===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2025 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only till it's your turn to ask a question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, updated 2025 guidance and outlook. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, April 24, 2025 and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our first quarter 2025 earnings release and first quarter 2025 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Caulfield. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi, good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog: I have a question on Frito. Last quarter, you emphasized your step-up investments with a particular focus on improved price pack architecture, and then also an emphasis on the sizable away from home opportunity. So, Ramon, I'd be curious to hear how some of those investments are paying off? And then, if you're making any changes to your strategy, especially given the pressured consumer environment? For instance, do you now see a need to increase your investments to ultimately return Frito back to growth? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hey, Bonnie. So, I think we're executing the playbook that we talked late last year, early this year, and the playbook has multiple legs. One is, as you said, granular, good return on invested value investments. The second is portfolio transformation. And the third is operational excellence in a broader way, execution and cost. So, we're executing the three pillars with a sense of urgency at Frito. And we're starting to see the returns on some of the value and new price points investments that we're making. It's still early in the rollout of the strategy, but if you think about our dual size strategy in single serve, so below $2, above $2 where we have executed that strategy, we're seeing a meaningful improvement in units, especially when we attach the kind of the below $2 to meal deals. And that is especially in convenience stores. We're also seeing the when you take multi-packs and multi-pack has been a big growth segment of the business for the last few years. We're seeing the 10-count assortment. We've increased that assortment as an entry, much lower price point for consumers. That's also delivering good returns. So, as we're optimistic that as we execute the playbook, the full playbook, including take home eventually later in the year, that that's going to keep consumers in the category and it's going to increase the frequency of consumption of those consumers, which at the end is what we're trying to do with new price pack. At the same time, we're working hard at portfolio transformation and that is a key pillar, offering consumers more options where consumers want to go. And basically here is more permissibility, more functionality in our snacks. And we're also working on improving the operational excellence of Frito, both in terms of rightsizing the cost and improving the field rates and improving the granular execution in go-to-market. Frito went through an SAP implementation, it just finished. And like any big system implementation, there has been some learnings for the organization. I think in the coming months that will be behind us and it will clearly have an impact on improved service levels and better visibility to execution. So, that is the full playbook and we will keep investing and we'll keep making sure that, that business continues to grow for the long-term and that's the perspective that we're putting on the business all the time.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: Great. Good morning. I was hoping that you could maybe just decompose in a bit more detail just the drivers of the reduced full-year earnings outlook. With organic growth not really changing in the aggregate, the implication is that the vast majority of that, if not all of that is related to tariffs. If that's right, just kind of the pockets of tariff friction that you're encountering and plans long-term to offset it, assuming they stick around. But then also if there's other things in there, if there are incremental investments, just sort of the relative bridge between prior full-year outlook and today? Thank you.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Steve, it's Jamie. The rationale behind the guidance adjustment that we announced today is really driven by three things in a number of ways that are a little bit related to one another. The first is tariffs. So, that is new news since we gave our initial guidance at the beginning of the year. So, we've factored in what we know about tariffs today and we factored in mitigation plans, which we continue to work. Some of those we'll be able to execute more quickly. Some of those will take more time to execute. The second is just the heightened macro and consumer uncertainty. I'm sure you saw the Consumer Confidence Index that's really nosedive. So, relative to where we were three months ago, we probably aren't feeling as good about the consumer now as we were a few months ago. And then third, and this is also related to the consumer picture is Frito's subdued performance and we've got clear plans to continue to turn the business around, but that'll take a little while too. Now on the top line guidance, you saw Q1 versus our low-single-digit guide for the year. We put up 1% as we called out in the prepared remarks because our international quarter is only two months for the first quarter. If we included the third month in the first quarter, we would have grown too. So, we're solidly in the band of top line guidance that we gave back at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the expectations for the international business going forward; clearly, solid 5% growth in the quarter. You mentioned also including the March, total company would have been 2% organic. So, you're expecting acceleration from here? Any color you could provide would be great. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, good morning, Filippo. Listen, the international business continues to be the largest growth engine for the company. And, we continue to invest in that business. As you well said, it started the year at a good pace, if you take March, even faster. We see the international business continuing those trends during the balance of the year. There are markets that we're seeing a bit of a slowdown in the consumer, namely China. China is a market where we've seen the consumer hurting a little bit. We're seeing Mexico in a way impacted by what happens in the U.S. And, I think those two markets will continue to be connected in consumer sentiment and probably consumer disposable income as well. We're seeing Europe navigating quite well. The first signs that we have in Europe are positive. We're seeing India in a good place. We're seeing Brazil in a good place. So, overall, the portfolio of markets where we have the highest percentage of business are in a positive place. And, we see the international business continuing to contribute to our growth at that mid-single digit. Some markets obviously have high single digits in the balance of the year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, just wanted to follow-up on Bonnie's question, the magnitude and durability of the volume weakness in Frito in North America continues to disappoint. So, it was helpful to hear about all the fixes you're putting in place here today as well as at CAGNY. Just wanted to get your perspective on if at some point you think we might need a more substantial level of re-investment behind FL&A to turn around trends in that business, some type of more dramatic step up in investment. And maybe you can split that into just potentially the need to reinvest more on pricing in this consumer environment or investing more behind the business, whether it's frontline spend or marketing? And, just how you think about that balance in this consumer environment and if you might need more aggressive plans at some point to turn around trends there? Thanks.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Dara, Jamie. Look, the way we're managing through this is we want to make sure we protect the long-term health of the franchise. We've talked about providing value to the consumer, so we're doing that. But, we're not going to do it in a way that we damage the long-term health and profitability of the business. We are driving greater levels of productivity that provide the investment that we're making in the business. And, that's not only in revenue management tactics, but it's also in stepping up our execution capability. And the other part on productivity is we are looking at how do we -- as you saw in the first quarter, quite a bit of fixed cost deleverage, so we're going after costs with even more intentionality.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think the three pillars that we talked, Dara, they are equally important. So, the value investment is relevant and it impacts our core brands. And, I think putting more intelligence behind the investment, making sure that we get the best return, that for every occasion and for every channel we have the right package versus destroying value by over-investing in value. I think that an intelligent reinvestment of value is an important one. Now, it is as critically important for us to make sure that we participate in all the sub-segments of the market where the consumers are going. And, the consumers love existing spaces. But, they are also driving consumption in other spaces where we need to participate very intentionally. And that's what we're doing. There's some moves we're making organically our -- we obviously have visibility to next year's innovation plan. They're very strong. And we're also making some acquisitions, as you saw, between south Russia, that we have now two platforms to drive additional participation in new segments. And the third pillar is not something that is small. The operational excellence of the business is improving. We now have better data, we have better systems. We have talent stability. COVID was a disruption for the organization. We have better leaders in place and, we've gone through a system implementation that has been, in a way, a little bit complex as you imagine a business of that size, that it's also behind us. So, you should think about a multiple vector execution that will drive the performance of the business, value being important and good return on investment in value. It's how we're thinking about our investments in that part of the of the business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to go back, sorry, to Frito North America. As you look at the price letters, are you seeing more declines in the higher price points or in bigger packs? So in other words, on a comparable basis, and Ramon, you spoke over the past I would say few quarters, even about moving reaching your multi-pack, reaching 5 billion against like 1 billion business before. Is that the 4% decline that we saw? I think in the 10Q, correct me if I'm wrong, just on Frito-Lay, North America in declining volumes. On average, are you seeing a much deeper decline in those large packs? Where consumers may be thinking maybe feeling more pressure because of the cash out way? And conversely, you're seeing less or smaller declines in the small packs. I mean, I'm trying to gauge where, on a mixed neutral basis, are you seeing those movements and how you reacting to those, or in other words, or you got tapped off that multi-pack at some point and both of them are declining at similar paces and how to protect that?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Andrea it's a -- revenue management clearly is becoming more complex as consumers are feeling more challenged with their disposable income. And that obviously is different for different levels of income across the American consumer. Now what we're seeing is that consumers are giving a lot of value to absolute dollars now. So, clearly, entry price points and absolute outlay of money per unit is a very important, relevant metric. And so, we're putting more emphasis on those entry price points and making sure that we're not asking for large amount of money for participating in our brands, and that is something that we're very -- that's why smaller single serve smaller multi-packs, those are all tools for us to keep the consumers in the brand and make sure that the frequency is there as well. There are different behaviors beginning of the month versus end of the month, so maybe beginning of the month consumers are looking for more price per kilos of more quantities at a good value end of the month, maybe absolute price per unit, and again, very complex how that works per location and per cohort. But that, those are where I think the intelligence, the data, the tools that we have now in the hands of our people can help us get their best return on the investment. Now, there is a channel that is convenience stores that is impacted there's less traffic in the channel and our participation in that channel is very irrelevant both in beverages and snacks. So, how do we help our partners in the convenience store business to have traffic, but also have higher incidents is a very important part of our operating plan. And that's why I was referring to meal deals. I was referring to some specific offers that will have in that channel because that is an important part of our business and it's impacting our single serve performance.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit around how the business can deal with some of the new legislation around, ingredients and colors. And sort of I know you've got lots of technology and lots of technology and different markets around the world, but if the outlook currently built in some of the incremental costs, you'll need to be absorbing to manage through this. And also just any perspective on snap. I know there's just, a lot out there, but anything you can offer on sensitivity to business or exposure to the business with regard to snap. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: That's great. Two good questions, I'm very relevant, we've been leading the transformation of the industry now for a long time. On sodium reduction, sugar reduction and better fats, and we already have a portfolio when we talk about the U.S. and the food business a 60 plus percent of our business today doesn't have any artificial color, so we're well undergoing that transition. And for example, brands like Lays will be out of artificial colors by the end of this year. The same with Tostitos. So, some of our big brands, so we're well underway. Ideally, we obviously we stand by the science and we we're products are very safe and there's nothing to worry about this, but we understand that there's going to be a probably a consumer demand for more natural ingredients, and we're going to be accelerating that transition. Ideally, we can do this in a very pragmatic, orchestrated way as an industry and not create unnecessary panic or chaos. But, we'll lead that transition. And in the next couple of years, we'll have migrated all the portfolio into natural colors or at least provide the consumer with natural color options. And obviously every consumer will have the opportunity to choose what they prefer. So, that's the journey we're undergoing. In terms of snap, again, there is a lot of conversation in different states and we're seeing that some of our categories could be exposed to some restrictions. I think this has -- will have a very limited impact in the business as we are calculating today. And we will need to see how the eventual legislation gets implemented. It's still a lot of unknowns on how this is going to be happening.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with BofA. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks operator. Good morning everyone. So, Ramon, maybe just to step back, the last few years, some of the messaging, I think if I've heard it correctly from you has been. As you're looking at the business over the next few years, right? More of the growth sourced from international, and you've done a lot, right? The company's done a lot to build and begin to scale more international, more countries contributing growth. So, I know some of this has maybe been forced by the external environment, but when we look at the top line in a two, if we had three full months of international, it just seems like from a revenue perspective your international contribution kind of puts you in a position to maintain the longer term growth objectives, even with what would be, I guess a natural slowing of Frito in North America. So, one, is that kind of the right way to think about this? And then, second, if that's true, are we scaled enough to be able to drive profit growth alongside revenue growth? Is it -- if it's a more international heavy revenue model, I guess over the next few years? So I guess what I'm basically asking is, are we at a point now where international can really contribute more if Frito's going to naturally slow to a more modest growth over time?
Ramon Laguarta: I think two. I mean, this is a great question, Brian and it's probably for a long conversation. I think international will continue to be a growth and profit key driver for the company for the long term. And it's -- if you look at the population inside, outside of the company, outside of the U.S. and how develop our per caps are internationally versus in the U.S. you could see right away that is the growth. And fortunately, we're now at a stage in the growth development of the company where that business is accretive to the company. So, two elements, high growth, high right to succeed in those markets, in the majority of those markets, both in beverages and in snacks and foods, and, accretive business. So, that part, and we'll continue to invest. We're investing in capacity, we're investing in talent, we're investing in go-to-market. We're investing in portfolio and the brands, and that will continue. Now, what I disagree with you is in the fact that the U.S. business cannot grow at a faster speed than it is growing today. I think I have -- I think the U.S. business, both beverages and foods, will continue to grow at a very good rate in the U.S. And when you think about the overall opportunity, both from the better execution to evolving the portfolio, to moving into new channels like away from home, we have, tremendous opportunities to take our brands into new spaces, leverage the capability of our business. And now that we have an operating model that will be more integrated in the U.S. that will give us more resources, will be less duplicated in some areas and synergize in other areas where we can drive growth in new service models direct-to-consumer, direct to B2B, whatever the we choose to play. So, I think the U.S., we see it as a girl driver. We see it as a source of funding for the rest of the world, but also a growth opportunity for the company. Way above where we are today, I think we're today in a broad emphasis given by all the consumer dynamics and some other dynamics that are happening in the us but that will go through -- we'll have a more relevant portfolio. We'll be in the relevant channels. We'll have the right price points and the consumer will be in a better place eventually in the U.S. So, we see the two components of growth, obviously international, we will grab that opportunity with the right investments, the right talent, the right brand strategies and challenge strategies. But the U.S. it's a great opportunity for us and we think we have the right to win. And we have the fundamentals of brands and market presence to capture that opportunity as well.
Operator: Thank you. One moment before our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to unpack the guidance change a little bit further. You touched on the three pieces, the tariffs, the macro uncertainty and the Frito North America weakness. But the second and third are, have a top line component and you've held the revenue outlook constant. Is it just because of the impact, is modest enough to be in the wiggle room of low single digits, or is it an offset from international? I guess how do we think about the top line piece that's wrapped into that and then just on the tariff piece. Is your outlook based on current estimates, and I guess just simply, would we be right to assume that if, for example, the 90 day pause gets extended or if there's any changes there, it could certainly drive some upside if you get a little relief out of that.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. So, I think there was two questions in there. The first Michael, yes. The momentum in international is one of the key underpinnings of the guidance that we reiterated on the topline. And as I mentioned, you look at the first quarter sort of normalize it for the -- our accounting calendar thing. And we're right in the middle of that low single-digit guidance. On tariffs, we're not going to get too much into piecemeal analysis. We based our guidance on what we observe today. We've run various scenarios of what could happen, and I think based on what we know today, that's what we factored into the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey guys, it's Bring Your Kid to Workday at Jefferies. So, if you don't mind, my daughter Melaina's going to ask the question.
Ramon Laguarta: That's awesome.
Kaumil Gajrawala: So what do you think about the launch of GLP-1 oral medications coming to market next year?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, just an --
Kaumil Gajrawala: That was entirely her own.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, that's good. That's good. And I think it's relevant and it's again I would. Kaumil, and I don't know your daughter's name. But obviously we've been transforming the portfolio and we'll continue to give the consumer offerings that help them in any sort of dietary preferences that they have. So, whether they're in a GLP situation or they're not, we will keep providing them. What we're seeing with GLP consumers is again, they're driving more consumption on protein space, on fiber, on hydration. I think we're well positioned for both fiber and hydration solutions and we will increase the availability of products in those two areas. I think we're a bit less well-positioned in protein and that we're innovating. Our teams are working on innovation for against protein, both on the beverage and the food business. And you will see some late this year, early next year. And that's the space that I think we can capture more incremental value. Now, the other thing we're seeing in GLP consumers is that they're keeping our branch in their repertoire probably in, in a smaller portion. So, they're going for -- and that's the way they're actually eating across most of their choices. They're eating less quantities, so our offerings in the small portions and whether it's in multi-pack or some other options that we provide keeps our brands in their repertoire and it's still relevant. So, again, portfolio transformation, portion control, and the right offerings for those consumers will make sure that, our brands stay relevant to those consumers. And I don't know whether that the current participation I think is about an eight, seven, 8%. And there's obviously still a lot of trial and error from consumers in that space, but I think it's going to be relevant in the future and something that every food company is thinking about and we are obviously thinking about it and reacting.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, this is [Greg] (ph) on Robert. We have two questions on the PB&A business. I guess first, if you could talk about kind of the rationale behind the acquisition of Poppi and what you're planning to do with the brand. And then, second of all if you could talk about the drivers for PB&A margins, kind of how you're thinking about that segment and the set up, and any new thoughts on where you see the margin goal being over the medium term. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, and listen, we're feeling good about our beverage business in North America. And we made choices a few years ago. We're executing those choices and I think we're executing quite well. And I need to thank the team for their focus and their good execution of the playbook. Now, one of the key pillars was improving the margin of the business. And you can see these in a multi-year trend that we keep improving. Q1 was a good step in the right direction. I think there's. There's opportunities still to become a better operating business and keep driving better excellence out of everything of our value chain from making, moving and selling. So, good progress there. We're also very, very optimistic about our brands and if you think about our soft drink business or CSD business, Pepsi is growing faster than in the last few years. Pepsi actually is starting to gain share of carbonated soft drinks, and it is been the focus on zero sugar. It's been the focus on Pepsi and food and all the activation of the brand in that space that is giving us very good results. We're also happy with Gatorade. Gatorade is also a business that is starting to regain share in the sports drink category. If you add to that Propel and the functional hydration, that space where clearly we're leaders and we keep we keep driving better performance. Now, our powders and tablets, our enhancer business is also gaining share. So, that is again a multi prone strategy that is starting to deliver for us. So, we feel good about it. There are areas where we need to keep improving, right? So if you think about Mountain Dew, we've been working on it for a while. There's a big re-launch of the brand in a few weeks. We would feel optimistic as well about Baja Blast being a good addition to the portfolio that will drive a structural demand for the brand. So, we're feeling good about both the operating improvement. We're feeling good about some of the brands and we're feeling good about some of the inorganic moves that we're making. Again, this is all subject to regulatory approval. So, when things are approved, then I think we can talk more about Poppy and how we're planning to integrate that into the business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, I wanted to follow-up on your commentary there around beverages and just the commentary around the portfolio. But can you maybe just give us an update on energy drinks? I think it's one of the few categories that has seen some sequential improvement year-to-date from a category perspective. Celsius has seen some improved performance as well. And then, just when you think about your partnership with Celsius, they obviously have brought on a new brand in Alani Nu. So, can you just talk about your willingness to kind of bring that brand on through your distribution network? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, we feel good about energy and we feel good about the strategy and the partnerships that we have in this space. We're having conversations with Celsius, obviously after they acquired new brands and still I would say early discussions about how we can find ways to participate or not in this new acquisition. It's still too early to make any kind of public comment on this.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Christopher Carey: Hi, good morning, everyone. I did want to follow-up on a question around PBNA, specifically on the Pepsi brand. It gained market share in the quarter as highlighted in the prepared remarks, which is certainly encouraging. Do you think that this is the start of something that can be a bit more durable? What are your expectations for the brand from here? And then if we take a step back, it's a little bit like Brian's question, but more toward North America and specifically on beverages. Your peers have delivered pretty dynamic results in their North American beverage business in recent years. Certainly, you've been active in the environment as well. But has your thought process on this business changed over time? I will tell you my personal view is that it feels like there's a lot of focus on margins from the investment community and less so from growth certainly that wouldn't be your starting point with your pillars of profitable growth. But maybe just as you canvass this North American beverage environment over the past few years, has that evolved your thinking on what this business is capable of going through the medium term? Thanks so much.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, listen, it's a good, it's a very good question. And as I would refer back to my previous answer, we were feeling very good about the progress that we're making and these large businesses is about clear focus, clear tradeoffs, clear areas of where do you want to improve the business and over time you execute and we're feeling good about both the operational excellence. So, the margin improvement is not only a margin improvement, it's an operational excellence, it's an operating improvement metrics across make, move and sell and that's where the business is focused. So, it is a long-term improvement in capabilities, in infrastructure, in data and technology and all that is being rolled out to make the business more capable and more granular and more intelligent. Now, on the brands as well, obviously we have been investing regularly in consistently in our brands with focus on Pepsi and Gatorade and those two brands are starting to gain share. We feel good about the positioning, we'll feel good about the advertising, we'll feel good about the portfolio. If you think about Pepsi Zero, it's a great addition to the portfolio and it's performing very well. If you think about Gatorade, rapid hydration is a big consumer space that we're participating with Gatorade. Gatorade Zero as well has been a good addition to the portfolio, a very, very large scale part of the business now. And we're investing in powders and tablets because we see the consumer moving there. We're now going to have new infrastructure, new assets that help us increase our offerings and probably add more functionality to that part of the portfolio. I think there are still opportunities on the brand. Some of them will be organic. Some of that would be inorganically or through partnerships as you mentioned with CELSIUS on the energy space, with Starbucks on the coffee space. And we have also, I think, a pretty good development of the tea category ahead of us with our partnership with Unilever. So, again, through a partnership, organic or inorganic, I think the portfolio, we have very good strategic intentions of where we want to take the portfolio, where the consumer is going. And, we feel good about the progress we are making. This is not going to be an overnight. We knew that. This is going to be a year after year progress. But, the way the business is performing, the way we are building the talent, the way we are building it step-by-step, the capabilities of the business make us feel very good about this business long-term.
Operator: Thank you, one moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Question for Ramon, just on the decision to recast your segment results, but really from a strategic perspective, so, as you're aware, it's not uncommon for such moves to be a precursor to more impactful strategic considerations from a company's board, particularly when a stock's been under pressure. So, I wouldn't expect you to front run anything, of course, on a call like this today. But, perhaps provide context, one, for the decision to recast your segment results. And then, two, what you believe investors may under appreciate about the story of PepsiCo that perhaps becomes more evident with the company's new financial segment reporting. So, thank you for that.
Ramon Laguarta: No, Kevin, I think we have a new -- as we think about maximizing the growth of the company in the future, we think there is an opportunity to both provide more focus in some parts of the business, either beverage or foods, or operating model, COBO or FOBO, in our international business. So, that has been the majority of the recast. And so, it provides a separation of the FOBO business international versus the operating units where we control from the manufacturing all the way to the selling. And so, this is a very simple way for our international business, which is where you scale today to have a bit more focus on the value we provide to our partners in the FOBO business and the operating infrastructure around our company-owned businesses, and how we apply technology, and how we provide services to our operating units. So, it's more on the let's make sure that we're well-positioned for the long-term growth of our international business and nothing else. Now on the North America business, Quaker has been part of the food business now for a couple of years. So, we're just recognizing something that is the way we're thinking about the business and running the business. And then, the beverage business continues to be separate. Now what we're adding in North America, it's a North America integration opportunity, both from running the business more efficiently in the short term, but most importantly about how we can grow the business in a different way in the future, especially as we look at common infrastructure for some of our supply chain or some of our go-to-market models for particular channels where I think the scale could give more value than the separation. And, that's how you should be thinking about why we've made some of these changes. The North American one is not on the reporting, it's more on the operating. The international one is the reporting and the operating both.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Thanks. Kaumil's daughter took my first question. But, fortunately, I have a backup here. So, last year, you characterized potato chips and other kind of unflavored chip products as being more commoditized. And that was where you wanted to be more forward on your promotional activity. And there's not much talk about that this year. So, Ramon, I wanted to know do you feel like in terms of your value actions, you need to be more active on that part of the portfolio, or do you feel like you've got it where you need to be.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think the strategic intent remains the same in areas where we have less consumer differentiation. We need to probably be a bit more intentional in our revenue management initiatives. In areas where we are more differentiated, we can probably be also more intentional, but in the other direction, right? In terms of capturing more value from consumers where our products provide more uniqueness and they, obviously consider, consumers will give us more recognition for that value. So, nothing has changed. We're not talking the details because obviously we're not going so much into that space. But in the work that teams are doing. We have -- we understand where we provide value and value, it's in the product, it's in the brand, it's in the experience, it's in multiple elements of value. And then, obviously where we have less differentiation or we provide less value, we need to have, we can afford less gap versus competitors in terms of pricing. So I mean, the principle, the strategic principles of our pricing versus our value remain the same. Actually I think we've gotten better at understanding really our value and the drivers of value and how then our pricing needs to reflect those elements in particular occasions or particular brands. I think the organization has become more nuanced, more granular, more intelligent in what is a critical element of our profitability and our growth.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from Charlie Higgs with Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Charlie Higgs: Hi, Ramon and Jamie. Good morning, as well. I just wanted to dig into the organic sales growth guidance please, because I think you are now including high inflation economies in that, can I just confirm and what you are building in for the rest of the year as a contribution from these high inflation economies? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: So, yes, I'll confirm that we do include it. And frankly, that was to put us on a comparable basis with many of our close in peers. It's not going to be a significant part of the revenue generation for the year. And it wasn't a significant contributor in the first quarter.
Ravi Pamnani: Yes. Charlie, it's Ravi. It's immaterial and there's no impact on earnings either. Just to make sure we clarify that. Benefit or impact? Nothing.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Okay. I think this is the last question and we close the call by now. Thank you very much for your participation and obviously thank you very much, especially for the trust you have in ourselves and in PepsiCo for your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only till it's your turn to ask a question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, guidance and outlook. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, February 4, 2025, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our fourth quarter 2024 earnings release and 2024 Form 10-K available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta, and PepsiCo's Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Caulfield. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to talk with -- about Frito. Significant reinvestment in the business that really started over the summer, but we really saw it presumably step-up in the fourth quarter, funded by the one-time gain you had, but volumes decelerated sequentially. So, just curious if you can talk a little bit more about spending and reinvestment in the fourth quarter, in particular, how much you would describe as kind of tactical versus laying strategic groundwork for next year? Because, right now, just optically and super simplistically, the ROI on reinvestment doesn't feel great with volumes kind of taking a step in the wrong direction. Thanks.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, good morning, Lauren. It's Jamie. Yeah, look, we're working hard to get the momentum back into the Frito business and just as importantly back into the salty and savory category. So, this is working for us, working for our customers. So, we're going to continue to invest and what enables us to invest is we're generating productivity. To your point, we did have some help from non-operating gains in the fourth quarter, and the investments are intended to improve the performance in the fourth quarter, but more importantly, to get us off to a good start going into 2025.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Lauren, hi, this is Ramon. A couple of context and how we feel about it. We're encouraged by the category, if you look at the MULO+, the Circana data, the category is starting to grow again in the last periods of the year, including P1. And that was the #1 objective that we had. Get the category back into growth both in volume and hopefully starting to take some -- see some pricing, price/mix -- positive price/mix. I think we are there. So, consumers are back into the category, I wouldn't say a large number, but delivering growth. So, that's very positive. From here, we can build on the learnings that we had during the year and what are the best ROI, as you were saying, ROI investments in value for the category, but most importantly, we understand the bigger trends where we can innovate, where we can bring to the category new spaces that will drive additional occasions into the category. Moreover, for our own business, the big opportunity we're also addressing is the away-from-home opportunity, which is a blue space, a blue ocean of opportunities for us. And as consumers are being less at home and more away from home, within that is another area of opportunity. So, I would say, category growth back to good levels. We're starting to see some pricing in the category. The consumer programs and the commercial programs for next year look very strong, addressing innovation spaces that have been unmet at this point, I would say. And then, obviously, for us, away-from-home is a big opportunity in our food business, we have more of our business in beverages away from home, but for foods is an underdeveloped opportunity. So, those -- that's how we're thinking about investments that we put back into the business. In Q4, as you said, we reinvested most of the one-time gains in building the infrastructure to capture those opportunities in '25.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I actually had a question on your guidance for this year. Your EPS guidance assumes some leverage, but not nearly as much as you've reported in prior years. So, just kind of wanted to understand the drivers of this. I assume your productivity savings will remain robust. So, should we assume that the level of investments in your businesses are going to ramp a fair amount this year? And if so, could you maybe give us a little bit more of a sense of the types of investments? For instance, Ramon, are you considering more price investments at Frito? And then, also you guided an EPS range versus your typical percentage increases. Is the idea there that you would ultimately like to have more flexibility this year to maybe push more aggressively on investment levels if needed? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, I would say, and Jamie will add to this, the way we're thinking about the year is, continuing with the systematic productivity, multiyear programs that we talked to you about, so automation, digitalization, global capability centers, simplifying the company, deduplicating. So, there's a lot of -- and we feel very strong about that. We are reinvesting into price partitions that were not participating for Frito. If you think about there's sub-$1 sub-$2, there's multiple price partitions where we're not participating. We're rethinking or we're redoing our price pack architecture on single serve, on multi-packs and multi-serve to make sure that we attract consumers. Depending on their disposable income during the month, they will be able to access our product across the multiple parts of the portfolio. And then, to your point, we're being cautious. Like, the reality is that the world looks better from the unemployment point of view. There's very low unemployment around the world. There is, I think, better inflation in most of the markets. However, the world is very volatile, if you think from the geopolitical point of view or some of the potential decisions that governments might take going forward. So, we think it's prudent for us to give a guidance that reflects all that. And obviously, we can invest in the business and continue to invest for the long-term, as we always manage the business, but also give us flexibility to react to potential circumstances that might come our way in the coming months, especially, I would say, the first half of the year. I don't know, Jamie, also in terms of ForEx and...
Jamie Caulfield: Yeah, I'd add, we have about a 3 point ForEx. And, obviously, the dollar has strengthened recently. Peso is the biggest piece of that ForEx guide. And then, below-the-line, we're expecting higher net interest expense. Part of that is as we've rolled over debt, it's -- we've issued at slightly higher rates and then higher debt balances with the acquisitions of Siete and the 50% of Sabra that we did not previously own. On top of that, pension expense is going to be up a bit. So, where we typically have maybe a little bit of leverage from below-the-line items, it'll be a bit of a headwind. So, you should expect the sector operating profit to grow in excess of what we're guiding on EPS.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey, everybody. Good morning. A couple of questions, I guess, on the restructuring and sort of realignments. I guess, the first thing is I don't know if it was 10 years ago, but there were a lot of conversations around splitting beverage and snack as two different businesses. And I just wonder if these restructurings are maybe a prelude to something bigger down the road or maybe what's your appetite for that. And then, I guess, in the midst of a restructuring like this, does that also mean that, any other M&A is off the table after these two recent deals? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, Kaumil. The reasons for the restructure are multiple, but I'll summarize. The international growth opportunity is very large for us, and we want to have focus between what is a franchise beverage opportunity and what is mainly a food operating unit opportunity. So, we're separating those two, make sure that we have category focus, but most importantly, we have a consumer-and-franchise-facing organization and a consumer-and-operating-facing organization internationally capturing what is a very large growth opportunity. Now, in the US, we have been investing in systems and we've been investing in data, we've been investing in infrastructure. Now, we're ready to capture the benefit of some of those investments in better short-term cost running the business and there's duplications in how we service the two organizations. So, that's an opportunity. We want to continue to have very focused category teams that understand the consumer, innovate, manage the category separately, but also we see an opportunity to build the future together in a different way. So, if you think about infrastructure, if you think about technology investment, if you think about a lot of the big decisions that we have to make for the future of the business, we have an opportunity to do that in a much more harmonized way in the US. So, those are the three big ideas that I think for the next chapter of the business and our accelerated growth ambitions and margin expansion is the best way to run the organization.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning, guys.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, just looking at Q4 results for you guys across the CPG industry, clearly a pretty muted top-line growth environment in North America. You touched on Frito-Lay North America already, but I just love to get a bit more granular on how you're specifically managing the business differently in 2025 relative to the back half of last year on both the Frito-Lay and beverage side of the business and areas you're emphasizing more such as innovation, et cetera, and just sort of the tweaks in strategy in light of that sustained environment? And also, just can you give us a quick update on performance in Mexico in Q4, somewhat tied into the same vein of a subdued consumer environment? So, any update there would be helpful. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Dara. So, let me start from -- the international business remains by far our largest growth opportunity, and we've been investing consistently over the last 10 years. We'll continue to invest to -- continue to nurture this big opportunity for us to develop our caps and continue to build, scale business with high margins. To give you a sense today, our international business already almost a $40 billion business accretive to PepsiCo. So, we build the scale, we build the leverage, and that business continues to grow at a very good pace. Now, in North America, we're encouraged by what we're seeing. We're encouraged by -- in the beverage business, a continuous improvement of our margin, and that was something that we put our -- as a key objective a few years ago. We see our line of sight to a mid-teens margin in our beverage business. That continues to be an aspiration. Now, I think we have an opportunity to do better on the top-line in beverages, and that is the focus for this year, continue to expand the margin, but drive acceleration on the top-line behind better price pack and much more focused innovation against zero, against functional hydration, against some of -- the more -- the categories where we are leaders like teas and coffees, and we continue to improve our operational excellence in beverages. So that's the beverage journey, beverage ambition. Again, productivity at the center, I think the teams have been doing a great job in improving operational efficiency across buying, across making, across moving and everything else. So, that's the journey on beverages. In snacks, after five years of very fast growth and gaining almost 200 bps of share, '24 has been a slowdown. Our #1 priority this year has been stabilizing the category, making sure that consumers come back to the category with good ROI investments. I think, we're -- we can say that we see that happening. We're seeing the category starting to grow again on volume in the last three months and a little bit of pricing in the category. Frito has a very strong program for '25, much better price point execution and partitions, as I said earlier in the call, much better innovation, which we're moving more of our A&M dollars towards, what we call, positive choices or permissible offerings for the consumer, a new line of no artificials under Simply, which will have all our brands, more effort on baked, more effort on lightly salted, more efforts on parts of the portfolio where we see consumers moving, a lot of effort on portion control, a lot of effort on single serve, on multi-packs and a lot of efforts on availability of our small portions. And then, as I said earlier, away-from-home continues to be an investment area for Frito, something that was in our strategy. Now, we're dialing up the opportunity to have our products available away-from-home, but not only in the form of a conventional bag of our snacks, but also more elevated experiences in form of ready-to-eat almost solutions or mini-meal solutions. That's why the acquisitions of Siete and Sabra feed our strategy as they give us not only better for you -- snacks, but also the option to participate in meals and mini meals in a much more intentional way. So, those are the kind of the broad strategies. We'll talk more at CAGNY on how we're thinking about all these for the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Ramon, I'd like to pick up on the comments from the previous question related to Frito, and I guess, the focus on some of the more positive choices. And I guess, as we step back, right, and we've all been trying to understand both the Frito share and the category, how much of it is just simply price got ahead of the consumers' wallet, how much of this is now a change in preference, right, is healthier, a lot more important objective from here, and then, I guess, the last is just, where Frito kind of fits in mini-meals, because meals have become more expensive, and is there a migration to like, I don't know, a dollar menu relative to a bag of Lays and a Pepsi. So, against those three things, which one is the most important? And specifically, is there something that you're hearing from consumers that is causing a refocus on the more positive choices?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. It's a great question. It's actually probably the most strategic question. I think when we talk to consumers, value is the number one decision maker and it's the reason why the category slowed down in the last 12 months. So, we think that addressing value, given the consumers' choices at different price points, different solutions throughout the month, the consumers will be making choices as they try and to maximize their disposable income. So, I think that continues to be the number one focus and I think we have a much stronger pricing, sizing and promotional activities that address that with high ROI and maximizing the value of the category. I think there is a more awareness from consumers to the food and the drinks that they consume. I think there is a -- this has been a multi-year evolution of the consumer in the US, globally, obviously, as well. And obviously, some parts of the world are more advanced, especially European consumers. But we think there has been a more conversations on social and more -- we've seen some behaviors as well. So that is maybe an acceleration in the US market that we are very well positioned to capture. You think about portion control, probably being the number one solution for consumers to stay in our categories is small portions of our favorites, ideally improved favorites with lower sodium and lower fat and artificial. So, portion control of our favorites is a big strategy. There's also consumers that are looking for more functionality and they're looking for protein in their snacks, they're looking for whole grain in their snacks, they're looking for other benefits, and we're also well positioned. If you think about SunChips and how SunChips is innovating with whole grain and now legumes, if you think about Stacy's with whole grain, if you think about Quaker with protein snacks, if you think about popping and baking and better frying, lower fat frying options that we're putting on in front of consumers, those are all tools in our portfolio enabled by very capable R&D that we will continue to expand. And the truth is that our partners have been great partners in expanding space for us in stores and giving us the tools to maximize consumer impact. So that will be big in '25 and we're pivoting a lot of our A&M into those spaces. The third pillar is mini-meals, and this is not only a value-driven decision, but it's been also a multi-year evolution of the category where more occasions more calories are being eaten in small meals versus large meals. And I think that is something that will continue as consumers lifestyle evolve that way. So, there, we're participating with all our brands. We're trying to create solutions for consumers in those moments of the day where they're looking for a 200-calorie, 300-calorie solution that takes them over for the next few hours into their next job or whatever they're trying to accomplish. So, those are multi strategies. Now, the same applies to beverages. Beverages, price points are critical. I think, obviously, offering partitions that drive that are critical. Better for you, so zero and more functional beverages and we have both in Gatorade and Propel and in the whole zero portfolio. And then also elevated experiences away-from-home. And we have Pepsi DRIPS, that is an elevated experience, and multiple other solutions that we have on our away-from-home business. So, it is a three-pronged strategy. It is across food and beverages, and we feel good about our ability to continue to give consumers what they need as their preferences evolve, obviously, during the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about your low-single-digit organic sales guidance for 2025. Can you comment how much is the international contribution versus the North America expectations? And specifically, North America, you called out the performance to improve gradually as the year progresses. Can you give us some sense of when you expect North America to improve? And kind of what are the key drivers of that improvement in '25? Thank you.
Jamie Caulfield: Hi, Filippo, it's Jamie. So, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we expect North America's performance to improve gradually as we work through the year. Our guidance of low-single-digits is in the same neighborhood as our exit rate. Clearly, at this point in the year with a lot of global uncertainty, I think we've set the top-line guidance to be prudent. And the cause of all the acceleration -- or the cause of the acceleration in North America is a lot of what Ramon has been sharing previously on the call. So, innovation, getting into new spaces, getting into -- leaning more heavily into away-from-home. And to be clear, international has been performing very well and we expect international to continue to be quite resilient and a major contributor to our results in 2025.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Hope you're doing well. So, Ramon, you mentioned in response to Lauren's question that you're kind of encouraged by some of the trends that you're seeing in salty more recently. And I know throughout this call you kind of touched on a lot of the things that the company is doing to improve performance around affordability, innovation, et cetera. But just over the past year, category growth has been choppy and we've seen kind of these periods of growth kind of ultimately reverse. So, I just would be curious, as you look at it today, is there something that you're seeing that's different that gives you greater confidence that the category is on much better footing today as you move into the balance of '25. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. And I think, listen, I don't think we can read '24 in isolation of the previous three years. Otherwise, I think we're missing some of the major impacts on consumer, both lifestyle, [moving from] (ph) home into away-from-home and disposable income challenges with inflation. So, we look at '24 in the context of the last four years and we say, okay, Frito-Lay and the category has grown above our long-term expectations. Frito-Lay grew 8% in the last four years. That's a pretty good compound rate for a company of that scale and that development. So that's positive. And Frito-Lay has, I think, gained almost 200 bps of share of market. So that is the contextual reality to understand '24 as a normalization year, inflation going back to normal levels both on the cost of inputs and the consumer side, and the overall trends in the category. Now, yes, we're encouraged by the fact that we're seeing more occasions coming into the category in the last three years of the -- three months of the year. And that is encouraging because we see consumers coming back to consume our products, consume the products that are being offered by the category. Now, there is a higher level of consumption in the value segments of the category, but it's also more occasions coming in the premium segments of the category, which also helps us to understand the way to address that opportunity, both with good offerings on the value side, but also innovation and good consumer solutions that our consumers are willing to pay more on the premium side. And that's why what I said we're encouraged. I think our commercial plans address the opportunities both ends of the category and also trying to be very cautious and very -- always having ROI at the center of our decisions, not only for PepsiCo, but for the full category, which we think we are guardians of this category for the long-term. And that's why we're making some of the decisions we're making.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: Thanks, and good morning. So, I don't want to beat a dead horse, but I just wanted to delve a little further into the topic of Frito investments, specifically the topic of pricing and value. Because I appreciate the comments you made so far, Ramon, but I just I guess I'm trying to put a little finer point on it, because it's the one area where I guess you could argue you haven't really yet made clear and considered investments, just evidenced by the fact that pricing in Frito is still positive this quarter despite tactical initiatives you discussed coming into the quarter. So, the comments you made today, Ramon, signal a change on that front such that pricing in Frito could potentially start to run negative as we start 2025. I certainly understand the risks and sensitivities of walking back pricing, but on the flip side, I guess the question would be, how do you think -- how would you think about the risks of not investing more in price to reenergize volume, just given that it's been, I guess, 18 months or so where we've seen category volumes and volumes in your portfolio extend their declines and fall short of expectations? So, just I think I'm hearing a little bit more certainness, but I'm just -- I just want to...
Ramon Laguarta: No, I wouldn't assume that we're going to have negative pricing. I don't think that's our strategy. What I'm saying is we're going to have much more surgical offerings to consumers, especially around price partitions, which I think we can do price and sizing in a way that we give consumers optionality without diluting the pricing of our business or the category. For example, if you think about the multi-bag business, we will be offering lower counts, we'll be offering eight counts and we'll be offering 15 counts and 18 counts and 20 counts. We'll be offering the consumer multiple choices so that the consumer can beginning of the month, they might go for 18 count, and end of the month, they might take a six count, eight count depending on their budget availability. That's one strategy. The same with the single serve, we've always had the 2-for-$1 option for limited channels. Now, we're going to have a sub-$2 option that we didn't have. We'll have multiple partitions for different occasions. And obviously, this is the -- our DSD system allows us to have distribution of the different price packs for the occasions that matter for that particular customer or point of sale throughout the year. So, those are capabilities that we have in place. Now, we would have the offerings, we'll have the executions and we'll have the partnership with our customers to try to continue to drive value for the consumer and for our partners and for ourselves. I don't think we will have negative pricing. We'll have a much more surgical price pack strategy and execution strategy that we think will drive growth for the category, given where the consumer is in their disposable income evolution after the high inflation years that we just crossed.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just want to come back to Frito, really not as much the pricing piece, but some of the other spending. At the end of Lauren's question, you were saying you reinvested most of the one-time gains in infrastructure. And I just want to maybe understand a little bit better what that is. I mean, I think the optics she pointed out are a little funny, but if we understand that better, I think that's helpful. And just a little bit related, you said that the percentage of sales for advertising and marketing went up in 4Q. Can you maybe touch on what your expectations are for 2025 for that?
Jamie Caulfield: I'll start with the A&M. I'd expect our A&M to be pretty consistent as a percent of sales in 2025.
Ravi Pamnani: Investments and how we reinvested them?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. I think going back to the investments, I think we continue to think about long-term portfolio evolution. So, continue to invest more on the future platforms that we're trying to create, whether it's portion control platforms, whether it's permissible platforms, whether it's away-from-home platforms, all of those require investments upfront, especially away-from-home requires some investments to be able to capture new channels and new opportunities. The same with some of the new platforms that we have to invest to get it off the ground. That's why my comment on Q4 reinvesting on those platforms. But again, we're trying to run the business for the long-term, trying to establish good options for the consumer in all the different price partitions, move the portfolio to where we think are the new pockets of demand, again, lower-fat products, lower-sodium products, better ingredients on legumes and rice and some other ingredients, giving consumers higher protein, all the different functionalities that consumers are looking for as they enjoy tasting snacks. And then, again, the away-from-home opportunity being much bigger, both with mini-meals and some ready-to-eat solutions that our brands can participate, we're seeing high demand and that will require investments to be able to capture for the long term.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Drew Levine with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Drew Levine: Hey, can you hear me?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Hi, Drew.
Drew Levine: Hey, there. Thanks for taking the question. So, I think this is the first quarter in a while where energy wasn't specifically mentioned in the prepared remarks. So, wondering any change in view of the category or PepsiCo's platform in the category. And I know the company has previously said you feel good about the service levels and execution, but maybe any color on what the company has planned from a planning or execution perspective to drive growth in that part of the portfolio, or if there's anything that the partnership could be doing differently or better from your perspective? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, thank you. No, we think we continue to see energy as a fundamental part of our beverage growth strategy in the US. There's a demand for energy throughout the day, and I think we have a portfolio that offers that both with our brands and some of the brands that we distribute. And we're servicing our consumers and our customers with, I think, full end-to-end solution. So, there's no mention because there's no -- nothing special to mention.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is Greg on for Robert. I was just wondering if you could please talk a bit about the PBNA pricing strategy for 2025 and then a bit more about higher thinking of promo in that segment. And then, as a quick other follow-up, maybe just touch on the incrementality of Baja Blast and just how you guys are thinking about the Mountain Dew franchise? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. So, listen, Baja Blast is a big part of our strategy to make Mountain Dew a bigger contributor to our growth in beverages. It's a large franchise. It's almost $1 billion already between our away-from-home and our retail business, or in the neighborhood of $1 billion. We see it is incremental in driving penetration for Mountain Dew with new -- especially with Gen Zs and especially in parts of the country where our core Mountain Dew is less developed. So, we see a very good incrementality for us and we will continue to invest in Baja Blast. It's one of our bets for the year. It's -- we're continuing the development of Baja Blast in the -- we will have it for Super Bowl and there's a whole program throughout the year to continue to develop this platform. I think it's sustainable, it's incremental, it brings new consumers into the franchise. So, that's regarding Baja Blast. Regarding the pricing strategy, I think there's very disciplined category pricing, both through price pack and through a channel mix. And we'll continue to work on that direction to create value for our partners and for our consumers, giving them the best choices in price packs and promotional offers that create category value and category profitability for our partners and ourselves.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for the question. I was curious when you went through the list of factors impacting the slowdown in salty snacks, there's no mention of increased GLP usage. And there's a pretty detailed study by Numerator Cornell showing that salty snacks was a category that was probably most impacted by GLP usage. Would you agree with that assessment, or do you think it overstates the impact? And then secondly, protein drinks is probably the fastest-growing segment of the drinks market. Would you have any desire to go -- to become more aggressive in that category, given all the growth around it? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, great. Listen, on the protein beverages, for sure, we're trying to participate in that with a sense of urgency. We're trying to participate, in general, in the functionality evolution of the beverage category, both from the functional hydration point of view and there with Gatorade and Propel. And we see the opportunity to continue to create more value, both in terms of hydration by Hydration plus protein as well in that space. But yes, in terms of protein, both with through Muscle Milk and some other innovations, we're looking at participating in that category, which as you were saying, it is growing faster than total LRB. So, for sure, that is an opportunity that we're... Now, on salty, listen, I think we continue to study GLP, obviously, with a lot of detail. And at this point, we see that because of the lower levels of adoption and people coming in and out of the treatment, we see very little impact in our business and in our category at this point. However, as I said earlier, I think there is a higher level of awareness in general of American consumers towards health and wellness. And this is driven by potentially all the conversation around obesity drugs, but also other conversations that are happening around the space of health and wellness. So, I think, yes, there is a health and wellness higher level of awareness by consumers and that's driving some behaviors that I -- we're addressing through the strategies that I talked earlier. The most important being portion control. I think portion control is a highly-strategic strategy that we've been implementing for many years, but also long-term evolution of our portfolio with lower sodium, lower fat, lower sugar, positive ingredients, plant-based protein, whole grains, all those are kind of strategic adjustment and evolution of our portfolio that we've been making for many years. We're accelerating to be able to offer consumers all different options for the multiple occasions that they interact with our category. So, again, we haven't seen a direct impact of GLP, but we're seeing more conversation in social media about health and wellness, in general, and obviously, that's impacting consumption of food and consumption of beverages. And we're very well positioned with our broad portfolio to cater to all these new realities. And this is not new, this is something that we've been working on for many, many years. This is a sequential evolution of the consumer that both through innovation and through M&A, we've been addressing. I think, we have a very broad portfolio. If you think about the acquisitions of Siete or of Sabra, they're in that context, and they gave us both the opportunity to innovate, but also to enter new spaces like meals where we needed more platforms to take advantage of them.
Jamie Caulfield: I'll just add, I think the protein opportunity is beyond protein beverages. So, if you look at the Quaker today, we've got a number of offerings that are high protein in the breakfast occasion and I think there's a lot more opportunity to expand that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Hi, thank you. So, number one, just on Europe, this has been a segment that has actually seen kind of successfully driven an improvement of volume just as even as pricing has normalized. What specific about what's going on in Europe that has allowed you to see that positive balance of delivery over the course of this year? And do you think this performance is sustainable going to next year? And then just connected, I think there was some view that international profit strength could fund some of the investments in North America. Would you continue to have that view given what we're seeing in the currency environment? So, just the concept of international still being able to give you that profit lift, so as to fund some of the things that you want to do in North America? So, thanks for those two.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, great. So, international continues to be our largest value-creation opportunity, both in the top-line and margin expansion. If you look at the margin expansion of international in the last couple of years, it's very remarkable. And I wouldn't say that international will fund the US, but as we met as a company in its totality, obviously, international now is a great source of top-line, is a great source of profit and it gives us flexibility to be much more flexible, I guess, in how we allocate resources and grow the overall business. With regards to Europe, it's just a, I would say, consistent strategy by our teams. I think the teams have done a great job in being very balanced in simplifying the business, extracting unnecessary costs from the P&L and reinvesting those in growth in platforms that have been very good for us long-term, zero-sugar beverages, lower-sodium and lower-fat snacks and executing better in terms of availability, affordability and entering new spaces like away-from-home. So, they've been executing very well the strategy of the business, starting, I would say, from a very intentional reduction of cost to reinvest in top-line. And in a difficult context like the European markets with large retailers, they've done a great job. And yes, we think that this is sustainable, we think this will continue in this year and coming years. And, yes, the opportunities to grow per caps in Europe are still very large and we have very good teams in the markets and very good strategies to deploy our capabilities against the market.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, I wanted to take a step back here and give you the opportunity to perhaps level set on the company's longer-term organic sales guidance of 4% to 6%. So, not asking to be redundant in any way, but pulling together a lot of themes on the call, it seems like you see issues in the snacks business as more transitory or cyclical as opposed to secular. You sound confident on the strength of the business outside the US, but perhaps maybe cautiously optimistic you have the right plan in place to return Snacks to growth, time will tell. But as we sit here today, can you maybe comment on your level of confidence these are indeed transitory issues facing the business and that 4% to 6% is still the right growth rate for your current portfolio on an intermediate-term basis? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you. Great question. And I think obviously, we see our long-term growth of the business in those levels 4% to 6%, and we're obviously going to try to go for the upper end of the long-term guidance. Again, very high growth in international. We're very confident that our North America business will accelerate this year. We're very confident in our plans and our long-term. And we see opportunities, especially away from home as billions of occasions in a daily basis that we need to go and capture with much more intentional products and consumer-facing go-to-market. So, those are big opportunities. We remain very committed, and we also remain very committed to translate that growth into a high single digit EPS. And if you look at our last five years, we've been delivering above our long-term guidance, both in top-line and bottom-line, and we don't see any reason why we should not continue to deliver at those high levels if you take the next five years in context. So, thank you very much. This has been a good conversation and really appreciate your questions. Thank you for staying invested in our business. We look forward to the meeting in CAGNY, and also hope that you guys enjoy our products during this weekend Super Bowl game. So, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-08 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask the question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, Kevin. And good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and updated 2024 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, October 8, 2024, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our third quarter 2024 earnings release and third quarter 2024 form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta, and PepsiCo's Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Caulfield. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So in the release clear that Frito volumes trended in the right direction in the third quarter, category backdrop is still tough, and you offered a lot of detail in the prepared remarks and kind of the strategy from here. I wanted to maybe think about the building blocks to a return to volume growth for that business? And if we isolate it between, let's say, core Lays and some of the promotional work that you started this summer, the expansion efforts where you focus on kind of multicultural offerings and value offerings, and then the positive choice, more premium end of the spectrum. As we think about the path forward, what do you think about the growth rates for those three, if you will, segments or initiatives? Do we think that long-term Lays get back to, and that kind of core part of the business to be a positive volume contributor or is it more of a kind of hold the line and avoid losses there, but the other two are really what drives the turnaround as we move forward? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Lauren. Thank you. Let me step back for a minute. If we think about the long-term growth potential of the food business in the U.S., we are very positive about the long-term trends. We've seen Gen Z snacking patterns and food patterns being in a way that favors the growth of our category. They are snacking more. They are eating mini meals versus large meals. And that favors our brands and the number of occasions that they carrier will grow. So long term, we feel very good about it. After three years of outsized growth for Frito, if you think about the double digit growth, we knew this year was going to be a year of normalization and that's what's happening. The consumer is reassessing patterns and with mobility and some of the financial situation. Now going forward, we think that the category will continue to grow at the pace of the past because of the long-term trends that I referred to. Now the way we're thinking about our brands playing in that space, potato chips will continue to be a big driver of the growth. And we're looking at potato chips, to your question on Lays, as a multi-tier opportunity. And the same with theme for all the other segments. So we have Lays clearly as the main part of the category. And within Lays, We will have unsalted and we'll have flavors where we know we can create a lot of loyalty and higher value for consumers. We'll have subsegments like lightly salted or baked that provide even more permissible options for consumer sustained potatoes. And then we'll have, at the upper end of the category brands like Miss Vickie's that provide a more premium experience. So we're thinking about each one of those categories as multi-tier where we offer value to some consumers, more specific choices for other consumers that want to stay within our brands. But the overarching -- the way we're thinking about the category is to continue to create growth, continue to ensure that the long-term, the category creates occasions and brings consumers into the -- will bring consumers into the category with our brand programs, our innovation, to keep the category growing very healthy in the future for us and for our customers. And that's how you should think about the long-term value that we can create with the Frito-Lay business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with BofA. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So, my question is just how we're approaching planning for, I guess, 2025 and maybe just the medium term. And Ramon, I guess underneath my question is, given that this is sort of in some ways uncharted water in terms of what we're dealing with the consumer and finding ways to get them to respond, how is it affecting the way you're thinking about the balance, right, between investment, spending to stimulate demand, returns, and how it affects the bottom line? And I guess, really what I'm asking is, how do you gauge or guard against cutting too much cost in order to preserve the bottom line while trying to re-accelerate top-line growth?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, great question, Bryan. Listen, we've been thinking about productivity and cost transformation now for some time. We knew it was going to be a year of normalization after, as I said, three years of outsized growth. So we've been thinking about productivity in a very programmatic way and systemic way across the company. And there are some big platforms that we have started to deploy and will continue to deploy over the next few years. And these platforms are automation of our supply chain, both warehouses, manufacturing, distribution centers. We have invested a lot in data and organizing our data in a way that now we can deploy digitalization at scale throughout the value chain. So from the way we procure to the way we run our factories, to our transportation, to our go-to markets, we're really digitalizing the company. And that will generate growth and productivity as well. We invested -- we started to create our global business services, share services, now we call them Global Capability Centers, about a couple of years ago. Now we have them at a maturity level that we can use them much more in how we do labor across the company, how we service our organization. A&M optimization, or in general demand generation budgets optimization. We are much better at understanding otherwise. So there's multiple platforms of productivity that we'll keep deploying in the next few years in the U.S. and internationally. That will give us the optionality to invest in the business as we see best to continue to grow our categories in a responsible way, and continue to deliver the financial returns that our investors expect and that we are delivering. One good -- we feel good about this year in the sense that even with a very challenging consumer background, we're able to deliver at the high end of our EPS long-term target. That is very positive, and it makes us feel very confident that the productivity, the cost transformation programs that we started with the right levels of investment will deliver for us. Again, we're always managing the company for the long term. Even in a year like this in which we're challenged, on the top line we keep investing in A&M, we keep investing in the long-term transformation of the company, we keep investing in sustainability, making sure that long-term we are using less resources. So we're not taking our eyes off the ball on the long-term, whilst we deliver on the short-term for our investors. Thanks to what I think is best-in-class productivity multi-prone program that we'll continue to deploy in the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey, guys. Good morning. If I could just follow-up on that with -- other than the details, if organic revenue growth does indeed stay in this sort of low single digit or 1% range, can you still deliver 8% on EPS, kind of putting all of that together? Do you have the flexibility to do that for the forward year?
Ramon Laguarta: Kaumil, as I said earlier, I think we have a very large productivity set of tools that we will keep deploying systematically. At the same time, we don't think our category will grow at 1% long term. We think our category with investments that we are putting back into the business and the health of our brands and the innovation that we have in place for this year and next year will deliver much more than 1%. So we're not considering that scenario in our kind of planning. But I would say, what we want to do is control what we can control, which is clearly focus on productivity, focusing on the long-term health of our category, continue to keep our consumers in our brand, continue to keep our consumers in our categories, building winning plans with our partners that generate profitable growth for both of us. That's where we're putting the focus. Long-term, as I said earlier, we believe in the long-term growth of both our snacks category and our beverage category. Both of them are trillion-dollar type of categories with global relevance, growing very healthy in many markets around the world and with long-term trends that give us a lot of confidence that these will be sizable growth categories for the long term.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Hey, Dara. Good morning.
Dara Mohsenian: So, Ramon, you touched on earlier in the prepared remarks some of the actions you've taken so far in Frito-Lay. Just can you take a step back and give us your view in terms of the initial payback you're seeing? But the thrust of the question is really more about going forward is it sort of tweaking those actions in place already to drive greater payoff going forward? Are there additional actions you're going to lean heavier on? And just how do you think about sort of changing the magnitude of investment behind some of those? And maybe specifically you can dial down on providing value to consumers that you mentioned. What does that sort of mean? Is that more of a promotional focus? Is it taking less pricing? Give us a little more tangible detail on that front. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Great, Dara. Thank you. Listen, I think it's a multi-pronged strategy and that we'll continue with that. So giving more value on the core is super relevant. We feel good about the investments that we put this summer, mostly behind the potato chips category and Lays. That drove growth in the potato chips business. Lays gained 3 points of household penetration, and we feel good about that return. Now we're going to apply that sequentially to other categories. We will use the fall, the winter season to put more investments behind Doritos and Tostitos. Its the football season, there's a lot of gatherings, and those brands belong very well in those gatherings. And it will be a combination of value in the form of bonus packs and more product too. Obviously these are large -- normally large group gatherings, so bonus packs make a lot of sense. We're giving 20% more product in Tostitos and Ruffles, some of the brands that belong in those locations. We're also investing in brand events. So, you will see Tostitos and Doritos, big brand events around NFL. We'll see Lays playing some of the classic Do Us a Flavor event. So the brands will have a combination of value and big brand events. At the same time, we're working on the long-term evolution of the portfolio. That is something that we've been working for many, many years. We'll continue. I think the success of our business long-term is based on evolving the portfolio at the speed that the consumer wants to go. So we'll continue to invest on our permissible portfolio. This is growing very fast, and we continue to put more legs to that business. Now we have SunChip, Simply, PopCorners, we have SmartFood, we have multiple brands. You guys saw the announcement of [CSA] (ph), hopefully that will go through legal approval and we will have another leg to that portfolio of solutions to keep growing the permissible portfolio. The same with multicultural. We see that with the Hispanic population growing in the United States, we have brands like Sabritas, Santitas, Gamesa that can work very well to that group of consumers. We have those brands in Mexico, we're making them -- we're scaling them up in the U.S. And the other lever we're playing there is, we're entering new channels. We're trying to expand beyond retail, in a way from home, in other channels where we can create occasions for our brands that right now are under-penetrated. So that's the multi-prone approach. We're probably going to lean a bit more on value in the first quarters without taking the ball off the long-term investments that we're making consistently in building the portfolio for the future. So, you will see us making those options. But again, I refer back to what I was saying earlier, the optionality that we can create for ourselves with our productivity programs gives us a lot of flexibility. And we will be making those adjustments as we see the returns of the different actions and the tactics taking place over the next few months.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about the international business. So Ramon, you mentioned in the prepared remarks geopolitical tensions and some weaker consumer across certain markets. So maybe you can talk about those markets that had a negative impact and quantify any impact in the quarter. And then kind of like looking at the two pieces of the international business, it seems like the deceleration has been more in the convenience food side versus the beverage business continues to do well. So what are the drivers in international slowdown in snacks and convenient foods? Is it similar to the US or are there other drivers? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you, Filippo. I'll give you a bit of a sense of -- there are pockets of strength in international. There are markets like in Southeast Asia, India. Those are markets that are growing nicely. We see parts of Eastern Europe growing nicely. We see Brazil growing at a good pace. So there is pockets of growth. There are other markets where we're seeing a bit of a deceleration. So China is a market where consumers are feeling a bit more constrained, and we're seeing that in our food business, although we're getting share, we're seeing a deceleration from double digit to single digit growth. We're seeing a bit of a deceleration in Mexico. We think this has to be related with elections and some of the noise around the flows of social money into the economy. Hopefully that will now stabilize. And we're seeing parts of Western Europe also challenge weather and other dynamics there. Now the Middle East is a different reality. The fact that we have a big business in the Middle East and yet it's being impacted by geopolitical situation and I don't think that's going to change in the coming months. But our teams locally are doing a great job navigating the situation and trying to continue to stay relevant for consumers and drive that business forward. So yes, your comment on foods versus beverages, yes, the beverage business is growing a little bit faster than the food business globally.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just a bit more of a housekeeping question, but the full year organic revenue guidance still implies a relatively wide range for the fourth quarter. So just any thoughts on where you would expect to fall within that range? And then, within that, any comments on the underlying assumptions embedded, clearly things have been more challenged from an external perspective. So just would be curious if you were assuming kind of the current environment holds, or would you anticipate category trying to show some improvement here as we exit 2024? Thanks.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, it's Jamie. I'd say that we really don't expect a huge inflection up or down from the conditions that existed in Q3.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. Ramon, you have a very thoughtful strategic approach to investing in Frito-Lay. In some areas you're investing in some -- in different ways in different areas. Two questions. I thought that the plan was to also invest behind Tostitos and promote more. I thought it was like similar to the process for Lays. Did you put that into market or not? Because we didn't see much yet for Tostitos. And then secondly, regarding the positive choice brands, I would have thought that they would be less exposed to value-seeking consumer behavior, because I think they tend to skew more towards higher income, but they've been weak. Can you give us a little bit of what progress you've made to improve their distribution and where you are in terms of turning them around? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: That's great. Great two questions. On Tostitos, we've made some investments in the summer, but the Tostitos brand has a lot of relevance in this fall season with all the gatherings around TV watching and tailgating and everything else that happens in the US. So, as we will be putting incremental investment behind Tostitos and as I mentioned, it's going to be around brand investment, so programs on consumer investment, brand investment, and also value in the sense of 20% more bonus packs and some other additional value for consumers that will sure will create additional penetration for the brand and hopefully growth. And we're doing the same with Doritos. Doritos, were investing a bit more sequentially. We started with Lays, now we're moving to Doritos. Doritos being a brand that responds very well to any sort of activity and we're seeing already in the month of September, October, how the brand is responding. And will sequentially improve. The other part of the business that --with the pandemic mobility and returning to different patterns by consumers that is being impacted is multi-packs. And variety packs was a huge driver of business. We're seeing that part of the business kind of slowing down a little bit, part is affordability. So some of the larger packs have been impacted. Now we offer 10-count multi-packs to -- before it was more 18 and 24. Now 10-count, that's growing very fast. Parts of the month, the consumers are gravitating toward lower purchase. That's growing very well. We're also giving bonus packs to our multi-packs, plus two units, plus three units. So this will be all additional value that I think will have a positive impact in the business in the coming months. Now when it comes to permissible, we've been working on permissible now for many, many years, both on making our core products more permissible. You see our levels of sodium, our levels of fat are being reduced, and that's creating a positive halo for all our brands, but also creating a portfolio of brands that are, as you say, not necessarily premium. I think the penetration is still limited around between 10% and 20% in some of those platforms, but already beyond what is the premium consumer. It's really democratizing positive choices to consumers. It's SunChips, it's the Simply range, which covers most of our large brands. It is SmartFoods, it is PopCorners, and as I said, some new addition to the family hopefully with Siete. So we keep investing in those. We're seeing penetration increasing. We're seeing positive development of those brands. And everything is impacted by affordability even for medium-income consumers or medium-high income consumers. We don't see this as a long-term derailer. We see something that will continue to provide the right portfolio, add distribution, make sure visibility is at the levels that it needs to be to generate trial. Be very intentional with where we invest money behind these brands to generate additional trial. And the fact of the matter is that, today with digital advertising and all the information and insights that we have, we can be much more precise and thoughtful and have much higher returns on how we build these platforms, which as I said earlier, they are meaningful. They are already $2 billion and this is a large business that is growing and will continue to grow for us in the long term.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: Good morning, everybody. Thank you. So, I just -- maybe to clarify, Ramon, if you could talk a little bit more about what drove the step down between 4% organic sales growth for the year and now low single digits, the balance between how much was driven by some of the changes in international markets that you talked about versus less improvement than expected in some of the domestic businesses. I'm not 100% clear where the incrementality was. And then within that, within Frito-Lay specifically, you talked a lot about investments both in incremental brand building and in sort of sharpening price points and the value equation. I guess, I'm gleaning from that, that we should potentially expect segment pricing to flip negative as we go forward as you realize those investments. I just wanted to play that back and see if that was an appropriate assumption.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Steve. It's Jamie. On the revision from the 4% to low single digits, the combination of recovery of the consumer in the U.S., frankly, has been slower than we had anticipated. And then to a lesser degree, the geopolitics have impacted international. That's probably a half point drag on total PepsiCo revenue growth in the quarter. As far as pricing goes, it's a bit complex. We're investing in affordability where it makes sense, but we're investing in a number of levers to stimulate demand, and I think too soon to call on what the pricing outlook is going forward.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to start back and think about international convenience food [indiscernible] also needs to see an increased level of reinvestment in marketing to reflect volume in key regions like in LatAm, while also keeping momentum in Europe. That has been a very nice place where I know Ramon, you have a lot of experience in there in negotiating with retailers. And should we see -- I mean my question is rooted on the affordability that we saw also in the US. Is that something that we should be basing for in places like LatAm, specifically Mexico? I understand the tough comps, but going forward, looking at ways to kind of dialing in [indiscernible] in LATAM. And on the Frito-Lay North America, just a bit of a check-in and a follow-up. In the reinvestment you mentioned, should we prepare for margins to remain pressured, it seems, until we lack summer next year? And therefore, I mean, we saw a sizable 200 basis points decline in operating margin for Frito-Lay. I would appreciate that. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Andrea. Listen, I think your question on international is very valid. I think we've always been very good at the affordability and the revenue management in LatAm for our food business. And I think we manage well the price ladder and the entry points and the price packs and how we execute that in the point of sale in our racks and in our front facing to the consumer. So we'll continue to dial that up. The truth is that in LatAm as well, we have great brands and we continue to invest in those brands, make sure that we carry to the consumer and to our brands versus strong competitors that we have in the area. So you'll see a balance between both, but it's not a new capability. It's something that we've been executing for a long time. We're perfecting that as we use leverage, the data and the information that we have. And we have more precise executional tools versus more broad based execution that we might have had in the past. So I think it's a capability that we keep optimizing, but it will be critical in us driving the business performance in the coming years. Now when it comes to the margin, maybe Jamie, you want to cover that one? We put Frito margin in the context of overall PepsiCo, so maybe Jamie, you want to talk about how we approach margin.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes. So Andrea, we're managing the margin at a total portfolio level at this point. And with Frito, our focus right now is on stimulating consumer demand, doing it in a responsible, disciplined way. And -- but overall, we're focused on the total PepsiCo margin. Over time, I think when the consumer gets a little more healthy and the business accelerates, we can put a little more emphasis on managing the margin. But for right now, we're really focused on the consumer and stimulating demand.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, this year is a good example of how we're able to invest in Frito, whilst expanding PepsiCo margin, meaningfully and substantially. And I think that's the way you should think about the way we will run the business in the near future.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the question. I just wanted to ask a higher level question, then a follow-up on the line of questioning that Andrea was approaching. The higher level question, Ramon, as you begin to make pricing investments into this portfolio and other strategic investments as you had outlined for Frito-Lay, you'll be getting to see the sort of traction that you're getting or not. And I just wonder if your assessment of the slowdown that we're seeing is entirely cyclical, said another way. This is purely about value equations or are you seeing any consumption habits which may feel more structural or secular that are moving away from the business? I wonder if the Siete acquisition is a nod to how you see the direction of travel in this business over time. And if I could just one follow up on the line of questioning about total company margins, just from a productivity standpoint, are there any divisions where you feel better about your productivity initiatives? Clearly, Frito profit was under pressure this quarter despite you're going to be expanding programs. So, are the international and PBNA productivity programs -- is visibility there just quite good? And so anyway, just an expansion on your visibility on cost offsets for the investments that are coming in Frito. Thanks for entertaining both of those.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Great questions both. Let me start with the margins and then I'll get back to the long-term growth of the food business. On the margins, we've declared very clearly that one of the strategic goals that we have is to keep improving the margins of our beverage business in the U.S. I think we're on track. Great performance by Ram and the team in improving the efficiency of the business, managing the portfolio towards high margin segments. And the business grew margin last year meaningfully and it will grow margin this year meaningfully and we see a good line of sight to our intentions of the mid-teens margins in a couple of years in PBNA. So that is working. The same internationally, you've seen the margin improvement international. That's driven by scale, but also by efficiency and productivity efforts by all our teams across our key markets, and that will continue. So those two are meaningful margin expansion opportunities for PepsiCo that we will continue to put our focus and deliver as we have a more balanced approach to the margins of the company. And we should be able to expand our margins, we're investing in the future of the company and providing value to consumers. So those three levers, we feel good about that. I didn't think about PBNA and international as the two contributors to how PepsiCo continues to expand its margins in a responsible way in the coming years. Now when it comes to the food business, your question on strategic transformation of the portfolio, we have been working for many, many years on evolving our portfolio with the trends of the markets. And these trends are different in different parts of the world, but clearly the consumer has been moving in some parts of the world towards looking for more permissible snacks or going into more unstructured meals. Those two are big levers of growth for us long term. One is, yes, we are providing consumers with better options to fulfill their needs for either a treat or any other occasion, a social gathering or whatever the occasion is on the snacks, and we feel good about the way our R&D has improved, the way our portfolio offerings have improved in providing permissibility in the category. And we see that in the penetration of the category. We see it in the frequency. And we don't think that's going to be changing for the long term. The big opportunity we see, and that is very visible in developed markets, but also in some of the developing markets, is consumers are changing their eating habits and they're eating more calories in small portions throughout the day. The concept of mini meals, the concept of replacing a big meal with a smaller meal, you can think about a sabra hummus with a Tostitos and a banana. These kind of meals are becoming more and more popular. Especially if you think about Gen Z, they are using these mini meals much more than we used to have -- we used to use it in our equivalent age. So we see the positive trends for the category. We're leaning in with innovation there. We're going to be moving our brands more into those spaces because there are a lot of occasions that our brands belong in and that we'll be able to satisfy consumers in that space. So, yes, health and wellness and we're ready and we've been moving the portfolio in that direction. Yes, unstructured meals, mini meals, and we're moving the portfolio in that direction. Your assessment is right. The acquisition of Siete hopefully will give us another tool to capture both permissible occasions and entering to meals in a way that is sustainable long term. But there are many other brands in the portfolio that can play in both of those spaces.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. First off, I was wondering if you can give us a report card on the Gatorade transition? And then related to that, perhaps if you could discuss the DSD system in general in PBNA, and whether through all the great work that you guys have been doing for the last couple of years, have you been able to re-engineer the system so that perhaps it's less volume dependent than it was in the past, and that is part of your path to the mid-teen margins in a few years. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Great question. So on Gatorade, we feel good about Gatorade. Clearly, we learned last year and we've executed better this year. I'm sure that if you ask our customers, they would still think that we have way to improve, and I would agree. So our service levels have improved meaningfully, but still opportunities will get better as we go. The output of that improvement, we've seen shares of -- share of market of Gatorade in the sport category going up and within is a sustainable share performance. So that on one side. Along with Gatorade, the one brand that is performing beautifully for us is Propel, and Propel is part of also this transformation. Propel is growing double digit, it's fulfilling some great spaces for consumers complementary to Gatorade and it is benefiting as well by the execution that we are putting in place. So we feel good about that. It is improving somehow the economics of our DSD system in some states where we had lower scale with our soft drinks and other parts of the portfolio. That's a good move overall. With regards to the productivity journey on PBNA, go-to-market is clearly an opportunity and we're optimizing a lot of variables both in our warehousing, our transportation, our delivery models that will be sources of productivity going forward. But not only, right? We're seeing that we can also be more efficient in many other parts in how we procure. We can be more efficient in how we invest in demand. We can be more efficient in many areas in the PB&A business. And that's why I said earlier, we feel good about the trajectory of the business. We feel good about profitable growth. We feel good about how this business can get to this platform of mid-teens operating margin that would be great for PepsiCo and it would be great for obviously our beverage business in North America as well.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. So Ramon, just sticking with North America beverages, maybe we can pivot and get an update on the energy drink category, where you brought in the portfolio strategy here in recent years, not lost on your course, like salty snacks in the US, the category remains surprisingly weak. So a couple questions please. One, maybe just some updated thoughts on the energy drinks category and what the recovery there may look like? And then two, perhaps just comment on the sharp slowdowns that we've seen with Celsius market share and your ability for that brand to regain its lost momentum in the Pepsi system? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Kevin. Listen, I think the energy needs stayed by consumers in the US and everyone in the world will continue for the foreseeable future. I think everybody needs a bit of an energy boost throughout the day, and so that needs stayed will remain and I think it's going to be up to manufacturers or brand owners like us to satisfy those needs, whether it's through soft drinks, through coffee, through tea, through energy drinks. I think that opportunity remains and that opportunity will continue to be an opportunity for innovation and from brand investment. So on the short term and how different segments of the category play out, I think the energy category in the U.S. is clearly being impacted by the traffic inconvenience stores, and traffic inconvenience stores has gone down. It's been going down. I think it's part of the economic cycle that we're in. And that will reverse itself in the future once consumers feel better. So I wouldn't overplay the long-term of the energy category. With regards to Celsius, I'll say the same as I said in the past. We like the partnership. We are delivering on our part of the partnership, our distribution points are going up, our service levels keep going up, so we're executing our part of the partnership with discipline and high standards, and we remain optimistic on the partnership. So thank you very much everybody for the questions and the dialogue. And obviously, thank you for the confidence that you've placed with PepsiCo with your investment. We hope that you all stay safe and healthy and look forward to seeing you around. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-11 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos 2024 Second Quarter Earnings question-and answer-session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until its your turn to ask a question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and updated 2024 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, July 11, 2024, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our second quarter 2024 earnings release and second quarter 2024 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Caulfield. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning, guys.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, I just wanted to focus on the implied organic sales growth guidance in the back half of the year of mid-single digits to get to the approximate 4% guidance. You've obviously had a great longer term track record, Ramon, under your tenure, but in this softer U.S. consumer environment we've seen low single-digit growth in the last couple of quarters. So what gives you confidence at the corporate level you can get back there? And specifically. I wanted to dial down into Frito-Lay North America, which is presumably a piece of that. Obviously, a pretty soft volume result in Q2, you had taken some initial actions. So, help us understand the incremental actions from here. What gives you confidence you get a volume payback and a top line payback from that? And how sort of Frito-Lay North America fits into that -- that implied top line recovery also.
Ramon Laguarta: That's great, Dara. So I think it's an important area to focus. When we're saying at least four, we were talking more about around five in our minds. Now we're talking around four, so that's the pivot we're making. There is an adjustment and it is related to specifically the consumer in the U.S., and we can talk a little more. Now, why do we feel good about our guidance? And it cannot be disconnected from our earnings performance, because I think the work we've been doing on our productivity and our cost reduction gives us the optionality to reinvest back in half two in a way that we feel much more comfortable about the performance. So, a couple of, I would say, elements that give us confidence. Now, one is Quaker. Quaker, you're all familiar with the situation. We're recovering the supply chain by Q4, will be in almost 100% supply and obviously the business at that point will be growing materially, because we're just refilling the shelves and pipeline. So that should be out of the picture and it will be a positive impact for us. The second is mathematical, but it's lapping, and we think it -- obviously, the laps are much better in second half, and that has a -- gives us confidence that we can get back to a mid-single digit type of growth in the second half. The third element is international. International is an area we've been investing for the last few years materially, and is delivering for us. So first half of the year 7%, within that -- we will continue that same level of growth in the second half of the year, pluses on minuses around the world. But the portfolio is diverse enough, scale enough, profitable enough around multiple parts of the world that we believe that we can deliver. And then now in the U.S. there is clearly a consumer that is more challenged, and is a consumer that is telling us that in particular parts of the portfolio -- of our portfolio, they want more value to stay with our brands. That is not for all the consumers, it is some consumers, that is not for not all portfolio, it is some parts of the portfolio, and we have been working different tactics to give the consumer what they want, and we see that is working, and that's why we feel comfortable about -- given the oxygen that we have in the P&L that we'll be able to deploy in a very targeted way, thinking long-term about the category, making sure that has -- it has good ROI, that we'll be able to turn around the -- especially, what you were referring, the food business to positive volume, and with that, a higher level of net revenue. So that's how we're thinking about the second half. Again, we have green charts with some of the activities we've been executing. And July 4th has been very strong for us, and we feel good about the business. Now, the North America beverage business is also to be highlighted. It's a business that we said over time we want to stay with -- deliver profitable growth, make sure we compete well in the category, but at the same time improve our margins. We think we're executing the playbook well. Actually, we've been accelerating the profitable growth delivery of the business, and that it should continue in the second half. We're investing in advertising and marketing even more, in the platforms that are growing, and that's what, overall, if we put it all together, we feel good about the second half of the year and the momentum that we will start 2025 with that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I actually had a question on PBNA. Ramon, I know you just touched on a bit, but I'd be curious to hear. If you're satisfied with some of the progress you might be making to reinvigorate the business, and maybe what green shoots you are seeing within PBNA? And then, I guess, I'm hoping for some color on the initiatives you highlighted in terms of the disciplined commercial investments, should we assume this will also mean a potential step up in promos for PBNA? And do you maybe see a need for some brand repositioning? Are there structural opportunities? Essentially, what will be the drivers to reaccelerate growth at PBNA? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, it's good. Bonnie, I'll give you a couple of data points that I think are relevant. Gatorade, for example, has been gaining share. This year, year-to-date meaningfully is accelerating. That's a core part of our portfolio and a very profitable part of our portfolio. So that's one data point. We've been investing in Gatorade. Not so much on, as you were saying, promos and discount, but more on innovation, execution and branding. And that's paying back. The same with Propel. So all that functional hydration space, I think it's a focus for us. It's always been a focus, but now I think that part of the portfolio is working well. I think some of the G2DSD challenges that we had last year are behind us. I don't think we're all the way to perfection there, but much better service levels in this early part of the summer, which obviously -- that's when the category peaks and where we have to be ready for perfection. So that part is clear. If you think about the other brand, we've been talking for some time, Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew is on growth. Now it's back to growth. I think we made this strategic decision to have multiple flavors driving the brand and made Baja a structural part of the portfolio versus yes, an LTO, that's driving consumers into the brand, incremental consumers. And again, better levels of execution. So just some example. All the Zero part of the portfolio is booming, right? If you think about consumer trends, clearly we know where they're going, we know that internationally, and we know that's going to eventually happen here in the U.S. So Zero not only on colas, not only on soft drinks, but also on Gatorade, on cheese, on coffees, we're seeing that consumers are growing. And then the last part is our food service business is becoming stronger and we're being better at where the profitability is, which is on the fragmented restaurant, local restaurant, and where consumers have a lot of interaction every day. And that part of the portfolio, we've been investing. We're getting additional distribution. We know we're becoming a better execution company in that particular channel, and we're feeling good about that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. Ramon, I wanted to go back to Frito, if I may. Because you commented on some consumers, and being more value to stay with our brands. But one thing we've been doing a lot in trying to parse through the data that's available to us, and it looks like its the category -- the salty snack category as a whole is really pressured. It's not just your brands, and I know given your share, there's sort of one in the same, but it looks like there's a broader category issue. Again, some of the data we've looked at, it feels like the category is not proving terribly responsive to promotion. So I just was hoping you could comment on that, if that is or isn't consistent with what you're seeing? And how what you're going to be doing will be different? Because, again, what we've seen so far, it doesn't look like there's a lot of response and it feels like the category is proving more discretionary. So just love your thoughts on that? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I think -- we feel that the issue is an issue of value, is not an issue of anything else. And we have a lot of data, obviously now how do you address that value gap versus what consumers want to do. I think it's the -- it's where the know-how will come. And the sweet spot for us is not to promote, but is to promote to who needs it, in the products that need it versus a blanket approach to promotion. So that's where we're investing a lot of time. I think we're much more capable from the insights and diagnostic point of view and also from our ability to execute more granularly all these interventions, be it digital, be it with particular channels or customers. To give you an example. We feel that the unsalted part of our portfolio, right? If you think about potato chips or tortilla chips, that needs some value reset and value intervention for some consumers. When we think about flavor potato chips or other parts of our portfolio. No, I mean consumers are staying in the category, are staying in our brands, and they're buying with pretty high frequency as in the past. There are other parts of the portfolio that are growing, growing very fast, especially the permissible part of what we call permissible portfolio positive choices, this is a -- when you think about brands like SunChips, PopCorners, Smartfood, or the Simply range of the Eaten Path, those brands are growing. And there its not about value, there I think it's more about and the way we're going to approach its more marketing, investment, awareness, execution, availability. So there's different tools that we'll be using to drive the category growth. To your point on, is it the category? Is it PepsiCo brands? I think given our massive participation in the category through many multiple brands, I think it's our responsibility to manage this category for the long-term, providing value to consumers in different ways and continue to have the savory snacks category growing above food structurally as we have done in the past. Now, there is nothing in terms of consumer -- long-term trends that tells us that that's not possible. I think it's a small adjustments in value and in execution and in investment in new innovation areas that will drive it, and we feel very strong about our ability to do that, not in the long-term, but actually in the short-term, in Q3 and Q4. And that's why our guidance reflects a little bit that inflection because we're already testing and executing some of these levers and we see the returns it has in volume and net revenue.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with BofA. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Thanks, operator. Good morning, Ramon. Good morning, Jamie.
Ramon Laguarta: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Just wanted to circle back on Frito. And I guess stepping back, you're able to sort of reset the margins and fund it with just drilling deeper into some of the reservoirs of productivity other places in the organization. So I guess just if you can comment on two things related to that. One, given that you're tapping more productivity this year, does it -- how does that affect next year? Does that affect maybe not having as much productivity to flow through, or is that reservoir very deep. And then the second is, as we are thinking about Frito margins stepping back in the back half of the year, should we be thinking about that now as the new base to maybe grow off of gradually, or is that a major step down, and then you'd expect Frito to have another maybe step change up in the future?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So, Bryan, let me tell you, I think we've talked about this in the past. We're managing total PepsiCo operating margin and as you've seen, we keep improving the margin. This quarter was almost 100 bps of operating margin improvement, and it's been consistent for the last few years. We feel good about our productivity pipeline, its not tactical, it's super strategic and it's multiyear and it's based on automation, it's based on digitalization, simplification of the company, standardization, different service models to the business. So there is a whole portfolio of productivity ideas that are multiyear in nature and we don't think that we will slow down our productivity in the coming years. Now, as you think about our overall margin, international has continued to grow its margin. PBNA has been very vocal from our side that we want to have that business going -- moving into mid-teens, and we're delivered on that. And we've always said that the big value of Frito for us is not so much whether it's a 26 or 26.5 or 27.5, that is very relevant, I would say. It's always tremendous acquitted for us long-term, and the biggest value creation for Frito is to make sure that it grows at a 4% or 5% levels, and that is going to be our -- continues to be our strategic focus. How do we get Frito to continue to grow above the category, make the category very healthy in terms of growth, keep bringing consumers occasions and channel -- new opportunities for channel expansion to Frito, and that will continue to be our focus. We'll keep investing until we get it right. We're going to -- we feel good about getting it right rather soon. And that's the way we'll keep managing the overall profitability of the company. And Frito, PBNA, and international, in particular, with different sub-strategies, and obviously that triggers down to every market around the world when you talk about international, but we have very good playbook for every country and every line of business in every country, expectations on profitability and roadmaps to deliver that kind of growth.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Do you believe that the prices at Frito are too high, given the increases over recent years?
Ramon Laguarta: Do you think Kaumil? I think I kind of touched on the point earlier, but some parts of the portfolio need value adjustments, some parts of the portfolio don't. Some parts of the portfolio need to be -- for particular consumers we need some new entry price points and probably some new promotional kind of mechanics that don't spec for the consumer to invest so much cash in a purchase of salty, so there's adjustments that we have to make to -- for certain consumers some parts of the portfolio. I don't think the overall portfolio is -- needs a reset. I think this is going to be about granularity, it's going to be about good execution of that granularity, and that's what I think we're well prepared to do throughout the full value chain. So, yes, there is some value to be given back to consumers after three or four years of a lot of inflation. Our cost allows us to do that wherever we choose to do. And that will be one of the interventions that we'll be making in the second half, but not the only one. I mean, there's going to be investments in marketing. There's going to be investments in better execution. That overall will drive the business -- the business growth to where we think it will be structurally in the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So I was hoping to get some color on Latin America. Organic revenue was the weakest we've seen in some time here, and I think in the prepared remarks Brazil and Mexico seems solid. So just curious, kind of what drove the weakness in the quarter? And then, Ramon, just as we look ahead, you mentioned you still expect strong growth from international in the back half of the year. How does Latin America fit into that equation? Would you anticipate improvement, or should we expect more muted performance to continue? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: No, I think -- again, I would look at LatAm and all the international business in like six months rather than a three months and three months. There's a lot of moving pieces between first quarter, second quarter, Chinese New Year. In particular, the LatAm situation in our case is related to Mexico. And Mexico because of the elections there have been some changes in disposable income given to the families by the government that created some, I would say some abnormalities in the way those funds were distributed, and that's impacted demand in Mexico in the last -- what we're seeing in the last three weeks in Mexico that as those funds have been given back to consumers again, that the demand has come back to our categories. So we don't foresee any issue in LatAm. LatAm, again, I mean, value continues to be a factor as it's always been in LatAm. We'll see plus and minuses between the different countries. But as a region, LatAm continues to be a high performing region for us, where we keep developing the categories and we keep expanding our margins and building scale businesses not only in Mexico and Brazil, but across multiple markets.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So just staying on the international business. Ramon, you sounded pretty confident on the growth in international. Maybe you can talk more about, like what regions do you see the greater growth potential in that business? And going back to the question on guidance on top line for the second half, is the improvement in organic sales mainly driven by an improvement in North America or an acceleration in international? If you can give some color there would be helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Filippo. Hi. You should assume that most of the incremental acceleration of the business comes from mostly North America, right? And the two factors I mentioned, Quaker will get back to growth, the laps get better for North America, and then some of the interventions we're making both in value and in additional A&M should drive additional volume. Those are the three factors. Internationally, we're assuming that the rate of growth for the first half will continue in the second half. And again, we're seeing parts of the portfolio -- accelerating parts of the portfolio kind of stabilizing, some of them being a little bit softer. But overall the portfolio at this point is broad enough. We have enough scale across multiple markets that we're kind of hedged geographically. So that's what we're assuming and what we're seeing that per caps growth of the category will continue. We continue to invest meaningfully incremental funds to both execution and brand development, and we don't see any reason why not. Of course, it could be big geopolitical reasons why we change our mind later in the year. But with the information we have today about geopolitics and stability of countries, that's our best guess today.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. A couple of questions. One is, I was hoping you'd give a little more color on the energy drinks category, growth has slowed dramatically in the U.S. And just wanted to get your perspective and ask like, do you think that the consumer there are making a value decision as well? There's a lot of premium price drinks there. Do you see any evidence of trading down to maybe higher caffeine carbonated drinks? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Listen, I think fundamentally the energy category continues to provide long-term good prospects for our industry. I think it's a consumer need that will continue to be there and whether we are able to satisfy that through multiple options, that will continue to grow. There's always small ups and downs of subcategories within LRB that you could argue. Is it because of channel dynamics? Is it because it's very hard and people are moving to other parts of the portfolio? Like we're seeing, for example, in our case in the recent six weeks a massive growth in our hydration portfolio because, obviously, it's been very hot in the U.S. So I guess there is some cannibalization between energy and hydration for some consumers, and they prefer to do that. So, I wouldn't overread into the short-term of the category. I would try to think about this as a consumer needs energy, if we're able to provide energy in a consumer friendly way, including price, probably as you mentioned, but I would say functionality, clean labels, I mean like a lot of the things that I think the categories been working on, there should be a good runway for that segment of the category, and it's been value creating for a lot of us that participate in it, including the retailer partners and the brand owners.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, Ramon, Jamie. My question is on the bridge to the mid-single digit organic sales growth in the second half. Assuming international, Ramon you just mentioned it grows the same kind of mid-single digits into the second half. And, of course, understanding the easy comps for Quaker. It still implies a good inflection into Frito and PBNA. How do you think, like we should be thinking about the progress? And perhaps related to that, from a channel perspective the away from home for you growing from what it seems to be like a distribution, what is the like-for-like in sales, basically by channel, if you would think about away from home and at home?
Jamie Caulfield: Andrea, it's Jamie. On the acceleration in the back half, as Ramon mentioned, that's going to come mostly from North America for the reasons we cited and we're making the investment, primarily focused North America, we've got the easier lapse. And Quaker, so that gives us a lot of confidence. On channels, look, away from home has been a focus area for us. We put investment behind that and it's outgrowing the balance of our portfolio, so we'd expect that to continue.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, I know you mentioned international to be looked at on six-month cadence. I was wondering, however, if you could comment on some specific regions just in Europe. Why to your mind have trends been so resilient? I don't think it's just your portfolio, I think the region in general has been more resilient for longer than many expected. And then in Asia, I think you were clear last quarter that there were some timing benefit. Clearly we saw that normalize this quarter. What's the right run rate for this division? And do you have any comments on the progress in China? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So listen, again, we're looking at international as a portfolio of geographies and markets, and we see the portfolio kind of when it's not growing so much here -- so at the end historically, we've learned that the portfolio is quite diversified and that gives us the opportunity to talk about an international business as a total. Obviously, we run the business locally. Now, when you go down to different parts of the world. Europe is resilient and is resilient in -- our business has been performing very well, both on top line and share and very importantly, in margin improvement, and that has been a focus of the management team for quite some time. We're getting a lot of traction. That's also giving the business the opportunity to reinvest, which also, obviously, drives the top line. And I think Europe in our case, is in a very positive cycle, which we expect to continue in the coming years. Now, I talked about Latin America, so I will not mention much. We continue to see a lot of growth in many parts of AMESA region, in particular, India is a big growth space for us, and is an investment area for sure. The opportunity is massive. If you think, it will take a decade perspective, and we're putting infrastructure on the ground and we're putting a lot of -- we are investing in the brands, make sure that we build the scale to capture what is going to be, I think a high demand market for many, many years. Then when it comes to Asia, we're seeing a very cautious consumer in China. The consumer is clearly saving more than spending, and that has an implication for many categories. Our categories is a low ticket item, so we continue to see good performance of our categories, and we're gaining share. It's quite an advantage business what we have in China, especially on the food sides. And we continue to invest in different regions of the country. We continue to get more penetration, additional distribution, that has been a big driver. So additional penetration, additional consumers coming to our brands, coming to the habit of snacking, and that has been very positive. So in spite of a cautious consumer, we have levers to continue to grow the business. Some of that physical availability, some of that is share of market and better penetration of our brands. I think we have advantage products there. We have a very strong R&D center in China that develops is for east products, and that is giving us an advantage versus other companies. So that's how we're seeing the different parts of the world. And again, we'll continue to invest. For us, this is a business that, if you think about our international business, it's almost $40 billion already, right? So it's been growing very fast over time. It's almost $40 billion, it's accretive to PepsiCo. It's higher margin than the average of PepsiCo, and it's clearly the largest growth opportunity for our company if you think about the next decade, and that's where we are putting so much focus, so much investment. We believe that we -- both on the beverage side and on the food side we have a many years of growth in that particular part of the business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I want to look at a more structural, strategic type question. And that is to get your thoughts around the Carlsberg Britvic transaction. And maybe talk a little bit why perhaps it made more sense for Carlsberg to buy Britvic rather than you, given the fact that you generally own your bottlers in the U.S., why not Britvic? Does that have any implications in terms of how you're thinking about the U.S. bottlers. And does the fact that maybe combining beer and CSDs makes more sense outside of the U.S., obviously for regulatory reasons. How should we think about that component? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I wouldn't extrapolate too much. This is a decision by Carlsberg to make an investment in the UK business. It makes a lot of sense for Carlsberg for multiple reasons. And we partner with Carlsberg in other geographies. We are very happy with the partnership. We trust them as a partner to grow our business. And, of course, we supported the transaction. So I wouldn't over extrapolate it. Let's make it a UK decision by Carlsberg, and we decided to endorse the transaction because we have a great relationship with Carlsberg, and we trust them.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Carlos Laboy with HSBC. Your line is open.
Carlos Laboy: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, in keeping with the last two comments you've made in the Britvic deal, can you discuss the international franchise doctrine of PepsiCo? In other words, how are you thinking in terms of clarity of what each side is supposed to do and allowed to keep, right? I'm trying to get a sense of how you're compelling independent bottlers in these great growth territories that you see to step up investments for the purpose of accelerated system revenue growth and bottling returns?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Carlos. Listen, we're very pleased with the relationship we have with most of the bottlers and the strategic alignment. Actually, our international beverage business has been one of the growth engines of the company for the last few years. So we keep innovating and building great products that have consumer appeal, and specifically we've been very successful with our non-sugar business internationally. Our non-sugar Pepsi has been a great driver of growth for many years. Gatorade is also another great platform that we are moving around. So the last is growing 10% historically, and we will continue to invest. Now are there other opportunities to scale up some of our bottlers. Of course, there's always opportunities to improve the infrastructure, and we're working on that for the long-term, but I think this is a part of our business that is going well. It's a part of our business that we are prepared to invest even more. The bottlers know we obviously are very aligned statistically on which markets and which platforms we're going to put our focus and our investments. And I think, as I said, is part of our international story that I was referring to earlier. There's a food story and there's a beverage story, and there's a combination of the two story in some markets that we're playing long-term. So hopefully I'm answering your question. I don't know if you had some other kind of implications there.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, I was hoping you can just kind of share some perspective around overall food volume, right? Because a lot of questions have been asked about where's the volume going? It's not just salty snacks that's been under pressure, it's pretty much across the board in terms of volumes. And so I was just curious on your thoughts. I don't think it's GLP-1, I know that's what some might suggest, but love your views on kind of where you think the volume is actually migrating?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, listen. Nik, I don't know about all the categories. I know that for many categories the multiple year inflation that we had to take because our input cost went up, has created some perception and some reality in a lot of households that food is expensive and consumers are making choices. And they can make choices to cook versus buy finished goods or finished products, or they can make a lot of decisions around how they spend their money and how do they feed themselves every day with the lowest budget. And I think that's the fundamental question to address for the food companies. Now that our cost are kind of normalizing, our input cost, and we've all been going at productivity in our case, this has been a very, very strategic focus for us. Now, how do we deploy those resources against what are the best levers to reignite growth? And again, it will not be a blanket approach, it will be a segmented approach. In our case, it will be very rational, it will based on data. I think we have a lot of data, and we have great segmentation. And I think we can execute with again, with precision so that we don't destroy value where we create value for the category as we increase the net revenue of the category. So that's how we're thinking about it. I don't think GLP at this point, Nik, as material impact in our category for sure, and we have a lot of panels and we have a lot of conversation with consumers, it's not impacting us. At this point is an economic value relationship for our categories, and we will address them in the second half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from -- one moment -- comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Covered a lot of ground, and not to beat a dead horse, but just to drill down a couple of areas, Ramon, if we could on the demand weakness in snack. So you mentioned some parts of the portfolio, but not all consumers. I apologize if I missed this. What are you seeing beyond the low income consumer? It's a lot of focus on where's the consumer and depends on which management call you're listening to or what industry frankly. What are you seeing specifically with the middle and high-end consumer? Is the weakness also being seen among that cohort as well? And then I think an important question as well, is there anything you're seeing in your market research? I know you're staying close to the consumer that gives you any pause with the longer term outlook for the Frito business, which has been so strong for so long. Is there anything there that kind of gives you pause or you do this to be entirely transitory? So thanks for that.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, thanks Kevin. Listen, I think the -- this need for value or more value consciousness I think is impacting every household in the U.S. So it is different levels of income, I think it's impacting everybody. And we're seeing behaviors in different income levels. I would aggregate all that -- the consumer is much more price conscious, is looking for more value across. So maybe you see the higher income consumers that they're not going to expensive restaurants, they're adjusting their behavior to more affordable restaurants, or they stay at home and then they create their own entertainment moments or fun moments at home. So do you see different behaviors happening everywhere, I think the connecting line it would be, the consumer is more cautious, the consumer is more choiceful, but the consumer is willing to spend in areas where they see value and we see it in our category, right, the more -- the parts of the category there I was referring to. But also for other parts of the category, they're asking for more value and they're willing to compromise in some of their decisions. So that's the problem to address. So I would stay there and I think once we address that situation, we will be back in growth, and we feel pretty good about the tools and the resources we have and the actions that we're taking and we're quite encouraged by recent performance of the business. Okay. So I think we -- this is the last question. So thank you, everyone, for joining us today and your thoughtful questions. And also, obviously, for the confidence that you've placed in us with your investments, and we hope everybody has a great summer, and do buy a lot of PepsiCo products, so thank you.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's 2024 First Quarter Earnings question-and-answer session. Your lines are being placed on listen-only until it's your turn to ask the question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and 2024 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, April 23rd, 2024, and we are under no obligation to update them. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our first quarter 2024 earnings release and first quarter 2024 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Caulfield. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey guys, good morning.
Ravi Pamnani: Goof morning Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So, really strong international profit results for the third quarter in a row here. Can you just take a step back, Ramon, and maybe give us some perspective on that international performance over the last few quarters? And, A, just looking forward, short-term, how confident are you in the sustainability of that in the balance of the year? But, B, also just long-term as you think about international development over the last few quarters give us some perspective looking out over the next few years, both from a top line perspective and then the margin flow through? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Thank you, Dara. And yes we're very pleased with the performance of international businesses in Q1, but also in the last few quarters, as you mentioned. And this has been an area of investment for us now for a few years, both in snacks and in beverages and trying to build scaled businesses in most of the markets where the scale in terms of population and profitable growth. So, I feel very good about our ability to continue to outperform our categories in international and to keep our categories growing both food and beverages in the future. Our innovation is strong. Our ability to understand local rituals and local food and beverage occasions is better than ever. We are adapting our portfolio to that. Our ability to attract the best talent in the markets where we participate and build really capable teams is better than ever. We've been investing in capacity. We're -- right now, we're in the process of opening factories in Vietnam and in China and in India and in Mexico, and we just opened one in Poland. So we keep expanding our manufacturing and our go-to-market capabilities in those markets. So we feel good, and I think that it's going to continue to be a big source of growth for us. As we mentioned in CAGNY, I think our international business is already $36 billion and it's growing at a very high single-digit level and with very good profitability. So it is part of the future growth story for PepsiCo for sure.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
BonnieHerzog: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had a question on Frito-Lay op margins, which were a little soft in the quarter. So hoping you could talk through some of the key puts and takes on your margins in the quarter and then moving forward? And then is it realistic to assume Frito-Lay's op margins will expand in 2024? And I'm thinking about that in the context of commodity cost pressures easing a bit, or how do we think about your level of reinvestment as these cost savings maybe in an effort to drive faster top line growth? And then ultimately, curious to hear if Frito-Lay margins can ultimately return to the low 30% range? And if so, by when, how do we think about that? Thank you.
JamieCaulfield: Hey, Bonnie, it's Jamie here. How are you? Yeah on Frito, when you look at the Q1 profit, the thing to keep in mind is last year, we're lapping 24% growth in the first quarter of last year. I think we had 180 basis points of margin improvement last year. And we don't want to push the P&L that hard. The growth last year, growth this year, part of that has to do with investment timing, the flow of productivity. But I think you'll see margin improvement over time at Frito, but this is a business that has very healthy margins already, and we want to make sure that we're investing back in the business to sustain growth.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Bonnie. I think on top of what Jamie said, for the long term, the key goal for Frito in the US is to continue to grow the salty, savory category at a very high rate and continue to get occasions from other parts of macro snacks into the savory and from meals into savory, and continue to gain share of that category as it has been doing and including Q1. So that's the ultimate goal. Because that, if you think about the high margin that we have in that business and the impact it would have in the overall PepsiCo margins, that's the role that Frito-Lay has in the portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with BofA. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Ramon, I guess, a question on PBNA and specifically on Gatorade and Mountain Dew. The volumes are still -- with Gatorade noticeably weak in the quarter. And so can you just talk about, one, how much in the quarter might have been affected by the weather? And then second, I guess, as we're thinking about volume recovery for the whole for the enterprise at PBNA, just what's on tap for both Mountain Dew and Gatorade to stabilize the volume trend?
Ramon Laguarta: That's good, Bryan. Just actually we feel good about those two brands. Those two brands actually gained share in Q1, so Mountain Dew and Gatorade, in their own category. So that's a meaningful good performance, I would say. Now Gatorade, as you mentioned, a little bit of weather impact. So we're not concerned about Gatorade this year as the weather improves, I think we have the right investments, the right commercial programs. Our G2DSD was impactful to us last year operationally. I think we've learned a lot on how to deal with a very high seasonality product and category and give the better service to our customers and maintain the product in stock and available. So we feel good about we have the platform to take Gatorade to higher market share in a faster growing category. Now with regards to Dew, the launch of bubly burst has been very, very good to the brand. We launched it as a permanent additional flavor to the portfolio early in the year. It's been obviously successful. We knew it was a successful LTR and therefore, it's a successful permanent product. And it's been bringing incremental consumers to the brand and help us gain share now. Obviously, we will keep investing in the portfolio and the brand, and we have strong programs for the summer. Hopefully, that will deliver as we expect, and we'll continue to build Mountain Dew in the category. So feeling good about those two brands.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, good morning. In the prepared remarks, I noticed in the discussion of PBNA and plans to improve profitability there. There were two new bullets. The first two talking about deemphasizing certain product and package combinations and the second around revenue management and increasingly precise consumer value proposition. So I was curious if you could just -- I know there's new management for that business as well. So I would love to get a little bit more color maybe around those two points? I thought would be helpful. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Lauren, I think the -- I don't know, maybe we have put a bit more detail, but the intentionality was always there. And I mentioned last time on the last couple of calls that we're making choices in PBNA in terms of making sure that we deliver profitable growth, and we'll continue to make those choices emphasizing the parts of the portfolio where there is a better return on the investments for us and eliminating those parts of the portfolio where the margins are not that attractive and they're going to get probably not that better over time. So we've been referring to categories like packed water or some of the less profitable take-home formats, where we will be making choices. We feel good about both the productivity at PBNA under margin expansion of PBNA. And we feel that, that will continue based on the ideas that we have and the organizational focus that the team has been putting under the new management, but also the old management in PBNA. There's much more focus on becoming a better operating machine in the supply chain and sales and expanding the margin. So, we feel good about PBNA margin expansion and profitable growth delivery this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning. Thank you. So, Ramon, if you can please comment on the overall consumption and in particular for snacks and how consumer behavior evolved in the context of your comments about normalization? And then a clarification for Jamie, on the margin outlook. On the prepared remarks, you mentioned a more benign commodities environment, but that has recently changed in particular, for oil and looking at DSD. Hoping to get some clarification on the diesel impact or this is going to be more further down and perhaps not even impacting 2024? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So, listen, Andrea hi. The -- I would say the consumer globally, we think is very resilient. And we see it in, as you saw from our international business performance. And it's basically supported by two facts, very low unemployment or quite low unemployment globally and wages growing at a good pace in majority of the countries where we participate. So, those two things make us feel quite good about the consumer. Now, when you double click, there is probably two areas that were -- that probably surface. One is Chinese consumers. I think Chinese consumers are being very cautious and we're seeing the savings rate really going very high in China. Our category is still resilient in China, but especially we're delivering growth through share of market gains in China. So, that's a good performance by the team, but an area of watch out for us. The other double-click is in the, I would say, the lower income consumer in the U.S. The lower income consumer in the U.S. is stretched, is making a lot of -- he is strategizing a lot to make their budgets get to the end of the month. And that's a consumer that is choosing what to buy, where to buy and making a lot of choices. That's a consumer that we're emphasizing in our commercial programs. I think we're learning how best to keep that consumer in our categories and the frequency that we want that consumer, and we are pivoting our commercial plans, our innovation, giving that consumer the right innovation, the right value in different parts of the month through different channels, digital and physical. Making sure that the ROI on the investments are the best ROIs. So, those two are the consumers that I would say we're paying more attention in terms of specific commercial programs. But I would say the consumer is very resilient everywhere else. And our teams, I think, are pivoting to maintain our brands top of mind in their baskets at the frequency that we want and continue to gain market share. So, this applies to beverages and to snacks. Your question was more on snacks, but I think it applies to both categories. So, I know Jamie on.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes. Andrea, on commodities, really no change in the outlook. A couple of points I just want to emphasize. One is the diversity of the inputs in the basket, so no single commodity accounts for more than 10% of the total. So that diversification kind of smooth things out. And the other point I'd make is we do tend to forward buy and hedge, so that we've got good visibility for the year that helps us with planning the business overall. And so outlook Q2 through Q4, so relatively benign inflation and not a lot of volatility in the rate of inflation quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks operator and good morning, everyone. So I was hoping to get an update on the CELSIUS agreement and kind of just your broader energy drink strategy at this point. In the release, you spoke positively about the partnership, but I think there were some changes to the incentive structure a few weeks back. So maybe first, just any thoughts on how the brand is performing as part of your energy portfolio? And then just like anything you can share in terms of what changed with the agreement? But maybe specifically, how does it really help Pepsi? And maybe what benefit does it provide for CELSIUS, if anything? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you, Peter. I will not talk too much about the agreement other than saying that it's a good alignment of the long-term interest of both companies, and it's great for PepsiCo shareholders. The partnership with CELSIUS is strong, and it's helping us to gain scale in our go-to-market, specifically in some channels where we need volume to justify some of the economics of the call. So that role continues. We're pleased with the partnership. Energy is a fast-growing category, profitable, that is great for our portfolio. So that's what I would say. We remain pleased with the partnership and we'll continue to build the partnership going forward.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. So I wanted to go back to Frito but on the top line trends. Clearly, you guys were setting the toughest comp of the year in Frito-Lay. You mentioned you expect some sequential improvement. So maybe you could talk about volume trajectory, particularly for the business? And Ramon, you spoke in the past about the cycling of this shift towards smaller pack sizes. So maybe you can give us an update on that, and also any potential impact from cycling the reduction in SNAP benefits from last year? Thank you.
Ravi Pamnani: Yeah. I would say the Frito-Lay continues to outperform the category. And as I said earlier, the big opportunity for Frito-Lay is continue to create occasions for our savory category, bringing them from broader macro snacks or snacks and meals overlap, how do we bring more category stores, more occasion store snacking. So those are the two big strategic objectives of Frito-Lay. And all our innovation and pricing and channel mix and everything else is against that large objective and do it faster than others, so that we continue to gain shares. So as we -- as we look at the business performance, as you said, this is the toughest lap. I think last year, we grew 16% in Q1, and that lap is still high in Q2, but then it gets much better than half two. So we should expect a gradual sequential improvement of our volume for Frito-Lay, especially in the second half of the year, and we'll continue to be the guardians of the savory category and make sure it's valued properly, and it generates growth for our customers ahead of what food generates for our customers, and we continue to capture a disproportionate share of that very fast-growing and profitable business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just you mentioned multiple times on gaining share within the category. Could you just give us some -- in multiple regions, can you just give us some context on what the categories are growing or at least what -- maybe what they're expected to grow as you think about the next  next year or so?
Ramon Laguarta: We -- yes, I mean, like what I said is that our goal is always for our categories to grow faster than overall food and beverages. I think that makes us a very attractive partner with our retail partners, and we deliver growth for them. And our categories are profitable. So it's a good combination of growth and profitability for our customers. So that's what we're trying to do. I think our categories will continue to grow faster than food and beverages in the majority of the countries around the world, given the trends on urbanization and the secular trends that we've been talking about both for convenient foods and beverages. So we feel good about that and our commercial programs, innovation and investments are in to deliver that for our partners. Obviously, there's countries around the world where we do better, others we do less well. And our goal is to keep emphasizing the ones we do better and improve the ones that we don't do so well. And that's how we're managing the company.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. The 4% price mix benefit in Frito-Lay North America is pretty impressive in a food industry where there's just not a lot of pricing left. And I imagine a lot of it is from price pack architecture or maybe even consumers shifting to different pack sizes. Can you help delineate a little bit more like what's -- which of those is driving it more than the other? Or if it's about the same? And how do you expect it to evolve for the rest of the year? Do you expect it to be pretty constant?
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Robert. Its Jamie. And its majority is price but theres an element of mix in there. Id put it that probably two-thirds price and one-third mix. And yes, it comment earlier on our inflationary trends would expect them to be fairly moderate for the balance of the year, fairly smooth through the balance of the year. So I wouldn't expect a lot of volatility in that buying revenue relationship.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
RobertOttenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Two kind of follow-ups, if I may. Can you please talk about the spring shelf sets? Is it pretty much done? And how do you feel good about what you're seeing both on the Frito-Lay side and on the beverage side? And I understand on the beverage side, you're discontinuing some SKUs. So are you gaining shelf space where you want to? And then just a follow-up to an earlier question on CELSIUS. Maybe if you can give us an idea of how your energy drink strategy overall is evolving and what's going on with Rockstar, Starbucks, Mountain Dew in terms of the overall energy drink strategy? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Listen, I'll step back a little bit. I would say our customer negotiations have been good and completed all over the world and especially Europe took a bit longer, but it's a very positive impact to our overall, I would say, European business and other parts of the world are less impacted by this type of negotiations -- are good. We feel good, including the US. To your specific question on space gains, I think it's going to be a good reset time for us across snacks and beverages. It's not completed yet. It's way normally I would say, probably another six weeks or so. We're feeling good about where we've seen already reset the performance improvement in the business. So that's good, well done by the commercial teams. So yeah, we feel good overall, and that's why we are reaffirming our guidance to grow at least over 4% in our net revenue for this year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi, everyone. So one question on APAC division. Ramon, I think you were a bit more cautious or balanced on the Chinese consumer and yet double-digit growth in the quarter in China. I just wonder how APAC came in relative to your own expectations that whether there's any timing dynamic here or whether you see these results as perhaps a bit more durable going forward? And if I could just sneak in from the at-home versus away-from-home consumption globally, as you see some of the weaker trends from the lower income consumer, are you seeing any acceleration in that shift, which might be helping your business on a global basis as well? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Two things, thanks. Good questions. I think the APAC performance is a little bit impacted by the timing of Chinese New Year. So there is a bit of benefit in our Q1 numbers versus Q2. It was a bit earlier this year. But the reality is that the APAC region is improving, I would say, outside of China. China still, as I mentioned earlier, I think the consumer is cautious and the consumer is saving a lot. And it might not impact so much the low price, let's say, products as ours. It might probably impact some other categories a bit harder than ours. The truth is that in China, as I said earlier, our team is not only this year, but already consistently for the last four, five years, been gaining share and creating a very capable and profitable business in China, we're very proud of. Now, to your other question on away-from-home, in-home, we're seeing mobility obviously, going back to pre-pandemic times anything we all forgot COVID anymore. And we're seeing, obviously, that impact in the consumption of food between home and away-from-home, especially in the U.S., I would say, it's probably the country that is having more impact. So, yes, away-from-home is growing faster than in-home for us and we're pivoting resources to away-from-home both in our food business and our beverage business, and we're trying to capture as much as possible that consumption that is moving to away-from-home. Internationally as well, I would say that is a huge wide space for growth for our business, both in trying to improve the availability of our current products and also creating new solutions that are more targeting meals and meal replacement as consumers buy more food away-from-home. And I think our brands belong in some of those occasions and as I mentioned at CAGNY, we're building both innovation and business models that can help us capture this meal location away-from-home with some of our large brands like Lays, Doritos, Tostidos, some of our well-known global brands.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: Hey thanks and good morning. Ramon, maybe it ties to the pressures you mentioned earlier on the lower-income consumers in the U.S. or maybe even your comments just now on at home versus away-from-home. But if I think back over the last six-plus months, we've seen arguably unexpected slowing across many categories, but really in many immediate consumption categories where I think it was most unexpected across savory snacks, sweet snacks, arguably a number of beverage categories as well. Do you agree with that kind of unexpected slowing comments? And if so, how do you see the drivers? How do you stack up the drivers? Where do you think we are in that cycle? And how does that factor into your expectations on momentum recovery across your North American beverages -- sorry, North American businesses? I think the easing comps are obvious. I'm just -- I'm curious about sort of the -- your expectations on demand itself sequentially improving?
Ramon Laguarta: That's great. Now, this is a great question and I think we need to step back and look at the bigger numbers. Obviously, there was huge inflation in our categories driven by input inflation over the last couple of years and operating cost inflation. Now, what makes us feel optimistic is a couple of data. Number one, I think wages are growing above inflation, and we see that not only in the U.S., but across the world. And we see our consumer packaged food inflation below, I would say, total CPI. So, those two numbers make us feel comfortable that the consumers will start coming back to our categories at the frequency and with the same level of -- or higher frequency than in the past. So those are two big numbers. Obviously, each one of us with our commercial programs, our innovation, our channel strategy is trying to accelerate that pivot back. But we feel good about the price volume mix that we see in our business, and that's how we think that we will continue to sequentially improve over the balance of the year into further years. Our North Star remains the same, is to make sure that, as I said earlier, we have innovation and consumer programs and channel programs that continue to drive savory snacks, ahead of micro snacks, ahead of food and the same with LRB, ahead of overall liquid consumption and ahead of food and beverages. So that drives value for our business and that drives value for our customers and that's how we think about driving the company long-term.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research. Your line is open.
Brett Cooper: Good morning. A question on the international business. On these calls over the years, PepsiCo has spoken about managing international profit delivery to provide affordability to consumers and support recruitment. And if we look at margins in the international business, they're up versus COVID or versus pre-COVID levels. So can you help us understand beyond the headline financial results that we can see, I guess, evidence of what you look at to ensure you're providing proper levels of affordability for category development to support the very long-term for that business? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And the -- we're always very conscious of the relative value of our product versus other potential substitute products in the categories that we participate. So if you think about snacks, the big opportunities to transform and packaged snacks into packet snacks or other macro snacks into savory snacks. And we always look at that value ratio in every market, in every geography for different types of consumers. Now the same with beverages, right, moving from non-commercial beverages to commercial beverages, that is always the opportunity for us as an industry. We look at that very carefully. Now why are our margins expanding internationally because as we gain scale and obviously, that our fixed cost leverage is much better, and that's how we're getting to more profitable businesses in international markets, especially the large markets, whilst we keep affordability at the center of our strategy because that's long-term, including other things that we do, obviously, with availability and with innovation. We make our categories continue to grow at a very fast pace. But as you mentioned, affordability and relative value of our category is a key KPI that we measure all the time in every market because it's the key source of continuous growth for our categories.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Gerald Pascarelli: Great. Thanks very much. Question on Europe. Another really strong quarter here, like the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. It looks like it accelerated on an underlying two-year basis. So maybe if you could provide some color on the driver markets, ones that maybe came in better than your expectations? And then how you would compare how developed markets in Europe are performing relative to what we're seeing in the US? Thanks.
RamonLaguarta: Yeah. Thank you and a good observation. I think our team in Europe is doing a fantastic work. It started with strong productivity, simplifying the business and driving cost control, eliminating duplication and then reinvesting that money back into our brands and becoming more competitive and also driving our availability and driving our brand preference. And that is a flywheel that is working for us across both developing and developed markets in Europe. Obviously, developing markets a bit more. So if you think about Eastern Europe markets are growing a little bit faster than Western Europe markets. Western Europe markets have been impacted a little bit in this first quarter by some of the negotiations, and that's not atypical in Europe. But I think we have a good flywheel in Europe, and Europe will be expanding its portfolio along the lines of what the US has been doing, which will give us additional consumers and additional penetration in households across developed and developing markets. So we feel good about the flywheel in Europe. But at the center of that is a very strong productivity, cost discipline and reinvestment strategy that is, in a way, what we're trying to do across the full company, elevating our productivity and driving their investments both into affordability, availability, a better brand equity and then investing back into our future, digitalization and sustainability at the center of that investment. So it's a flywheel that we're trying to do for all the world. Clearly, Europe is doing a good job at implementing it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Ramon Laguarta for any closing remarks.
Ramon Laguarta : Yeah. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning and for the confidence that you've placed in us and in our stock. And we hope that you all stay healthy and safe. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, gentlemen. Appreciate your help.
Operator: You're welcome.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-09 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's 2023 Fourth Quarter Earnings question-and-answer session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it's your turn to ask a question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, guidance, and outlook. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, February 9, 2024, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our fourth quarter 2023 earnings release and 2023 Form 10-K available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. As a reminder, our reported fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 financial results included one extra reporting week for our North America businesses. Our reported fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 financial results in North America reflect the impacts associated with one less reporting week versus when compared to the prior year. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Executive Vice President and CFO, Jamie Caulfield. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. With that, operator, I'll turn it over for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Jamie, I'm not sure who's more surprised we're seeing each other again, me or you, but welcome back.
Jamie Caulfield: It's great to talk to you again, Brian.
Bryan Spillane: So I have a question, I guess, just in, we fielded a few questions today about the organic sales growth guidance for the year, and maybe if you can help dimensionalize, you know, not just the reduction, but how much is recall things that are sort of external, how much are things that are under your control? And maybe you can think about, as we think the balance of that, just how much of improvement are you expecting maybe in North America versus international? Just trying to understand the moving parts of how we get the organic sales guide from here?
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Good morning, Bryan. This is Ramon. Listen, let me step back for a minute and talk about the last few years and then how next year fits into that. So the last few years we've seen a double-digit growth, top line in the business consistently. So I think it's at 11 CAGR and a 14% or double-digit EPS growth consistently as well. So three very good years. Now we see a -- in 24 we see a normalization of the categories, a normalization of the cost, normalization of inflation. So we see everything trending back to our long-term algorithm. Now, we guide it to upper end of the -- both top line and bottom line at the previous earnings call. We maintain the top line at the upper end for the EPS and we move back to at least four for the top line and there's a few factors that I think are material. One, is the Quaker recall. We had a food safety incident in our Quaker supply chain in the U.S., which has impacted us in November, December, and it will continue to impact us, I think for the -- at least for the first-half of the year until we recover our supply chain to normality. We're also seeing some geopolitical events around the world that are impacting some of our markets, which might potentially continue in the first-half of next year. And then the third element is we're seeing a bit of a slowdown in the U.S. both the food category and the beverage category in the Q4. Part of that is slowdown due to pricing and disposable income situation. Part of that is also pivoting between in-home consumption and away-from-home consumption that we're seeing in our business in the U.S. We think that, that might continue in next year, so that's why we're lowering our guidance. We feel good about the consumer in 24 in the U.S. We feel good in the sense of very low unemployment, we feel good about the fact that we think wages will go higher than inflation next year. And we hope that by the summer interest rates will go down and that will create another source of oxygen for this possible incoming household. So we feel good about the consumer in the U.S., but if you think about those three elements, we decided to have at least four as the guidance for the top line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just kind of continuing on that thread perhaps a little bit focusing more on Frito. So, track channel data hasn't looked great, you know, the reported volume decline, you know, sort of bigger than what we've seen in some times of this business. But when I look at a multi-year stack, you know, things look kind of steadier sequentially when I look at the second-half. So just curious how much it may be these near-term results on Frito and looking into the beginning of the year is multi-year comps? Is it the consumer backdrop, the impact of pricing? But just thinking a little bit about your expectations for and plans, I guess, for driving greater units -- unit versus volume growth in 24. We're thinking about those two pieces.
Ramon Laguarta: Great, Lauren. I think it's a great question. Just to summarize, we're seeing the Frito business going back to profitable volume growth in 24. So that's how we're thinking about the business. If you think about the slowdown in Q4 and you link it to the elements that I was referring to, there is a units versus volume dynamic in the Frito business that is quite relevant. As you see consumption moving from in-home to away-from-home, the portion size is meaningfully different. So we're seeing growth in convenience stores, we're seeing growth in away-from-home in, you know, like 2 times to 3 times the retail growth, but obviously has an implication on volume. As we look at the 24, we have a very strong commercial plan for Frito. We have our core brands very well invested. You saw that in 23 we increased our A&M meaningfully. We're planning to do that as well in 24. So Lays has a big increase in A&M. Doritos has a big increase in A&M. All our permissible portfolio which -- if you think about a combination of SunChips, PopCorners, the whole Simply Line, Smart Foods, that part of the portfolio is growing almost 3 times the average of Frito. So we're putting a lot of emphasis on that particular part of the portfolio to make sure that it has -- is well executed in the store and now the supply chain is back to 100%, we're going to push that part of the portfolio even more aggressively. So we think that Frito will have a continuation of the share of market gains that it's been having for the last couple of years and we expect the category will rebound as well. Part of that because of what we'll do with our brands, which obviously have a lot of weight in the overall category, but also the fact that we think consumers will continue to feel better throughout the year, and that will recover the fleet of a topline with a more balanced, profitable volume growth and pricing versus what we've seen this year.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: All right, thanks, [Technical Difficulty]. I guess I had a question on PBNA profitability. I believe you still have a goal to reach the mid-teen operating margin levels, but so far we really haven't seen much progress. So Ramon, I guess hoping you could touch on your plans to achieve this? And then maybe whether you're considering making bigger structural changes to your business as possible refranchising of your bottoming network. I know you've mentioned in the past that you do see some advantages with broadly owning your network, but just curious to hear if your thoughts on this have changed and I guess if not, what other initiatives do you plan to implement to improve profitability at PBNA? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So, yes, listen, I would say we don't contemplate at this point any of the structural changes to our business. We continue to think that operating the business has advantages for us in terms of speed of execution and some other elements that as we see where the business is growing in e-commerce, away-from-home and some other channels of the future including direct-to-consumer. Within that, that's going to create an advantage for us. Now we've been making progress at a good pace in our margin improvement. If you think about the last three years, the net revenue for PBNA has grown over $5 billion, and the operating profit has grown a billion dollars. Core operating margin has expanded more than 150 bps. So we see the last few years a good improvement in the PBNA business. We think this will continue in the coming years, actually 24, that's the first step. We are optimizing the portfolio. We're eliminating parts of the portfolio that were less profitable. We've referred to bottled water. We've referred to some multi-serve parts of the portfolio that were not that profitable. We continue to optimize our efficiency of our supply chain. We're digitalizing our supply chain. We continue to extract, you know, eliminate waste from that. We continue to work on global business services that reduces the G&A. We're also optimizing A&M, trying to get to higher ROI on A&M and our trade investments. So we continue to think that optimizing all those elements in the different parts of the P&L will continue to drive a sustainable margin improvement, whilst we remain very competitive in the marketplace. And that's the balance that we're trying to strike with this business. So far we feel good. The business grew with the rest of the category. If you take everything that is in our system, grew in line with the category and we increased the operating margin. So that's how we're thinking at this point about the PBNA business and with a long-term perspective obviously in how we will achieve those two elements of growing with the category and increasing the margins.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from [Indiscernible] with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Welcome back, Jamie. Well, I suppose you've gone nowhere, but welcome back to dealing with us, I guess. Can you maybe talk a bit more about international, particularly margins are picking up above the average now, it's scaling quite nicely, but also if there's anything we need to be aware of as it relates to hyperinflation, Argentina, anything like that?
Ramon Laguarta: No, listen, I'll start and maybe Jamie can add to this. The -- listen, the international opportunity continues to be by the most remarkable and exciting opportunity that we have as a company. As you're saying our international business is very scaled now. It's almost $40 billion between beverages and snacks. So that's, if you compare it to some of the consumer goods companies, it's much bigger than many of the consumer goods companies globally. So clearly a big opportunity, and we have just scratched the surface when you think about the per capita consumption that we have in many markets and the opportunity we have ahead of us. So here's your point you're right. As we scale it, some of those businesses are becoming more profitable and obviously you start the virtuous circle of scale, reinvestment, margin expansion, and getting to a much more profitable and advantage businesses across many markets. So this year is not going to be a different one. So 24, we continue to think that international will grow faster than the U.S. business. We're seeing good momentum as we start the year in many of our international businesses. Our position is of investment in those markets, so we're going aggressively with productivity and reinvestment for growth, reinvestment in the brands, reinvestments in systems, in capabilities that continue to drive the per caps and our share of market position. So you should think about our international business as a big opportunity for PepsiCo. And with regards to the Argentina situation, it's, yes, we've already taken that hyper accounting and you shouldn't expect any material impact on organic sales growth.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning, guys, and Jamie, great to hear your voice again.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So I wanted to drill down a bit more on Bonnie's question, but looking at PBNA top line more than profit, there's clearly been some market share struggles and pieces of the portfolio there, sports strength, CSDs, et cetera. So I guess can you just talk a little bit more about strategy changes from a top line standpoint. How you sort of manage the business by product category? And your thoughts around share trends as we look going forward? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi there. Good, listen, we feel good about the overall portfolio of PBNA. You know, we manage the business as a full LRB business, not as a CSD or any particular subcategory. We're looking at, you know, the full portfolio and how it's always everywhere for consumers from the morning to the night in all the multiple locations. We continue to believe that we have an advantage portfolio. If you think about our positions in sports and hydration, our positions in coffee, tea, now the portfolio we have in energy, and our CSD position as well. So we continue to manage as a full LRB. Now, if you think about our priorities for the year, relaunch of Pepsi brand with a new image with focus on Zero. Zero has been growing very fast and continues to be an advantage proposition for us. We are putting a lot of additional investment in Mountain Dew, and we're launching Baja Blast as a permanent SKU. Baja Blast has been a success as an LTO, a limited time offer. For many years now, we're launching it. We're using the Super Bowl as a platform this weekend to launch Baja Blast. We continue to build a position in Lemon Lime with Starry. Starry, it's been a good first year. I think we had -- we're over indexing with Gen Z. We see the brand getting some good repeat. You will see also an investment around Super Bowl and continue during the year. So that's our CSD portfolio. We feel very good about Gatorade. Gatorade is, we're moving from historically a liquid for high performing athletes to an ecosystem of solutions in hydration and fuel for every type of active person. And we've seen a lot of traction. It's not only Gatorade per se, but it's Gatorlyte, it's GFit, it's Propel, it's Muscle Milk, all under one umbrella. And it's not only liquid solutions, it's powders, it's tablets, it's equipment, personalized equipment, bottles, and others. And now we're launching around the Super Bowl Gatorade ID, which is also an ecosystem of loyalty and I would say personalization for our consumers that will bring even more attention to the brand and more loyalty with younger consumers. On energy, we're very happy with our portfolio. Obviously the Starbucks coffee energy on one side, Rockstar, and obviously our collaboration with CELSIUS, which has been a great success, and it provides scale to our go-to-market and kind of a point of entry as well with some of our customers. And then our tea business continues to very well with Pure Leaf and our Starbucks collaboration now moving more into beyond coffee, I would say more refreshers and some other innovation that Starbucks is developing for their cafes and we bring it to ready to drink. So I think we have a beautiful portfolio. We continue to grow in retail and we're putting a lot of focus in away-from-home as we're seeing that the away-from-home channel is getting much more traffic as people go back to normal mobility and that will be a focus for us going forward. This year we think we'll continue to grow above the market and continue to gain share in what is a very profitable and high growth channel. So this is how we're thinking about the business there. Hopefully it gives you a good sense of the intentionality, how we're thinking about the broad portfolio and our willingness to compete with innovation, with brand investment and with great execution.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. Ramon, I just wanted to ask a follow-up based on your response to both Bryan and Laurens question on the organic growth. And I may have misheard or could be misinterpreting this, but you touched on some of the things that you are doing internally that will drive the improved performance. But I think you also mentioned some sort of assumption around maybe the U.S. consumer would feel better. I mean, if that doesn't happen, would that put the organic revenue guidance at risk or would an improved backdrop be more of a source of upside versus the greater than 4%? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: The current assumption is what I said. We think that the consumer will continue to improve in its confidence and its disposable income throughout the year. And that's the ongoing assumption. We have a very strong productivity program in the company, which gives us the fuel for investment, and it gives us also a lot of flexibility to manage a potential different consumer reality. But at this point, we think this is the ongoing assumption who will invest in our brands, who will invest in our innovation. And now that supply chain is in a very good place, compared to what it was a couple of years ago, even last year, we can rely on the tools that we're very good at, which is brand building, innovation, execution, distribution increases, strong commercial programs with our partners, and that's where we think we'll drive the growth of our top line here.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes, and I'd add just to remind you, 40% of our business is now international. So, you know, the U.S. is significant, but we've got a big business outside the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush. Your line is open.
Gerald Pascarelli: Great. Thanks very much. Ramon, I have a question on energy drinks. Can you just speak about your plans to maybe drive performance in Rockstar this year? It's kind of been a relative underperformer in energy drinks for some time and now you have bang coming back into the market, which could potentially result in some incremental disruption. So maybe just some color on how you're thinking about driving an improvement in Apron and then maybe broader thoughts on the competitive dynamics within energy drinks this year? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I mean, it's a great question. The energy category continues to grow, as you see, above the LRB category. So continues to expand into new consumers and new consumer locations, which obviously creates growth for everyone that participates in the category. So we participate, as always said, with multiple vectors. We're proud of our Starbucks partnership and some of the products we offer, double shots, triple shots. We're proud of the Rockstar brand. Rockstar has been growing with the category. More or less, there are some parts of the country where it's well distributed and well preferred. Other parts of the country we're trying to get consumer penetration and consumer adoption. The areas where we've been successful with Rockstar, which we will double down, are the zero and are the recover parts of the portfolio. Both of them, if you think is energy with functionality and where we think our R&D can create advantage. So we're pushing those two platforms, Rockstar Zero and Rockstar Recover, and that will continue to be the focus of the brand. We've also been focusing on Hispanic consumer, and that also we've seen an increase in the penetration of the brand with Hispanic population, with Hispanic consumers will continue to drive that commercial activity. But we see this as a portfolio of solutions, including sales use and how the combined portfolio creates a very good point of execution for us, multi-brand, it gives us an entry into convenience stores and some other points of sale away-from-home and will continue to drive the portfolio as the unit of execution.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Ramon Laguarta: I forgot, maybe I can say. The other thing we're doing with Rockstar, which we don't talk a lot about it, it's an important part of our growth, is we're launching Rockstar internationally in many markets around the world, from Asia to Europe to parts of Latin America, and we're having good success, again, as a portfolio of solutions that complements our Sting brand that we have in Asia or some other brands that we have in Europe as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you for the question. In your prepared remarks, you said that you expect less commodity inflation, but some agricultural inputs might be higher. Can you be more specific? And I was hoping you could focus a little on Frito, because there's a very big potato crop this past year. Vegetable oil costs are coming down. Do you see any relief on the horizon for Frito in that regard?
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Rob, it's Jamie. Yes, that is a practice we comment on the basket of inputs. We don't comment on specific commodity movement, but you're absolutely correct that we do expect commodity inflation to moderate from what we had in 23.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, operator. Good morning to you all and great having you back, Jamie, on the investor facing mode. I have one question and then a clarification. First for Ramon, I was hoping to see if you can elaborate a little bit more on how you're going to be lapping and if you have a red lap, the mixed drags and the shift from away-from-home and where your market share is not probably as strong as in snacks as you have in at-home channels? And given your strong gross margin delivery in your experience negotiating with large box retailers, especially in Europe. Are retailers asking you to invest back in promo rollbacks given your gross margin delivery and productivity gains, in particular North American and Europe. And my clarification for Jamie is in terms of like your organic sales growth and EPS cadence for the year, anything we should be considering on your guide as far as cadence. Thank you.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes, so on the organic sales growth, first of all, Andrea, it's great to hear your voice again and look forward to interacting as we go forward. Organic sales growth cadence, I'd say back half, stronger than the first-half as we talked about before. We've got the impact of the Quaker recall is going to be front half loaded. The laps get easier as we get into the back half of the year. And then some of these consumer pressures that have existed with elimination of stimulus benefits, resumption of student loan payments. We'll lap those as we get into the year.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, and listen, with regards to the customer, I think we're all trying to build win-win plans in the sense that we grow the business and we create profit growth for both our customers and ourselves. We normally -- we have always the consumer at the center, so it will be a combination of we generate growth through, as I said, innovation, and we have a few big innovations and brand relaunches this year. We'll put a lot of investment there together with our customers. We'll continue to try to expand our SKUs with the customers and there will be investments there. And there will be some investments in trying to give more value to consumers in a very holistic way, right? Through back priced, through promotions, through consumer events that eventually will drive preference for our brands. But that's the way we're thinking about creating this joint business planning with our large customers that create growth for the category, growth for our customers, and growth for us. With regards to away-from-home, sorry I forgot Andrea. The away-from-home we see it as an and, not as an or, we see it as an opportunity for us to continue to be in consumers lives always everywhere. And as consumers pivot away-from-home, we'll try to be there for them. It's been an area of investment for us, both in distribution and specific solutions for away-from-home for quite some time. And we're seeing our businesses in the large markets growing above the market in away-from-home. So clearly, this will be an opportunity for us for many years to come. And I think we're getting better at mixology. We're getting better at more food experiences, walking tacos, Doritos loaded. We're testing food trucks. We're testing many things that will make our brands available to consumers in the beyond what is a package bag or a can or a bottle. Now I think consumers are expecting from us away-from-home a much more holistic experience and that's what we're working on and I think we're making good progress.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Your line is open.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. A little bit more of a detailed question on PBNA and just want to talk about Gatorade and CELSIUS. So in terms of Gatorade, could you just remind us in terms of the timing of the move to DSD? And how that impacted your income statement? And then in terms of CELSIUS, obviously the brand has done phenomenally well. It's getting pretty big now. Can you talk about how CELSIUS impacts the income statement in the U.S.? And then how your relationship with the company has evolved? You talked about taking Rockstar internationally. CELSIUS is going international now. Are you part of that plan as well? Thank you.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes. So, on Gatorade, we're 90% through on the transition. Obviously, that move is positive to the financial results overall. That's what we did is to enhance performance and we're happy with the margins we have on that business. On CELSIUS, the way that works is we're sharing the system revenue with CELSIUS.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, listen, we're happy with the collaboration with CELSIUS and that continues to be a part of our growth strategy. You know, there is an opportunity for us to collaborate in the international expansion as well. At this point it's not, I would say, a scaled opportunity. It's a market-by-market opportunity and very particular market. So yes, we are contemplating that as an option and we are having conversations with CELSIUS how we can leverage the PepsiCo system for a bigger expansion. Nothing short-term I would say at this point.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So I just wanted to ask about SG&A over the past four years. We've talked about this before in this forum, but with the annual disclosure is now out. I thought it would be a good time to revisit the topic. Specifically, Ramon, can you help contextualize the increase that we've seen in SG&A over the past four years, specifically in distribution costs? I'm really curious about maybe how much of this is underlying inflation as opposed to discretionary investments that PepsiCo is making and not really looking for a specific number per se, I realize that's probably difficult, but distributions up 40% over the past four years, and I'm just wondering how much of this is within your control, maybe some of the capabilities that you've been able to build over this timeframe and maybe get a sense of how this line item should be trending going forward? So thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, so as you point out, selling and distribution is the biggest part of that. The A part is less so. And it's going to be a reflection of what you see is: one, you've got market mixed or sector mixed components in there. We've driven a lot of productivity in our OpEx, but at the same time, we're investing in OpEx to drive distribution and growth in the business.
Jamie Caulfield: One other thing, Chris, that you should be mindful of is, you know, we do have a big direct store delivery business, so we've had inflation in various things like labor and so forth, and that's what's gone up. A&M has gone up as well, which is also kind of all part of that SG&A bucket. We've made numerous capability investments in there as well. So it's all of the above. I wouldn't hone in just on the distribution costs, which I know you focus on from the 10-K. There's a lot of buckets that go in that are far deeper that we can't get into for competitive reasons.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning everyone. So Ramon and Jamie, you both mentioned the organic sales growth guidance is going to be more second-half weighted? And I know you don't provide breakdown and guidance on volumes, but given the importance of volume trends, can you give us a sense of how you see volumes evolving? Is there a possibility in your guidance where you see positive volumes in the second-half of the year? And then on the pricing front, maybe you can give us a sense of what are you assuming in terms of pricing? I assume in the U.S. or developed markets its limited and there's more pricing in emerging market, but any color on pricing will be also helpful. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think you should be thinking about we want to grow units next year. We will see profitable volume growth next year. And you'll see a more balance between pricing and volume that you have seen in previous years, obviously we had to cover a huge commodity increase and OpEx increase. As commodities kind of normalize and OpEx inflation normalizes, that lever will be less necessary outside of what has been a normal pricing levels of our category in the 2% to 3%. So you should be thinking about profitable volume growth and more of a normalized pricing, compared to what it was in the 18, 19 timeframes.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Callum Elliott with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Callum Elliott: Hi, good morning. I wanted to build upon Chris's question, please, and ask you about the A&M buckets and the spending behind your brands. I think the case shows advertising up around 10% year-on-year, and that's around a 20 basis points increase as a percentage of sales. But we're still quite a long way below pre-pandemic levels as a percentage of sales and comfortably below the average of the last several years. So I guess the question is, are your brands getting enough support and do we need to see upwards pressure on advertising spend as a percentage of sales over the coming years? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: That's great, good point. Obviously in absolute terms, we have much more A&M. So I think we have increased, last year was $500 million. And if you think about a longer timeframe, a meaningful over $1 billion increase in absolute A&M. So that's absolute dollars that go against our business. We're thinking about continuing that trend, continuing to support both our large brands across multiple markets and then smaller brands where we take the portfolio into the future. So that should be a composition of our A&M. Now, when you look at the last few years, you should bear in mind we stopped advertising in Russia, which was a meaningful market for us. So that is reflected in our absolute numbers or relative numbers. So that you should contemplate that. But as a, you know, if you think about where and how we're going to create demand in the future, you should be thinking about A&M continue to increase. Obviously, we'll look at ways to optimize A&M, and we have very strong measures on ROI and best ways to invest in our brands, but you should be thinking about as a company that continues to build brands, continues to innovate, continues to create value through investment in consumer. And obviously we also create a lot of demand through our push model to some of the questions that were asked before. You should be thinking about our selling and distribution costs not only as a cost, but also as a way for us to execute very granularly across millions and millions of point of sale around the world where we reach the final point of sale and we create, I would say visibility for our brands and impulse for our brands, which are relevant if you think about the categories where we compete.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: Oh, great. Good morning. Thanks, everybody. Jamie, add me to the list of people excited to work with you again. Hey, actually, this question may be for you. It probably is for you. On these calls for the last several years, we've been talking about on and off, just sort of the cashflow profile of the business and the capital investments that have been made in the business in the past, eventually back towards a higher level of pre-cashflow conversion. I guess acknowledging that you've been there in the room the whole time. Now as you assume the role of CFO, do you see any opportunities to speed that process of cash flow generation and a return to higher levels of pre-cash flow conversion from where we've been trending or is it more steady state? And if you could just give us a little perspective on how you're seeing those, that cashflow profile of the business evolving from here, that'd be great. Thank you.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes, so clearly cashflow continues to be a priority. I focus on CapEx and we've been very intentional about the levels of capital we've invested in the business. Part of that was to catch up on capacity. We're currently in the midst of big investments in IT and digitalization. But over time, I think you'll see the level of CapEx as a percent of sales begin to trend down and that will help with the cash flow conversion.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. So thank you, everybody. I'm glad everybody's happy that Jamie is back and I see a lot of bonding. Great, but obviously thank you for the confidence that you've placed in our investment and we look forward to seeing many of you at Cagny in a couple of weeks and having a longer conversation there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-10 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's 2023 Third Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it's your turn to ask a question. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, guidance and outlook. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, October 10th, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our third quarter 2023 earnings release and third quarter 2023 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So my question is just around volume. There's been a lot of focus on that topic, not just for Pepsi, but just, I think, more broadly. So I know in the prepared remarks, there's a little bit -- there's some commentary about a shift to small packs. But maybe, Ramon, if you could touch on what was happening specifically volumetrically for PBNA in the quarter? And then kind of relative to what your outlook was for volumes coming out of 2Q, just how that might have evolved as the quarter progressed?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, good morning, Bryan. Let me step back beyond PBNA to the broader company. We're seeing sequential volume improvement, if you take the last few quarters. So globally, we're improving our volume. But more philosophically how we're thinking about how we're managing the company. There's two big variables that we're trying to optimize. One is consumer interaction with our brands. And the proxy we're using for that is units or specific purchasing act. And then the other one is obviously margin for the overall business. And those are the two variables that we're maximizing. In both cases, units are growing much faster than volume. And we're seeing that -- you mentioned consumers moving to smaller packs. We're also in a way, facilitating that through our pricing and mix strategy. And then we're obviously optimizing margin that, as you saw it was a good improvement in our margin across the company and the particular businesses that you referred to. So that's how we're thinking about volume and margin. When it comes to PBNA, we've been a bit more aggressive than in the other businesses with regards to volume optimization. And we've made some decisions, especially around take home water that we're able to prune some promotions that were not profitable for the business, and that has almost 2.5 points of volume impact. So that's how we're managing volume. It's clearly an important variable for us, but for efficiency in the plants and some others that unit transaction and consumer interaction with the brands are the metrics that we're trying to maximize as we're making these trade-offs between volume you know net revenue and margin expansion.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Carrying on Bryan's question, but taking it a little bit further out into 2024, and it was great to get kind of some preliminary perspective on next year, so early. But I was also curious how you're thinking about that balancing volume and price mix as we go into next year because price mix has continued to outperform? And so just kind of thinking about that more forward look as well. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Lauren, we'll give you more details, obviously, in February when it comes to the actual composition of some of our key metrics. But what I would tell you at this point, as we've obviously seen all the commercial plans from the different markets and our innovation plans and our productivity plans and our cost trends that there will be still a higher inflation in our business. And therefore, there will be higher price mix versus not the last couple of years, but if you think about the historical price mix that we had in the past, I think '24 will have a bit more elevated price mix in the equation than in the previous years.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So right, to add a finer point to Ramon's comments, Lauren, if you think of pre-pandemic inflation being kind of in that 2%, 3% range, inflation is going to be a little elevated relative to that. And our pricing will be roughly in line with inflation. So that should at least give you a rough sense as to how things might shake out.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So going back to your comments about volumes in PBNA. Was that specific to the quarter or should we still see about this 2.5% headwind to volumes you quoted and potentially into the first half of 2024? And if you can also comment on the volumes in Latin America, so how we should be thinking towards the end of the year and potentially into 2024? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Andrea. So with regards to PBNA, we continue to optimize the portfolio. So we should be probably thinking about a few -- a couple more quarters where we will continue to see volume decisions that, again, we're trying to maximize units and transactions. And we're trying to continue to optimize the margin of the business. And you saw that this quarter and the balance of the year, we feel very good about the margin expansion in PBNA. Now when it comes to LatAm, there is mostly our snack business, what you see there in our numbers. And we've been making, again, decisions around affordability making sure that our brands continue to be within affordable price points to consumers that we know that this possible income is limited, and they make decisions a lot based on price points. So we've been reducing size -- portion size of our products, making sure that we're still very affordable. And that has a repercussion on -- has an impact on the actual volume. But again, the transactions are much healthier. And that's a metric that we used to assess the health of the business with regards to consumer along with brand equity and some other metrics that we use, obviously, to understand full consumer picture. So we'll continue to make optimizations, Andrea, as we need to absorb inflation and make sure that our brands remain a choice for consumers that are clearly more limited in their disposable income.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. Good morning. Could you just discuss the motivation behind the decision to provide guidance for 2024 a bit earlier than is typical? What do you think your level of visibility is at this point versus a typical year? And as you look out maybe what are some of the areas that give you confidence and what might be some of the areas where there's more uncertainty particularly given the volatile consumer environment here? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston : Hi, Dara. I can answer that one. I think in general, as we build the plans, we're focused on a couple of things. Number one is obviously the level of commodity inflation, and you know we buy forward about nine months. So that's roughly in line with the past. Number two is the balance of the PepsiCo cost structure. And as we've talked about the last couple of quarters, we've put even higher focus than we've had in the past on driving productivity and driving out unnecessary costs using the tools that we've discussed, the investments in digitalization, the investments in global business services, the investments in driving out overlaps within the organization. Because that work has been going on for a longer period of time, I think that gave us earlier line of sight into what we would expect our cost outcome to be for next year. And then number three, we're in a good spot in many of the developed markets in terms of our commercial plans. We do joint business planning with our customers. And we're probably in line to maybe even a little ahead of where we've been historically with all of that. So given the information was available to us a little bit earlier and given there was undoubtedly questions in the investment community on what '24 look like given the evolving pricing and inflationary environment, we thought it was prudent to at least give some indication of what guidance would look like in '24. So that's what drove the decision.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. I actually wanted to follow up on Dara's question there. But just more in the context of your actual performance versus your initial expectations historically because it's really been a while since organic revenue growth has actually fallen short of your initial outlook. So can you maybe just characterize your confidence in the '24 outlook at this stage and really whether or not you've embedded enough conservatism just given what remains a pretty choppy backdrop for the consumer? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Happy to address that. We obviously have a long history here of meeting or exceeding expectations, both our internal expectations as well as the guidance, including this quarter, where we beat revenue and we beat EPS. In fact, we've now met or beat consensus for 55 straight quarters. So we tend to be, I think, appropriately conservative in the way that we communicate to you all. So from that perspective I think you can go into 2024 with a similar expectation that we should at least achieve the numbers that we've laid out for you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hugh, I was hoping maybe you can just provide some of the macro underpinnings that kind of go into your 2024 viewpoints at this point? Just would love to kind of get your state of the union on the consumer or the economy and kind of how you guys are thinking that will shape up as you go through 2024? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Why don't I start and then Ramon, obviously, you're super deep on the consumer as well, but I'm happy to start on this one. Number one, I do think that we see the consumer right now being more selective, and you see it in a variety of ways, right? You see some trade down in terms of channels of trade that they're purchasing products in. You see some orientation toward value. At the same time, the things that I usually look at with the consumer to detect whether there's high stress, we see good results, Nik. Number one is the convenience store channel. Typically, when gas prices are up and consumer incomes are stressed, you see revenue in those channels under stress as well. For Q3, we saw revenue up 5% in beverages and 8% in foods in the convenience channel. Number two is food service, that's also typically a leading indicator, that's still growing double-digits. So I think we've gone into the year with an approach that says, given all that I laid out during Dara's question, we expect the consumer to continue to be cautious. And to the degree that they are worse than that, we've got cost plans in place that we would use to mitigate whatever challenges we face. But we think our revenue outlook accommodates an increasingly cautious consumer next year.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And the other thing I would say is all the long-term structural tailwinds of our categories will continue. If you think about urbanization, demographic shifts, lifestyles, et cetera, that have been driving our snacking categories or beverage category, they move from package-to-package. All those things will continue, and they drive a lot of our confidence in our categories, then obviously, we have almost completed. By now, our innovation plans, our commercial plans are -- I think we've got better at affordability and premiumization of our portfolio. So we think our share of market will be good next year as well. So that's what's driving our kind of confidence for next year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Again, Bonnie Herzog, your line is open, and if you have a question, go ahead and ask it. It looks like they didn't have a question, do you want me to go and move on to the next person?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, please.
Operator: Okay. Sure thing. One moment. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Carey: The inflation got a bit worse quarter-over-quarter in the PBNA segment, specifically, whereas in the rest of the segments, the trend is for continued easing. Can you just comment on some of the puts and takes that you're seeing from a commodity inflation standpoint in this segment, particularly and how the beverage side is driving the inflation expectations going into next year relative to food? I'm really speaking to Hugh's comments on above average inflation next year. And just given what we see from commodities in general, I'm trying to parse out where exactly that outlook is coming from? So thanks so much.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Good morning, Chris. Chris, we don't get into by commodity levels of dissecting the numbers and guidance. That's something that historically we haven't done. As you know, the beverage segment is a little more packaging exposed in foods is just by virtue of the nature of the products. But I'd rather not go any further than that to get into the specifics of individual commodities for competitive reasons.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I just want to shift a little bit more kind of to the long-term. And I was just wondering if you can kind of give us a sense of the vision, your vision for the business, the beverage business and the food business in the US in light of your large investment in Instacart what you're trying to accomplish there? And other kind of strategic moves you're doing on the digital side and the -- all the underlying work that you're doing in terms of automation and productivity. Just kind of what do you see the business looking like in the future? And how does Instacart play into it? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Good question. Obviously, as Hugh was saying, we continue to drive the transformation of the business with automation at the center of it and digitalization as well. With digitalization, we're trying to obviously give much more precision to our decision-making across everything we do from how we talk to consumers, how we invest in our pricing with our customers? How we run our end-to-end operations from agro to the consumers? How we run our routing and everything all these activities that we do to generate value for our consumers. That is an investment we've been making over time. And we continue -- that still is the priority of the company to make the company more precise on intelligence and empower our front line to make better decisions all the time with the best information possible real-time and ideally forward information. So that is a continuous investment. Now when it comes to Instacart, there is a commercial relationship trying to enhance the capabilities of our DSD system with the shoppers that they have in store, and that is a continuous focus. I think DSD continues to be a competitive advantage. And I think we can enhance that capability with supporting activities from the Instacart shoppers. And that commercial relation led to a very minor investment in Instacart. And just to reinforce the commitment to the commercial relationship, there's nothing more than that in terms of a strategic long-term intentionality with that investment.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Stephen Powers: Hey, thanks. Two questions, if I could. One, just following up on the 24 outlook given the visibility you have on cost and the commercial planning at this point. Should we be expecting a relatively even performance and cadence of growth, both top and bottom line throughout the year? Or is there a reason to see that growth weighted first half versus second half? And then I did want to ask on Gatorade because the improvement we saw this quarter sequentially volumetrically did occur. It just didn't occur at quite the level of improvement that we were expecting from a shipment perspective. I think we went from down high single digits in the second quarter to down mid in the third. So I just would love some perspective on how you view that business performing? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Listen, we will not go into more details on '24. We'll cover that in February in due June time. When it comes to Gatorade, we're very pleased with the G2DSD or the movement of Gatorade to the DSD platform over the summer. We're seeing sequential improvement in the performance of the brand. Better performance in August that we saw early in the summer, et cetera, inventory on display and a number of secondary location, et cetera. So that move is working. On the velocity of the brand, we also saw that the brand is improving its velocity. It is true that the emergence of Prime in the category took some share from Gatorade less than other brands in the category or less proportionally to the size of the brand. But I would say Prime impacted Gatorade in a way some transactions during the peak of the season. We're seeing that the size of Prime in the category getting smaller as we go into the fall, which gives us very good optimism that with the new infrastructure we have with our DSD business, some of the innovation with GFit, Gatorlyte, G Zero, our powders and tablets that are being very well received by consumers that we have a very good you know we're going to have a very good '24 for Gatorade. So we have a stronger foundation to go into next year with potentially weaker competition. But obviously, I don't know what their plans are.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. So, clearly, there's been a lot of concern in the market around adoption of GLP-1 drugs in the US and the potential impact on your business. So maybe can you comment a bit of what you've seen so far based on your consumer studies, both on the beverage and food side? And how you're thinking that can evolve over the next couple of years, change in consumer behaviors? And then from a Pepsi-specific standpoint, what changes can you make to adopt your portfolio to these new consumer preferences that could emerge if the adoption is greater than that? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Filippo. Good question. Listen, obviously, we're looking at this you know along with many other positive and negative potential risk for our business and our category. So far, the impact is negligible in our business. Overall, if you take global consumption, there are obviously a lot of question marks with regards to the obesity drugs when it comes to medical testing or scalability of the usage of this or what is the impact really on consumer choices. So a lot of question marks. We continue to believe that all the structural positive trends that we had to our categories remain, and I mentioned, I referred to that earlier in the conversation. So we're seeing urbanization as a big driver of adoption of our categories. We're seeing middle class development. We're seeing lifestyle and the people snacking to eat, some meals becoming more mini-meals and much more unstructured during the day, being a big driver of our categories, both beverages and snacks. So we're seeing a lot of tailwinds that will continue to drive our categories. Of course, we're observing the growth of these new drugs and its potential impact. The other thing we're looking at is our strategy sound when it comes to portfolio transformation. And everything we've been doing for the last five, six years when it comes to reducing sodium, reducing fat, reducing sugar, reducing the portions of our products, adding some new cooking methods to our snacks, those are all very positive trends that will help us pivot the portfolio if needed in the future. We'll continue to do it. Obviously, it's one of our key strategic pillars. So again, negligible impact today, a lot of these structural trends that are in our category, I think, remain very solid and even we see them accelerating. And our portfolio strategy, we think, is very solid when it comes to a potential protection against some of these future developments 5, 10 years from now.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge. One moment.
Brett Cooper: Good morning. A question for you on the North American Beverage business. You've said in the past your goal is to hold share in that business. When you begin to add things like CELSIUS as an organic business, I'd love to hear how you assess the beverage performance and you're looking to hold share with the own portfolio or you distributed brand as a component to hold share? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Sorry, we missed a little bit of the question, but hopefully, we got what you're trying to ask. CELSIUS obviously is part of our energy drink strategy. We said we had multiple pillars and our ability to distribute in our system, some third-party brands is part of that strategy. Obviously, CELSIUS continues to grow. We've doubled the distribution and the presence in store of the brand in the last year or so especially in the convenience channel, which is a key channel for energy consumption. That participation of CELSIUS in our track makes our full system more efficient. It makes our salesmen more relevant in the store. It makes our cooler more a go-to cooler in the store and those are all positive that eventually have a halo effect as well in the rest of our portfolio. So I don't know if I'm answering the question because really I couldn't -- we couldn't hear it very well. But I guess you get a sense of the importance of CELSIUS in our energy strategy and the value we get from both the actual monetization of that distribution, but also the halo it has in the rest of the portfolio.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. So thank you very much for your questions and for joining us today. And especially thank you for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. We hope you all stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-13 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2023 Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until its your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and updated 2023 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, July 13, 2023 and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our second quarter 2023 earnings release and second quarter 2023 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Hey. Good morning, Hugh. Good morning, Ramon.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Brian.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Brian.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess, Ramon, my question is more kind of related just how you're looking at the bigger kind of macro picture in the consumer specifically. I think as we went into this year, there was an expectation that elasticity would increase and there'd be more of a consumer response, I guess, to all the inflation we're seeing really globally. So I guess it seems like in the first half volumes effectively have been better than expected. So I guess as we're kind of looking forward in the back half of the year and even into next year. Can you just kind of give us a little bit of a some insight into how what you're seeing with the consumer? What your expectations are and just how that may have differed from what we were seeing or what you were thinking maybe going into the start of the year?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Good morning, Brian. Yeah. So I'll give you two, like, -- there are two areas where which we're looking at very carefully. One is on the supply side, things like become much better. We're seeing much better flow of materials from suppliers. We're seeing in general better labor market and that has helped us to run a better company. So that's one area we're looking at very carefully. During COVID (ph), it was not perfect. It's becoming better and that's why you will see that our costs are performing better and how we're slowing (ph) some of the net revenue down into the bottom line. On the consumer front as well, we were planning the year with more of historical data on elasticities, both in developed and developing markets. And we're seeing in the majority of the markets where we operate, we're seeing better elasticities and that has continued to be during the first half of the year, even though we're seeing lower income consumers strategizing around obviously optimizing their budgets, but we're seeing the majority of consumers staying within our categories, staying within our brands. And it's remarkable what our marketing teams are, commercial teams have been doing to minimize elasticities. In some respect it is what we have been investing for the last few years. Our brands are stronger.The perceived value of our products is better than it was. And obviously, we've been able to raise prices and consumers stay within our brands. Now we're seeing consumers making some adjustments, right? We're seeing consumers shopping in more stores than before. They're looking for better deals. They're starting to look for optimization. They're going to channels that have better perceived value. They're buying more in Dollar stores or they buy more in mass or in clubs. So every segment of the consumer is making adjustment. Overall, we're seeing very positive. And I think it has to do with the levels of unemployment that we're seeing all around the world. Unemployment is very low. In most of the economies, if you think about developed markets, but also developing markets. So markets like Mexico record low unemployment, some markets in Asia as well. So we're seeing overall very, very good consumer behavior, especially when it refers to our categories and that's why we raised guidance on our top line and because of the first factor, we raised guidance on the second -- on the bottom line as well.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, thanks. So maybe can we just extend that question a little bit? You mentioned some of the strength in Mexico. International came in very strong in general in the quarter. Obviously, you have a lot of different countries and regions within that and two distinct businesses. But just high level thoughts on what drove the international strength the state of the consumer internationally? And then I'm thinking particularly about the pricing side of things. Obviously, we're sort of cycling tougher comps going forward, globally, not just internationally, but can you also give us an update on the competitive environment you're seeing around the world heading into a period when in theory pricing drops-off as we cycle these tougher comps? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Dara There are obviously some markets around the world that are suffering from currency situations and there we have to adjust to the reality. And I'm talking about Turkey, Pakistan, Egypt, Argentina. So there are subsegment of markets where I would not apply the global rule and we're acting very specifically in those markets. But beyond those markets overall, we're seeing and I think it's because what I was saying earlier, unemployment levels being very low. We're seeing consumers continue to behave in a positive way. Our category penetrations in most of those markets is still relatively low, and we continue to be an affordable treat in those markets. So our products continue to be part of the repertoire that they can afford and they make trade-offs to stay within our category. So we're seeing that in a very positive way. Now competitive wise, I think there's very rational competition across the world from what I -- from what we can observe, in the first half of the year, both in our snacks and our beverage business. And that's what we're assuming in the balance of the year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I'm trying to get a little bit more specific around the [Technical Difficulty]
Ramon Laguarta: Lauren, hi. We cannot hear you very well. You come in. [Multiple Speakers] you're breaking up. I don't know, if it's our phone or it's -- now it seems to be better.
Lauren Lieberman: Is it better a little?
Ramon Laguarta: A little better.
Lauren Lieberman: I will hang up, and call back.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Thank you. Sorry for that.
Lauren Lieberman: Bye. No.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning, Ramon and Hugh. I wanted to circle back on your guidance. I just had a question on it. Your new guidance implies, I guess, above algo growth in the second half, but I guess doesn't really imply much bottom line leverage. So I wanted to understand if there might be some level of conservatism baked in or if you're planning on stepping up your reinvestments in the second half or if there are any incremental headwinds we should be aware of? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Great question, Bonnie. It's Hugh. You're right in that, the balance or the -- yes, the balance of the year guidance is in effect 7.5% revenue, 8.5% EPS. That's the squeeze on the balance of the year. What is implied in the margins are two things. Number one, actually continued strong productivity. And if you look at where we are year-to-date, our pricing and our commodities are right in line with each other. So the margin improvement that you saw in the quarter 132 bps on gross and 45 on net is entirely driven by productivity, which is reflective of the productivity investments that we've made over the last couple of years in things like digitalization and in automation and then leveraging Global Business Services to standardize how we operate that's actually kind of been a pivot this year. And that's a pivot that I think you'll see ongoing, not just in the back half of this year, but actually into 24 and beyond, where we're getting margin improvement out of these productivity initiatives. And obviously, the margins are quite good year-to-date entirely driven by productivity. In the back half, you'll continue to see that level of productivity improvement, if anything, it will accelerate, but we are continuing to invest. We're investing in advertising and marketing and A&M was up 50 bps in the second quarter. You're going to continue to see us invest in A&M. You're going to continue to see us invest in capabilities. And our investment cycles tend to be more back half oriented than they are front half oriented when we have a sense as to how the year is going to turn out. So that's what you're seeing in the implied guidance in the balance of the year. It's not that the productivity is going to diminish. It's not that anything is going on with the pricing other than the overlap effects of pricing. It's really a reflection of some of the productivity being reinvested it in the back half of the year, so that we continue that strong momentum into 24 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I was looking to actually follow-up
Hugh Johnston: Hi, Vivien.
Vivien Azer: Good morning. On Bonnie's question, but just to drill down on PBNA margins, down a little bit year-over-year. In your prepared remarks, you reiterated your confidence in expanding margins on a full year basis. I was hoping you could just expand on some of the headwinds that you saw in the quarter and what gives you confidence on the full year margin outlook for the segment specifically? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hi, Vivien. It's Hugh. The margins in PBNA was down in the second quarter. We had a big gain on an asset transaction in 2022. We're cycling over that transaction in '23. And for the full year on PBNA, you'll see the margins up in a healthy way, and north of 100 basis points.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi. Is this better, hopefully.
Hugh Johnston: It is. Much better.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Cool. Im still sitting in the same place. Okay. I was going to ask -- sorry about that, I was going to ask about Gatorade. So tons of innovation activity, you guys have talked about it. We're seeing it very much in the marketplace. And in the release, you talked about Gatorade being up double-digits in the quarter. But when we look at Nielsen, it shows something that significantly trails that. And so I was just curious, I guess, about mix of on track, how much of maybe some of the performance you're seeing has to do with incremental shelf space and distribution given the breadth of innovation and new product activity there has been?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Lauren. I think the -- I think there are a couple of factors. The G2 DSD has a meaningful impact on timing on when we reflect our sales and when the consumer actually buys compared to previous years. So we're much -- the cycle has reduced substantially, given our DSD -- and that might have some implications on the readings. We feel good about the sports category even though it has been cold in some parts of the country for the month of June and so on. But in general, within the categories continues to have healthy metrics in terms of penetration and usage and everything else. Our innovation G FIT, Gatorade and most importantly for us long term, our powders and tablets is going very, very well. So we believe in those subsegments continue to develop along with G Zero, which continues to attract new consumers to the category. So we feel good. We're seeing all the execution metrics for Gatorade improving. So inventory on display, service levels to our customers, which were a little bit handicapped in the past due to supply chain issues. So we're seeing the health of the brand and the category at a pretty good level. It is true that there are some new entrants in the category like Prime that have been taken some space, especially with younger audiences. They've been affecting Gatorade, but they've been affecting more of some other brands in the category that had that kind of profile. So we feel good about the execution. We feel good about how the brand is performing. We've increased advertising substantially against Gatorade and we'll continue to do so in the back end of the summer and the year. So we feel good about Gatorade. And I think the G2 DSD is going to be a structural move that will give us better execution and capacity to respond to weather changes and opportunity in the marketplace going forward.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So my question is more on the balance of pricing and volumes. Obviously, you're lapping some of the most strong price increases from last year. And you're expecting, I would say, are you expecting still high-single digits in the second half with volumes more flattish or it's still negative because to get to the math of 10%, perhaps you're lapping Russia, but it seems that the UK and France and Spain have lagged a bit for the top line. So I'm trying to reconcile the implied organic 7.5%-ish with better volumes. So in other words, you are seeing some improvement there as pricing kind of resolve for the consumer. How we should be thinking to Ramon's comment on some of the discounters and that happening or are you still seeing room for continued pricing, but to a lesser extent, as you mentioned, at CNBC interview? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Hi. Ramon, go ahead.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. No, we can have Hugh continue the CNBC interview.
Hugh Johnston: Hi, Andrea. So balance sheet (ph) revenue, the squeeze is 7.5%. What I think we're going to see is volumes will be sort of in the flattish range for the balance of the year. Obviously, there's still carryover pricing. And I don't think we'll do anything different than our normal cycles on pricing in the balance of the year. You tend to see pricing in the beverage business in the fourth quarter. Frito tends not to go in the balance of the year, but that's TBD. We'll see how the year plays out. But the implication that we have in the forecast right now is kind of back to our relatively more normal pricing. And obviously, that sets us up for '24. And then a lot of ways to think about it as the back half of the year is a little bit ahead of our long-term guidance, which I think is the momentum that we'll carry forward.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Christopher Carey: Hi. Good morning.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, Hugh. Just one quick follow-up on the gross margin. You said that the pricing tailwinds year-to-date are basically in line or offsetting inflation. I couldn't tell if you said commodity inflation. I guess what I see is about 600 basis point benefit from pricing and a 400 basis point headwind from commodity inflation. So it seems like you're actually tracking ahead. But when you made that comment? Was that a total inflation comment or is there a mix tailwind as well? So maybe price is actually below what we can see in price mix. So I just wanted to clarify that. And I guess connected is just in the context of full year gross margin, unless there's some offsets, it seems like you could see some notable expansion for the full year. Am I reading that wrong that's going to allow you to invest or are there some offsets I'm not thinking about? So thanks, so much.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hey, Chris. It's Hugh. So what I had said was pricing was up exactly in line with our commodity inflation. So both are in the teens and the numbers are basically identical. So that obviously is not driving margin improvement because those two are essentially offsetting each other. In terms of the balance of the year margins, we have previously communicated, we'd be at least equal with where we were last year. We're now clearly going to be ahead of where we were last year. So margins will improve this year as opposed to the at least equal that we had previously communicated. And the driver, of course, behind that is productivity. And the things that I've been talking about and Ramon has been talking about for a while, we've made these investments in digitalization. We've made these investments in automation. We've been investing in building out a global business services operation. And I think that's the pivot that you see happening inside of our numbers right now is that the margins will improve, I think, on a sustained basis and it will be driven by productivity and that productivity will come out of those three buckets. So I don't think this is a one or two quarter thing. I think you're going to see margins continue to steadily improve this year and into the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator and good morning, everyone. So I was hoping to get some updated thoughts on the Celsius agreement and kind of what you've learned over the past several months? Obviously, the growth has been tremendous, but how has that outsized growth or better-than-expected share performance shifted your view as to whether this is the right structure for PepsiCo longer term? And then just having previously distributed Bang and kind of given the Bang and Monster News, do you have any updated thoughts as to whether this could impact the growth trajectory for Celsius looking ahead? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Good morning. I think there's a couple of realizations on this. The number one is that the power of our distribution system our DSD machine in the U.S. is very powerful. And obviously, you can see by the increase in the numerical distribution and the quality of execution. So that's one element that makes us feel very strong about our capabilities in the U.S. Beverages. Second, I think Celsius is a brand that is capturing new consumers to the energy category, consumers that were not consuming energy drinks for many reasons in the past, flavor or image or some other elements. That is a positive. The category keeps expanding and we're glad that that's in our portfolio. And we're working together with Celsius to see additional international opportunities, whether we can expand the brand in some other markets, especially more developed markets where the category is a bit more developed. Those are the three conclusions that we're taking from our relationship so far.
Hugh Johnston: Right. And the only thing I'd add is, we're very happy with the investment we've made and we feel very comfortable where we are with that company right now. I think we're both benefiting from each other's capabilities.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations on another terrific quarter. I'm wondering if we could focus on air, we haven't spent that much time talking about in the past, but is really doing well and that's in Europe. And maybe perhaps parse out for us, remind us the business mix in Europe between snacks and beverages. And then talk a little bit about how the business is doing so well, very significant pricing. I know you had relatively easy comps and whether you think that there are structural long-term changes in the pricing dynamics in Europe? I mean, for many years, Europe was very deflationary and extremely tough retail. I'm sure a lot of that persists, but are there clues here that maybe there are structural changes in that environment that can go forward? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you. Yes, good -- good diagnostic. The fact that our European business clearly has had a terrific first half of the year and we're expecting that to continue in the second half. A couple of elements, I think we have a portfolio that is quite robust on the snack side. We have very good market positions in snacks. And we have good challenging positions in beverages and our zero propositions in Europe are growing very fast and they're taking market share in some of the more affluent markets in Europe. So good portfolio mix and good focus by the team on growing that portfolio. As you said, we were a little bit late to pricing last year in '22. And the team has been courageous and has been able to find win-win solutions with our customers in '23. So as you see from the numbers, good pricing levels, but what is also very remarkable in Europe is the levels of productivity that the team has been executing through simplification of the business and everything else that Hugh was saying about digitalization and automation and also moving some service to essential points that we can service the businesses more effectively, more efficiently. So good work by the European team, both on portfolio managed simplification and then in driving productivity. So we feel good about Europe. We have a very strong business in both Central Europe, Eastern Europe and parts of the economy that are growing faster. So we feel good about the portfolio composition and the business going forward.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Stephen Powers: Great. Thanks and good morning. Maybe putting a final bow around Bryan's original top line question. I guess, Hugh, the volume cadence that you implied a little earlier, down 2% or so in the first half based on results reported to date, and if I heard you correctly flattish in the second half. How does that compare with your outlook coming into the year? Because I guess, just stepping back, I'm trying to get a better sense of whether the 4 points of upside you now see in organic growth versus that February forecast is more driven by better volumes or whether the upside is really driven by greater-than-expected price mix realization or whether it's some kind of combination? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hi, Steve. Good morning. It's a combination. Volumes are certainly a bit better than we expected and price realization is a little better than we had expected as well. So it's a combo. It's not dominant one or the other.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. And I would say the commercial teams have done a great job in minimizing elasticity. So going into the year, of course, we were assuming a level of elasticity that was more based on historical levels. I think we've been positively surprised on the strength of the brands in some markets. And obviously, as I said earlier, the consequence of the investment we've been making. But the way the teams have executed innovation, have executed range expansion, multiple displays around the store and some of the tactics we normally use to drive volume and minimize elasticities have been really well executed. I think we link it as well to as being a more intelligent company in a broader sense, having better data, having better digitalization and execution capabilities. So it is all connected. And yeah, we feel good about how the business performed in that respect versus what we had initially planned.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Your line is open.
Filippo Falorni: Hey. Good morning, everyone. A quick question on Frito-Lay North America. Clearly, very strong results in the quarter. But over the last couple of weeks, we have seen a bit of a slowdown in track channels. So the first question is, what do you think is driving the recent slowdown, partly is obviously cycling high price realization, but also just general sense on what you're seeing from a volume standpoint. And then, also why are you seeing untracked channels in that business? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. The Frito-Lay is having a tremendous year again on top of a very good '22. And it's been driven by our large brands performing very well, linking to what I said earlier about very strong brand programs and commercial programs. The away-from-home business and the small store independent business where there is a lot of impulse consumption is not really reflected normally by a lot of the reports that you've probably seen. So that might be a gap there. And obviously, in the summer, this is very relevant as people move around more. But we're seeing -- the only thing we're seeing in Frito-Lay in the last few weeks is the lapping versus the P6 price increase we did last year. So that's the only element. Everything else, we're seeing a much better supply chain. So our service levels to our key customers is improving a lot. That's good news because we were a little bit handicapped in the last year and first half of this year, we're seeing much broader portfolio. So the smaller SKUs that drive -- we know they drive frequency and they drive penetration in some sub-consumers. So we're seeing a lot of positive trends, some of our innovation. If you think about minis or if you think about some of the new launches like the jerky product or a relaunch of the nuts and seeds, our permissible portfolio, they're really doing very well, along with our big brands. So we feel good about the portfolio composition and the continued executional capabilities of Frito to drive availability universally almost. So we're feeling good about the business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Gerald Pascarelli: Hi. Thanks very much for the question. Mine is also on energy drinks, specifically regarding near-term distribution opportunities. You've obviously been a great partner for Celsius since you took over distribution of their products, which has been readily apparent in measured channels. But looking forward, how do you think about the opportunity to penetrate some of the non-measured channels that have yet to scratch the surface, specifically related to food service, like, college campuses as an example? I mean the comprehensive rollout of these products, something we should expect in the back half of this year or is that more of a 2024 opportunity? I guess any incremental color you could provide on timing and then the potential halo effect that Celsius could have on your legacy portfolio of energy products would be helpful? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Listen, we take our energy products along with the rest of the portfolio where it makes sense, right? So some of the channels you're mentioning like college universities, they are very large channels for our energy execution, right? So when you go to a normal campus, you will see a Rockstar, you would see Celsius, you will see our coffee business. You will see the new Gatorade energy Fast Twitch. So you will see all these execution. Wherever there are consumers that are looking for energy, we tend to be there. So we're not holding on any opportunities at this point to maximize the reach of our brands. So no, don't wait for '24. We're executing as we speak.
Hugh Johnston: Great. So I think this is the end of the conversation. Thank you very much. Thank you all of you for joining us today and especially for the confidence that you've placed in us with your investments. We hope that you all have a great summer and stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2023 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and updated 2023 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, April 25, 2023, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results.  Please refer to our first quarter 2023 earnings release and Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements.  Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question.  And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So very impressive price mix result in the quarter at 16%. Can you just give us an update on the competitive environment you're seeing in your key business segments and geographies, both in terms of just price increases but also promotion and if that's picking back up to more normalized levels? And if that favorable environment is continuing. And just as you look going forward, obviously, very strong levels of pricing, how do you think about the of that back to more normalized levels going forward the next few quarters and the ability of volume to recover as that pricing dissipates on a year-over-year basis?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you, Dara. Let me cover that and then Hugh can add some comments. We're seeing a competitive environment. We're all trying to protect the health of the categories and then make sure that our brands are participating in those categories in a competitive way. We are investing in our innovation, investing in our brands, investing obviously in value in different ways, pricing, sizing in mostly.  So we're seeing a good positive competitive environment in the U.S., in Europe, and also in our developing markets consistently across the world. When it comes to pricing, as we said earlier in February, we have mostly taken the pricing already this year that we needed to cover for our cost increases. And that is where we stand at this point. We're seeing a deceleration of inflation, not a reduction of cost, but a deceleration of inflation.  And we think that with the pricing that we've taken already most of our business around the world, that should be sufficient. Obviously, there are some markets, highly inflationary markets around the world where we might have to take additional pricing. If you think about Argentina, Turkey, Egypt though those kind of markets where the currencies are suffering, but the majority of our pricing is already done.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that, Dara, as a reminder, you know we tend to buy commodities 9 to 12 months out. So to the degree that the rate of inflation decreases, and it will be a decrease in the rate of inflation, not deflation, by any stretch of imagination that's going to happen very slowly over the course of '23. I think that's more of a '24 thing to the degree it happens even then.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: I wanted to go back to a little bit of what you spoke in the prepared remarks that you were -- and you also on an earlier interview Hugh that you gave, that you're not seeing the fact that inflation is still high throughout the 6 to 9 months that you're seeing here. And it doesn't look like you're seeing the need for promotional environment, but more in the context of what has happened in LatAm, I think it's the only region that you haven't seen a reacceleration and every other region, you've seen an acceleration.  And I'm seeing -- I'm talking -- I'm asking this question more of the point of strength rather than a point of weakness. Of course, it's really hard not to like the numbers here. Just thinking of how to think of the volume decline you saw in snacks and to think about how to parse it out or it's more about the comparison getting tougher?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea. A couple of things. Just for clarity, in terms of the snack food or the community food volume, Pioneer was a big driver of that. There are challenges with the power grid down in South Africa. And obviously, Pioneer makes a lot of heavy products. Ex-Pioneer Snacks volume was basically flat for the quarter and beverages obviously was up a small amount for the quarter.  In terms more broadly of sort of the rate of growth of all of the businesses. From a revenue standpoint, I think generally speaking, you see the consumer continuing to buy our products. Elasticities are still holding up quite well across most of the globe. And then despite the fact that we're taking pricing driven by the inflation that we're facing into.  In terms of operating performance, I think what you're seeing more than anything is a reflection of the productivity initiatives that we've put into place, whether they be automation in the supply chain or digitalization across the company, we're leveraging global business services. So when we talk about sort of an acceleration in the operating income performance, I think it's a consumer that's responding to the brand advertising we're doing. And in addition to that, the productivity that we're driving.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Just picking up on some of your prior commentary there. And just the decision to raise the EPS guidance at this juncture of the year, which I think is noteworthy because the company's delivery against guidance has historically been quite good, as you're well aware, but historically, the tax has been to maintain it and then as the year moves on to edge it higher.  So I -- just some context here. Was it that the first quarter was that good relative to your expectations, just came in that much better? Because it's noteworthy within the context of all the prognostication around potential recession and market volatility for the raise at this juncture of the year, so maybe just some historical context around it and relative to the first quarter results, I think, would be helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Kevin. I think you're right. Your assessment is right. We're seeing both better elasticities than some of the worst-case scenarios we were planning for. And also, we're seeing the teams delivering better productivity. So we're seeing the -- in general, the flow of materials, the availability of labor, transportation, all those elements that were making us a suboptimal company if you just to call it somehow in terms of operating metrics, that's getting better, which is giving us the opportunity to improve some of the metrics in our operations faster than what we thought.  So it's both an improvement in productivity on the cost side and better elasticity. I think the commercial programs were strong. You saw that we've increased A&M again in the first quarter. And I think the commercial plan, the innovation plans are very strong. So we feel comfortable that even -- and we always play out a lot of scenarios before we give a -- give you guys a guidance. We feel comfortable that even at this early point in the year, we can raise our top line and bottom line estimates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: I had a question on organic revenue growth at PBNA. Your price mix in the quarter was incredibly impressive, but your volumes were down slightly again. So could you touch on where you're primarily [Technical Difficulty] pressure. And then maybe what you're seeing from the consumer. Also, it seems that incremental pricing may be a bit harder to come by and promotional levels may need to increase in beverages this year. So could you touch on that as well as maybe your key initiatives to stabilize or turn your volume trends around that PBNA -- is your Pepsi rebranding or the new logo and visual identity for the brand, one of those key initiatives, for instance?
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Bonnie. We don't see -- actually, we see the momentum in the beverage category, very strong in terms of demand. We're seeing away from home, very strong. We're seeing the convenience channel, very strong, and we're seeing most of the in-home channels also quite strong. So we don't feel that there is a competitive environment that is getting worse in beverages. There's some one-off in the first quarter because we're -- as you know, we're moving Gatorade from a warehouse system to a DSD system and in that transition, there is some inventory reduction overall in the system that is impacting Q1.  But we don't think that the competitive environment in beverages in the U.S. is getting worse and that we need to do anything special. We have a very strong commercial program, both innovation, brands, commercial execution and customer programs. So that will be the way we're planning to continue to compete vigorously in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. So you've already been asked about raising the guidance early in the year, and it would sort of be mechanically hard not to, given how strong the quarter was. But your prior outlook you had baked in what we thought was one of the more conservative set of assumptions around the macro environment at least for the second half of the year across our coverage anyway. And so I was just curious if you're seeing anything more recently that has you more optimistic on the macro trajectory. Anything in terms of that broader market outlook or consumer outlook that's informing your ability to raise the guidance? Or is it really more tied to just the momentum in your own business?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Lauren, it's mostly related to the fact that we're already 1/3 of the year is passed, and we have better information on our costs and everything else that complex operating. There are a few things we're still concerned about. One is where is the consumer going to be in second half of the year. We continue to be -- have multiple scenarios. And some of the scenarios are more optimistic, some best, and we continue to have various scenarios.  The second one, geopolitics and that might impact the business, and therefore, we want to be cautious there as well. And the third one, as I mentioned earlier, there are some currencies in some emerging and developing markets that we don't know where some of those markets will go in the second half of the year. And we also want to make sure that we have the right financial scenarios around those options.  So those are the three variables that could define where the business goes. As I said earlier, operationally, the business is better. We're seeing better labor availability, better flow of materials, suppliers are obviously getting better as well. Transportation is getting better. So operationally, the business is in a better place than it was in 2022.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hugh, I wanted to ask about accounts payable. Just it was a pretty meaningful shift year-over-year. I understand there's a sequential or a seasonal piece to it. But I think it's up more than $1 billion versus the first quarter last year. So is that tied to the Gatorade DSD distribution change? Or I don't know, if there is something else going on with accounts payables that just is driving such a meaningful change?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Bryan, it's really two things. One is a seasonal inventory build on the Gatorade thing, as you mentioned. The second is, we've got a number of significant capital projects that are in flight right now and the timing of the payables on the capital equipment is what drove that number. So I would take it as a one-off, not a change in trend by any stretch of the imagination. It's just a one-off when the quarter ended.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Carey: Can you maybe just touch on how investment and priorities will evolve in 2023. I think one of the key takeaways from 2022 was distribution costs between shipping, handling and merchandising activity was a key driver of SG&A inflation, but I'm conscious of double-digit increases with added marketing spending out of the gates into Q1. So can you maybe just frame how overall investment will be evolving over the course of this year in the context, maybe some easing on inflation and certain SG&A buckets and an ability to put more spending in others.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Chris. Listen, I think the framework of investment is similar to what we expressed in the past. We mean #1 priority for us is to make sure that our categories remain highly visible in consumers' minds in a complex consumer choices environment. And our brands do very well in those categories. So that's priority number one, make sure that we continue to be a preferred brand with our consumers.  Second, we continue to invest in transformation of the business, digitalization and productivity at the center of the strategy systems. We've been investing on that for quite a while. That continues to be an enabler of all the data strategy that we have in the business.  And those are the two big projects, we continue to invest in capacity. There is good volume growth across many of our markets around the world, and that continues to be a priority in enabling the brands to continue to grow. So those are the principles. I don't know, Hugh, if there's anything else.
Hugh Johnston: No, I think that's the only thing -- and I think where Chris is going with the question from his perspective as well. Chris, I think you'll see more of the financial impact of those investments in SG&A significantly less selling cost of goods. So as you're modeling it out, SG&A is a place where you'll see all the items that Ramon referenced will be hitting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: So I was hoping to get more color on the international performance in the quarter. But maybe specifically in China. I know it was called out in the prepared remarks is a market where you gained share, and maybe I missed this, but I don't think it was mentioned when discussing growth in the quarter. So can you maybe share a view on the current environment in China how that evolved through the quarter and kind of how you see that progressing from here?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Yes, we're seeing, obviously, in China, a optimism in consumers and optimism in the customers and that's driving volume for us across the -- across both our food and our beverage business. The organic share, especially in snacks. Snacks has been performing very well through the pandemic and continues to outgrow the category. And in beverages as well, we're seen competing quite well in Colas and sports hydration. So yes, obviously, this is going to be a tailwind for us as the year progresses both in away from home and in-home consumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Given the strong start to the year and your confidence in the year, I thought I'd ask a longer-term question. And that is, as you look at the categories that you're in, over time in the past, you've expanded in certain countries a little bit outside of beverages and snacks either for reasons of scale or growth opportunities or maybe that's just what was available as part of an acquisition. Over the next, call it, next 5 years or so, do you believe that you're in the right categories to drive your algorithm? Or do you see potentially the need or desirability to expand and do some adjacent areas. And given the advances that you've made in IT and logistics, perhaps that's even a greater opportunity than in the past?
Ramon Laguarta: It's a great question. Listen, we believe our categories are large and growing at a very fast pace, around 5% globally. I think our main responsibility is to maintain the innovation and make sure that the portfolio evolves with consumers, the brands continue to be super relevant. And that is where we want to focus our efforts. We're making some small moves, as you saw, for example, when we're going into low alcohol here in the U.S., expanding the brands. We're making small moves like Cheetos going into Mac and Cheese. So we're expanding some of our brands organically into some new spaces that make sense from the consumer point of view that we believe our categories are large, global, healthy, and we -- our responsibility is to give them healthy and growing very fast.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen.
Vivien Azer: I wanted to ask about Pepsi Zero Sugar given the reformulation and the broad-based international distribution. Can you offer some perspective on how that's performing relative to expectations? And as well, could you possibly update us on how the organization is tracking towards your 2025 ESG target to drive 60, 70% of volumes from lower added sugar beverages?
Ramon Laguarta: Great question. And it's essential to our strategy, continue to drive low sugar and nonsugar products as kind of the portfolio transformation. In the case of Pepsi, obviously, that is very relevant for us given the size and scale of Pepsi brand for us. The relaunch in the U.S. with a new formula is very -- it's been very well received by consumers based on our early data of repeats and preferences. The brand is growing 60%, if I remember correctly, in the first quarter, and that's driven a little bit by distribution, but it's mostly velocity. So clearly, the consumers are -- they like the product and they're coming back to the product. Globally, we also see big growth of the nonsugar segment in the category 2, 3x, the average of the category in most of the markets. And we are driving that growth along with some of our key competitors. I think it's a strategy that is working and it's keeping the category very relevant for consumers. We'll continue to invest in nonsugar as a driver of growth for our brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush.
Gerald Pascarelli: In U.S. measured channels for salty snacks, we've seen private label products gained share of the overall category for the past few months now. This has obviously have seen in tandem with very strong performance and market share gains for Frito as well, which is great. But I was just curious if you've seen any near-term changes, some broad consumer purchase patterns in this category relative to maybe a few months ago? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. In general, we're seeing private label growth in some of the categories where we participate, especially waters, juices that we used to participate in some categories in salty snacks as well as you mentioned. As you will say, Frito-Lay is -- I think it's growing share of market at the fastest pace that we've seen in the last, maybe 10 years, if I recall, as a consequence of the great work the team is doing in terms of execution, but mostly innovation and brand building.  So I think we see both private label increasing, although from a very low base in salty snacks. But most importantly for us, we're seeing our brands continue to gain loyalty, expand their consumer base and be preferred in that segment. But yes, private label is slowly increasing and in -- from a very, very low base as I said, in some subsegments of the salty snacks business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge.
Brett Cooper: With about a year in of and Hard Mountain dew, I was hoping you could provide some color on your view of the performance of the brand and the operation to date, any learnings? And then how you think about proceeding from here?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, we're happy with the learnings that we're taking, both in the operation of this category, which is new to us and also in how we create consumer demand and consumer loyalty, and we continue to find partners to create new solutions for consumers with our brands. We just launched a tea version, a hard tea version with Lipton and FIFCO Company. They developed a great product, which we're going to start distributing through our system in the next few weeks. So we're going to go into the summer with 2 main products, Mountain Dew -- Hard Mountain Dew and Hard Lipton.  As I said, our intention is not to build a large portfolio of products and complex portfolio, but is to focus on a few good brands developed with strategic partners and then leverage our distribution capabilities to give it to consumers all across the country. That's our journey. We're not rushing. We're going at a speed that we learn and we make this business solid with the right margins and the right consumer propositions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi.
Filippo Falorni: Question on the Pepsi Beverage North America business. It seems clearly this year, you're making a lot of investments. The Pepsi Logo change, the Starry launch, a lot of other launches, with expansion of Pepsi Zero Sugar and Hard Mountain Dew. Just bigger picture, what are your expectations from kind of a market share standpoint in the business? What would you consider a success for this year? And then secondly, how do you balance these investments that you're making with your target of getting back to a mid-teens margin for the business?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean we've expressed this in the past. We want to have a business that grows and the category pace or above and expand its margins to the mid-teens levels that we have mentioned as well in the next 2 to 3 years. So that is the strategic intent for this business. I think the team is executing very well. The way we measure our share is full LRB. So it's the full set of brands that we have in our portfolio, not just small segments within the category. And obviously, I think we're progressing well against that growth target for the year, whilst also expanding the margins for the business. We feel good about the margin expansion this year.
Operator: Our last question comes from Charlie Higgs with Redburn.
Charlie Higgs: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Frito-Lay North America division and the volume growth there. How did Lays, Doritos, Cheetos perform? Is there any color you can give on a single-serve pack versus multi-packs? And then just how you see the very strong margin growth in Q1 progressing throughout the year would be useful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Great. Listen, as I said earlier, Frito-Lay, I think, it's in the U.S. and -- but also the whole snack business globally is doing extremely well. But if we focus on the U.S., I think the team is doing a fantastic job growing the large brands, as you mentioned, Lays, Doritos, Ruffles, Tostitos, Cheetos. And at the same time, building peripheral brands that cover some spaces that we're not covering with the big brands. Let's call it, PopCorners or SunChips [indiscernible]. We're really building a portfolio of brands that covers different cohorts and different need stays in a unique way.  We're also innovating in new formats. You mentioned multipack, which has been a great hit for us in terms of variety and empowering consumers for personalization. But this year, a few months ago, we launched Minis, which is also an incredible innovation. If you think about the convenient -- the additional convenience it gives consumers and putting our best brands in that format opens a whole set of new occasions for the business.  So we feel very good about the innovation strategy and how we keep capturing new occasions into our brands. As I said earlier, I think the business is becoming better operationally as the supply of materials is getting better, labor availability is getting better. So we should see operational metrics improving, and that's what you're seeing in the margins, although the Q1 margin was a little bit elevated. The strategic intent with Frito-Lay is growing it very, very fast and keeping the margins at those high levels because that's super accretive for the PepsiCo overall business.  Okay. I think this is the last question. So really appreciate the conversation this morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining today and especially for the confidence that you're all placed in our company and the investments you're making in our company. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2022 Fourth Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business and plans and 2023 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, February 09, 2023, and we are under no obligation to update. As a reminder, PepsiCos fourth quarter 2022 includes 17 weeks of results. And our fiscal 2022 year includes 53 weeks of results. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our Q4 2022 earnings release and 2022 Form 10-K available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey good morning guys.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So I just want to focus on the 2023 topline growth outlook after another very strong quarter here in Q4. Can you just give us a quick update on the business so far in 2023, given there are some concerns around macros and the consumer? Are you seeing momentum continue or any signs of incremental consumer weakness? And then second, how does that translate to price mix? Obviously, very strong pricing in Q4. In theory there is need for more pricing given the continued cost pressures in 2023, but as I just mentioned there are some worries around the consumer and the theory for retailer pushback, so just help us understand within that organic sales growth outlook how much is price mix? Are you -- is a lot of that carryover pricing from 2022 or are you assuming more pricing in 2023? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Dara, this is Ramon. Listen, the way, the way we feel about the consumer is based on employment data and wage growth around the world is positive. In our assumption for the year, we're thinking elasticities might get worse going into the second half of the year based on multiple scenarios that we have. Obviously, they are very changing. We just had some recent changes in some other in multiple parts of the world. But were feeling that that might happen that there are worse elasticities in the second half of the year. And that's why we're guiding to a 6%. We feel comfortable with the way the business is going as you could see from Q4 a good momentum in our brands and good share momentum in many geographies around the world. But the key, the most important thing for you to think about is we're going to keep investing in the quality of our products. We're going to keep investing in the strength of our brands. We'll keep making our go-to-market systems stronger. So no matter what happens with the consumer, we're going to be I think preferred choice for a lot of the consumers and our customers. And that's how we are planning for next year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I was curious in the release there were a couple mentions of two things. One brand exits and portfolio management, and the other was there were a number of impairments. And I know, anyone who acquired a business pre pandemic is pretty much taking an impairment, so that's kind of due course. But I thought it might be a good opportunity to get an idea on how some of these businesses have been faring in the sense of what they've added capability or portfolio wise or maybe where they've fallen short. Again, notwithstanding the pandemic dynamics. And then just color on what some of those brand exits and portfolio management mentions were in reference to? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Hey Lauren, its Hugh. Ill handle that one. It was really a couple of things that that drove it. Number one is obviously as you mentioned pre pandemic, interest rates were awfully low and prices were pretty high for a number of these assets. And as we've sort of moved forward, we've taken a hard look at the cash flows, sort of in a post pandemic world. Combine that with the fact that interest rates are obviously materially higher, so we're discounting those cash flows at a different rate. The couple that I'd point to, during the course of the year. Mabel in Brazil was one, Pioneer a little bit as well. And then SodaStream where, SodaStream is more of a consumer discretionary type of purchase compared to our -- the balance of our portfolio. And as you would expect, behaved more like a consumer discretionary purchase. So we took the opportunity to look at the numbers going forward on that, and the investment posture we were going to have in that business. And as a result, we wrote down a piece of that business as well. So I think we put ourselves in a spot now we're in a, in a higher interest rate world, we're in a better position in terms of where we've marked those assets to.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Lauren, strategically SodaStream continues to be a very central to the transformation of the beverage category. We've seen that there is a huge opportunity to enable consumers to personalize their drinks and have a type of consumption where there's no plastics and where there's a lot of convenience for consumers at home or in offices or even on the go. So it continues to be very central. Hugh was saying there was obviously a situation, especially in Europe, with inventories and the discretionary consumption that we took this opportunity to reassess the value of the asset.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
AndreaTeixeira: Thank you. Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. If you can talk about how to think about operating leverage, you have historically been able to use about 1 billion per year in productivity, to offset inflation. And now coming in to these year on top of like a very strong inflation, but also really healthy carryover from pricing. How should we be thinking in terms of like the ability to flex your P&L? Any particular you invested- I think we all appreciate that you invested a lot more in A&P, strong double-digit growth in the last quarter. How to think about A&P investments into 2023? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'll take care of that one Andrea. I have a couple of comments on that. Number one, obviously, inflation is still out there, as a factor for us partly the fact that inflation is still high, it's not as high as it was before. But then the numbers are still relatively high. Number two, in terms of the way that we were approaching the year, we're looking to drive a lot of productivity this year. And at the same time, we're looking to continue to put investments back into the business because we think that's what's driving the top line, and consumers are clearly responding positively to it. So if you net all of that out, my expectation is that our gross and operating margins will be at least in line with where we were in 2022. And perhaps a little bit better.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good morning, guys. Hugh, I wanted to ask you a question about cash flow and capital allocation. And I guess in terms of cash flow, just the free cash flow this year stepped down versus last year. So if you could talk a little bit about just what's happening in cash from operations, is it a timing thing? It looks like working capital has ticked up a bit? And then second, the dividend going up 10% this year? Or just what you announced today. So can you just remind us again, just how you're thinking about capital allocation as part of a total shareholder return model? And, and just how that factors into decision making in terms of capital allocation going forward?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to, Bryan. Let me start broad and then I'll sort of narrow it in. Very broadly, the capital allocation principles we have are no different than what we've had in the past, the four basics of make sure we invest in the business, pay the dividend, tuck in acquisitions and share repurchase. If I zero within a little bit more for the environment that we're in right now, with some of the changes, I think our biggest priorities right now we're going to be continuing to invest in the business and growing the dividend. And that's not a just a today's statement, although obviously 10% dividend growth is a pretty, pretty healthy growth in our current environment. But I think those are our bigger priorities, relative to perhaps tucking in there and relative to perhaps share repurchase. If the 10% dividend growth is bigger than what we've done in a number of years, and I think you'll see us prioritize that a bit more over time. So I'm sorry, and then the last piece is about working capital. Yes, the time -- we basically had a timing issue one that we're doing some IT implementations. And in terms of the IT implementations, essentially we paid for it about two weeks worth of payables, just to take some pressure off the IT systems because we had some freezes at the beginning of the year. So that's what pulled that number down. That was probably worth about 500 or so million dollars right at the end of the year. It's not a material change in cash flow. It's a two week timing issue. So I think you'll see that bounce back as we get to the end of 2023.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi, thank you. Good morning. So youve worked out a new and improved Pepsi Zero Sugar. So just hoping for some more color behind this initiative? And really how incremental you think this can be? I mean, maybe you guys could give us a sense of how big your Zero platform is currently? And what percentage of your portfolio this could be in the next few years? And then finally, just maybe some insight in terms of how big of a push you plan to be making behind the rollout in terms of marketing spend, activation etcetera? Any color on some of these initiatives would be helpful? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Bonnie. Yes, listen. Yes, Zero is, is clearly a segment of the beverage category that is growing much faster than kind of full sugar all over the world. And Pepsi Zero has - or Pepsi Max as we call it in some markets has been very strategic product for us in Europe, and in other parts of the world. In the U.S., we were investing in other parts of the Pepsi brand. Now, this is going to be the center of the strategy for the Pepsi brand. We think that the non-sugar segment of Colas will continue to grow very fast in this country. We're seeing consumers pivoting. I think the R&D in our company has done a great job in giving consumers Zero sugar choices that are as good as full sugar choices or better from the taste point of view. And we're asking consumers Zero sacrifice to pivot to Zero Sugar version. So that's the principle why we've seen that the category will continue to pivot and why the brand will continue to invest in moving consumers into that space. How big it's going to be? I think eventually, it's going to be a large part of the brand, not only here in the U.S., but all over the world. We improved the formula. We moved the formula closer to the formula we have in Western Europe and some other parts of the world. Its more refreshing formula, is closer to our original flavor. And I think I mean, the initial results are very good. The consumer testing was excellent. We're going to be investing now in the Super Bowl that we continue throughout the year is going to be one of the pillars of growth of our CSD business in the US.
Hugh Johnston: And Bonnie just to give you a data point Pepsi Zero Sugar grew 26% volume in the fourth quarter so that business is really growing.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. And good morning, everyone. So I wanted to ask about the long-term organic revenue algorithm, 4% to 6%. And recognizing that a lot of the upside the past few years has been driven by pricing. But this is now the third straight year, you're excited to be at the high end or above the high end of the range. And I guess, as you take a step back and look at your performance and think about the path ahead, has anything changed in how you think about that target? You mentioned increased spending and driving the top line, do you have a higher degree of confidence that Pepsi can consistently be at the higher end of that range longer-term? So just like any perspective on whether you feel differently today about the building blocks of that algorithm versus maybe 2019, will be really helpful? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, of course, we feel good about the return that we're getting on our investments that we've made both in our brands and you see the our A&M has gone up significantly since 2019 and the same with our CapEx, right? We've added a lot of capacity, a lot of go-to-market strength to our business. And we see the consumer reacting to that very positively. We've also invested a lot in quality and our brands, our products are better, are more consistent, are better tasting. So from that point of view, we're happy to the -- we're winning market share in many markets around the world. So yes, we're feeling good that we can be close to the top end of the -- of our long-term growth algorithm for the continuous future. Now obviously, the last two years, there's been a bit more pricing that would expect going forward long-term. But if you think about the mix of growth between developed and developing markets, I think we have tremendous opportunities for growth in developing markets. The per capita is still very, very good. And we have good playbooks to develop those per caps in a lot of those consumer bases. And we know how to grow developed markets as well. So you will see us continuing to invest in our brands, continue to invest in our go-to-market and what drives the top line, what makes consumers stay with our brands. And we'll guide every year to the particular circumstances of volume and pricing that we see for that particular year.
Hugh Johnston: And Peter, just as a reminder, both Ramon and I have said in the past that our goal is to be at the high end of that guidance. And also as a reminder, recall 5 years or so ago, our long-term guidance was 4% to 6%, but we were struggling to get to 4%. We were averaging somewhere in the low to mid-3s. So it's obviously a material acceleration where we've been as recently as 5 years ago.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks, good morning everyone. And congratulations on the strong results this year. I would like an update on PBNA, please, on 2 fronts, Mountain Dew and then segment margins more broadly. So market share, nice to see Gatorade performing well, though the company's market share continues to slide here a bit in CSDs, most notably with one of your power brands in Mountain Dew. So Ramon, perhaps an update there on your investment plans behind Mountain Dew to try to turn around some of the share loss. And then just relatedly, how does the scope of your investment, not just in Dew, but broadly in PBNA, how does that impact your other key priority within that segment of restoring margins towards mid-teens? So thank you for that.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Kevin. We feel good about or very good, actually, about the progress that PBNA is making in this triangle of growing the top line, improving the margins and keeping share. And that's the balance we're trying to strike every year as we go forward. Now there are things of the portfolio, we feel very good and things that we have to do work, things that we feel very good as you mentioned, all the sports nutrition category. Gatorade, obviously but Propel and some of the other brands are doing very, very well. That's a big area of investment. We're getting the returns. We feel very good about the Pepsi brand. Pepsi brand is growing well. Now we're investing behind Zero, as we discussed. We feel good about the coffee portfolio. Finally, we've gone beyond some of the supply chain challenges, and that Starbucks range is going to be very, very good for us. Already, we saw it in Q4. It's going to continue this year. We feel good about Energy. We feel good about Energy, the steps we're making to improve Rockstar, as I said, the coffee portfolio. And then the Celsius integration into our portfolio has gone very smoothly, and that brand has - keeps gaining market share behind our improved distribution, and I think the attractiveness of the product. So that is a very strong set of growth opportunities that we're going to continue to dial up in our investments and our execution and our customer plans, which are very strong for 2023. Now as you mentioned, an opportunity is Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew, we keep refining the positioning. We keep refining the product, and we're going to be investing. But this is just a small part of a very large portfolio, and there's a lot of positives in that portfolio. Now when you see the triangle, we're trying to improve the margins as well. As we said, we are not deviating from our long-term goal, actually, not so long-term goal to go to mid-teens with this business. You saw we're progressing in Q4. It was a good step forward, and that continues to be the plan for 2023 and beyond. So we're going to dial it up efficiency. We're going to dial up our investment behind the key brands. And we're improving our execution, which has been painful throughout the COVID and subsequent year, especially as labor market was very tight.
Hugh Johnston: And Kevin, just to add a few numbers to that. For the year, PBNA grew revenue 11%, which is obviously quite strong, and operating profit grew strongly as well. As Ramon mentioned, the mid-teens margin thesis is still very much intact and the drivers are still very much intact. For the year, we improved operating margins 43 basis points in the business. And in the fourth quarter, margins were up 110 basis points. So we're making good progress and good momentum on both fronts. Top line has obviously been terrific, and we're making good progress on the cost side as well, and I expect we'll continue to see improvement into 2023.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: Hi, thank you. Good morning. I was hoping that we could dive into the Frito-Lay margin expectations, please. Obviously, the top line has seriously benefited from very effective advertising, but we have seen a couple of years of margin compression there. So how should we think about that going forward, please? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, the Frito business is the jewel of PepsiCo. And this business, we've put a lot of investments in the last couple of years and continues to respond every year better to those to those investments. Investments went into quality of product, investments wanting to increased advertising, broader portfolio of brands that we're supporting. Investments wanting to go to market, even some infrastructure bottlenecks that we had in our distribution systems. The truth is that we feel very good about this business growing very close to 18%, I think, in the -- for the full year. And the operating profit growth of Frito this year is in the double digits, which we haven't seen in like in the history almost. So we're feeling good about the balance of growth, top line, bottom line that we see in Frito. And as you can imagine, we will continue to invest in Frito-Lay in the coming years because that's the highest margin business in PepsiCo and the highest ROIC that we can have in our investment.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And again, just to put a few numbers to the points Ramon was making. We have a Frito business with a 27% operating margin for the full year, which is a really wonderful operating margin, obviously. And when you have a margin that high, your goal should be grow that business as fast as you possibly can. We grew at 18% in the fourth quarter and 17% for the full year. This is Frito-Lay, 17% full year revenue growth. So look, obviously, you can't continue to see margins go down. But at the same time, with 11% dollar operating profit growth for Frito-Lay, that's terrific operating profit growth. That's an equation we're certainly happy with for the year. We feel like Frito had just an outstanding year. We'd love to have a couple more like this one here.
Ramon Laguarta: What we feel very strong is about the quality of our commercial execution in a broader sense from the way we're innovating to the way our brands are coming in front of consumers, both our large brands, right, Doritos, Lay's, Ruffles, Cheetos, but also the smaller brands, small portfolio there, we're building a beautiful small brands like Smart Foods or PopCorners or off the Eaten Path and some others that are completing that portfolio to compared to multiple occasions, different type of cohorts. And I think the team is doing a fantastic job.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Just wanted to kind of circle back to Dara's first question and maybe if you could give us a little bit of sense. I mean the 6% sales growth, is there -- are you contemplating any volume in that? Or is it all -- you could almost be almost a rollover pricing from 2022. So just trying to get a little bit more granular on that. And then how does the -- in the U.S., how does the promotional environment look? Are you seeing any sense or any pull from retailers to do a little bit more promo? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Robert, it's Hugh. Let me try to take a shot at that. Look, obviously, 6% revenue growth in Consumer Products is still a very healthy growth rate, and we certainly feel good about that as the guide. Would we expect volumes to be down? Perhaps they'll be down a little bit. Let's see how the year plays out. Right now, the consumer is still quite good. But we also have to plan for multiple scenarios. And in the back half of the year, given interest rates are as high as they are, it wouldn't be shocking if there were a mild recession in the U.S. and in some of our developed markets. We've taken actions in terms of productivity to make sure in a recessionary environment, we're still well insulated to hit our numbers. But we've got to plan the business such that with interest rates as high as they are, you could certainly see some impact over time on the top line. So that's kind of the way that we're thinking about this one. And then let's see how the year plays out. If the year plays out better, then that's great. We'll invest back. And I think we'll -- everybody will be happy with that outcome.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I think we've discussed in previous conversations. The way we do these processes, we have multiple scenarios of things that could happen actually the last few years, if we've learned something is that we should expect the unexpected. So all these scenarios, we feel good about delivering our guidance in any of those scenarios. Now the role of each one of our business unit leaders is to beat the plan. So that's how we're starting the year and how we will play the year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC. Your line is open.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Two quick questions. First, Hugh, on China and just the re-opening. Just wanted to get your thoughts on how we should be thinking about some of the implications and if it's been kind of contemplated in your guidance. I mean, obviously, oil and gas pricing could -- is the obvious. But is there anything else we should be thinking about? And then Ramon, I wanted to ask kind of how perhaps you close things about various substrates within the Frito-Lay business. So you think about cauliflower rice, I mean, Frito-Lay dominates corn and potato. And just given long-term, consumers seem to be kind of adopting some of these new substrates. Just wanted to understand the plants PepsiCo has in terms of capacity build? Or if you don't think these substrates are actually going to be meaningful in the future? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean you mistake that. I'll cover the China consumer business well. I think, listen, China, obviously, we're seeing the consumer happy to be free kind of. And the consumer will obviously spend more. I think that's obvious. So there is an opportunity in reassessing the China demand and what it means for all the businesses in that country. So obviously, we have two meaningful businesses, snacks and beverages. And we'll -- I think we'll benefit from that increased demand. Will it change the PepsiCo growth? No, I think that it's an important market, but not to that extent. Now with regards to the Frito-Lay innovation portfolio beyond our potatoes, our corn or wheat, we have already large businesses in rice snacks, for example, you think about the Quaker snacks. We have a pretty sizable business that is in rice snacks and it's growing very fast. Within the Frito portfolio, there are also different substrates that we're playing. Off the Eaten Path is a great example. You have multigrains, then you have smaller substrates. One substrate that we like a lot is Chickpea. Chickpea has a high nutritional values, and it's I think it's a substrate that we are starting to work on agro, and we're starting to work on different layers to create advantage in that substrate. So yes, we see that strategically as an incremental opportunity to broaden our portfolio beyond the more traditional substrates where we build a lot of supply chain advantage and innovation advantage and brand advantage. But I think our brands can expand into other spaces, especially some of those smaller brands, but also we're thinking about some of our bigger brands as well.
Hugh Johnston: And Nick, just to put a finer point on Ramon's narrative around China. Well, it's strategically quite an important market for us, obviously, given the size and potential there. Currently, it's about 3% of PepsiCo's sales. So it's not going to be a major driver in the numbers for a few years.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse. Your line is open
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi, guys good morning. Can you elaborate a bit more perhaps on the beverage alcohol strategy? It's been a bit of time now since you first kicked it off. And maybe the big question is you talked about Frito-Lay. You have several very large, very profitable businesses. This isn't yet one of them. But how big or how far does it have to get before it can be more relevant to the overall Pepsi story?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, we see an opportunity in expanding our distribution capabilities to other spaces in the U.S. and maybe eventually in other parts of the world in beverages and also in snacks. So the alcohol distribution strategy that we have is one that is, I would say, embryonary in the way that both geographically and from the amount of brands that we carry in our portfolio. We are very focused in getting it right, in getting the learnings, getting the execution right, is different, right, and selling our soft drinks, our sport drinks or other brands. There are more nuances, regulatory-wise and execution-wise. So we're in that process of learning. I think strategically, you should see this becoming an important part of our business in the U.S. But we're going to learn before we scale up. And I wouldn't think about this as we're going to be an alcohol distributor. I think we're going to choose a few partners that will create brands with us and products, and we will be distributors of a small portfolio of high-potential brands rather than just a lot of brands in our distribution system, which will be too complex and probably little value for us.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Christopher Carey: Hi, good morning. Hugh, I wanted to actually ask about just SG&A. Certainly, investment has been a key topic for the company as ever, but including this year and especially in Q4 with how the year ended. But I'm also looking at your filings this morning, which show that distribution costs have probably been the one line item where the SG&A increases have been most significant. Clearly, marketing is growing, but not as big of a contributor. And so I'm just trying to understand what's going on here specifically. Is this your being offensive with investments into your shipping and handling network? Is this natural inflation? Should this level of inflation on that line item specifically continue? Or as freight rates are starting to ease, should we start thinking about inflation here easing and perhaps you can start investing in other areas? So I'm really just trying to understand the complexion of spending here just being a little bit different than where I would have thought it'd come in. So any context would be very helpful? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Sure, Chris. Let me just share a couple of thoughts on that. Number one, just as a reminder, distribution is obviously highly variable with the volume and with revenue as well because we paid salesman on commissions. So that's obviously going to be a factor in the numbers. Number two, the costs that are embedded in there also include the cost of creating displays in the marketplace. And that's part of what we represent as investments. So whether it's coolers on the beverage side, either in convenience stores or front-end coolers and supermarkets or in mass merchants and the like, and also fountain equipment in the food service channels, where we're growing at a very healthy clip, is a part of all that as well. In addition to that, even on the food side, display racks and POS, all of those things that are really outsized contributors to growth that frankly, we've created a ton of win-win solutions with our customers on is part of what makes them continue to vote for us as the number one supplier in Cantor. Those investments are value-producing investments for both the customers and us. And so without getting into the granular details of how much exactly is in each of those buckets, I think a lot of what you're seeing is a reflection of the things that we're doing in the selling and distribution system to drive the kind of growth that we've been seeing.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And to your question on Q4, yes, we decided to invest both in consumer, as you saw from our A&M growth in the quarter, and also as Hugh was saying, in making sure our installed equipment base in the market, and this is very relevant in the U.S. But also internationally, we continue to gain space, space being a key lever of for categories like ours that are input-based categories, space and it's a critical lever of performance in the marketplace, and it is a driver of share of market. So those two were there. We also invested in systems and some of the capabilities, especially digitalization capabilities that we thought we had a window of investment in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush. Your line is open.
Gerald Pascarelli: Hi, good morning. Thanks very much for the question. Mine is actually on energy drinks. So now that the Celsius transition has been completed, I was just looking for some color around your market strategy for driving distribution for both Rockstar and Celsius in tandem. Are there any specific strategies or considerations around channel mix to be mindful of, in particular given how under-penetrated the Celsius products are at convenience? Any color you could provide on your strategy would be helpful? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Good question. And clearly, as we said, we have four pillars in the energy strategy. They all become an integrated portfolio as we execute in stores. So having this set of solutions with Rockstar, Celsius, Mountain Dew Energy and coffee gives us the opportunity to go to our customers and strategize with them new space opportunities that we didn't have in the past. So I think it's very positive for Celsius, and we're already seeing that. If you look at the Nielsen numbers or any distribution metrics that you want to check, distribution is improving. Displays are improving. The same with Rockstar. Rockstar was a brand that was very Western-based and some parts of the U.S., and now we're expanding to other parts of the U.S. So I think there is a lot of synergies in the point-of-sale execution as we have a portfolio that is catering to different cohorts, complements each other and gives our customers the opportunity to get better return on their space. So that's the strategy is working well. Clearly, Celsius is gaining market share. Rockstar is growing. As I said earlier, the Starbucks portfolio is growing very fast now that we have better supply chain opportunities. So I think we feel good about Energy. It's a category that is growing ahead of LRB again, and we need to play strong in that segment to be -- to gain share as we were planning to do, obviously, this year.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. I think this is the end of our conversation. So thank you very much for joining us in the conversation today. And especially thank you for the confidence that you've placed in PepsiCo with your investments. We wish you the best and hope you all stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-12 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and our updated 2022 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, October 12, 2022, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our third quarter 2022 earnings release and our third quarter 2022 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Teixeira with JPMorgan. Your lines is open.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning and congrats on the results. I was hoping to get more clarity on both the price elasticity and the reinvestments you called out. We all appreciate that you're conservative but it seems that you're embedding a 7% organic growth for the fourth quarter. And given the high single-digit pricing, are you expecting volumes to be negative in the range of 2% or 3% against the 1% negative that you got in the Q3? And then if I may, I can, I want to ask a cash flow question.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Andrea, it's Hugh. Obviously, we've seen elasticity continue to be strong and stronger than expected through three quarters of the year. So in terms of the math that you've done, the math is certainly accurate. And obviously, we are carefully watching what happens with the consumer. We obviously exited the third quarter with the consumer still very healthy in terms of our particular categories. I'm not sure that's true broadly with housing and other big ticket purchases. So, we'll see what elasticities look like in the fourth quarter, but I don't disagree with your math, what you said is accurate.
Andrea Teixeira: If I can squeeze the -- sorry.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, this is Ramon. With regards to investments, the philosophy, we've been using in the last few years to continue to balance the short term and long term. I think it's realizing in good performance. We continue to invest in our brands. We're investing a lot in digitalizing the Company and some of the long-term sustainability bets that we're making as well. So, we continue with that, and next quarter will not be different than any of the other quarters that in the year. So, you should assume that we're looking at reinvesting in the next quarter and entering '23 with strength on the commercial side and on the investment side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: I was just struck again by the strength in the pricing particularly - everywhere, but particularly in Europe and how even though volumes are off holding on really well. So just curious knowing how much of that business is skewed towards Western Europe and if you could talk a little bit about revenue management versus straight list pricing. What you can tell us just to put a little bit more context and color around how that magnitude of pricing is being realized? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Europe, as you well say, has been impacted more than other parts of the world on the cost. And therefore, we've had to lean into revenue management, probably stronger than other regions in the business. The team has been investing in those capabilities for some time already. And it's been a combination of mix management and pure pricing across most of the geographies, East and West. We've had a good summer, which tends to drive more impulse sales and those channels have higher price per liter or price per kilo. So that is reflected in the pricing in Q3. And then also the teams have been courageous in some of the large banks and in home formats as well across what you call Western Europe. So a combination of visual pricing and some channel management. The truth is that our brands have the investment we've made in the brands in the last few years are paying off in the sense that our brands are being stretched to higher price points and consumers are following us in Europe and in other parts of the world as you saw with the volume to pricing realization in the U.S. or even other emerging markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Dara Mohsenian: So I was just hoping to get a bit of perspective on the sustainability of the organic sales growth we're seeing as you look out longer term, obviously, the second straight year of double-digit organic sales growth, so very robust levels, but there is some COVID recovery in beverages. There's excess pricing with limited demand elasticity. So just looking for some long-term perspective on, if you're incrementally positive to the mid-single-digit long-term trajectory after the last couple of years, and as you look at some of those key drivers of growth, which ones are more sustainable longer term? And then if I can slip the second part in, just a follow-up on Andrea's question. Have you seen anything in the business in September or October so far in Q4 that's different than generally the underlying momentum you saw in Q3 just given some worries about macros here, et cetera, and some short-term volatility? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Dara, it's Hugh. A couple of things, number one, you know our long-term guidance on revenue is four to six. And as Ramon and I have talked about in the past, we've always been pushing ourselves to how do we get to the upper end of the range on that on a more consistent basis. Given the combination of high pricing right now as well as relatively low elasticity, it's difficult to figure out exactly how that might project going forward. And that's sort of a long-term comment. I'm not going to give it to '23 on today's call as is our practice. We'll talk about that in February. But our aspiration remains the same, which is, we want to go and push hard on top line. We think it's great for the organization. We think it ultimately creates more value than any other strategy, but no change in terms of long-term guidance at this point. It's just been -- the times are just so interesting. It's hard to figure out what that projects forward into.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean what I would say on top of what he was saying is that our categories seem to be growing faster than food and food is growing faster than non-food. I don't think that's going to change. We've seen, I think, affordable treats and small moments of pleasure continue to be a key need state, I think, consumers today and our categories play in that space. So that I think we should assume that, that will continue in spite of all the ups and downs, potentially economically around the world. The second element, I think it's fair to assume as well is that we are gaining share in many, many markets across our geographies, both in snacks and beverages. We should assume that given the investments we're making, the quality of brands and people that we have in a lot of the markets, we should assume that in the future, we will continue to gain share, at least that's our aspiration, and we try to continue to invest and get better every quarter in that respect. So when you compare to the average of food, you should assume we'll do better and hopefully will do better than our categories. Those are the variables that we look at every month as we assess our performance. And as you are saying, our long-term 4% to 6%, I think it remains valid. Clearly, a 16% quarter is an outstanding quarter, with a lot of pricing and we don't think that's a sustainable performance for the business. But obviously, we're aspiring to beat our long term as many quarters as possible.
Operator: Our next question is Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bonnie Herzog: Your top line growth in the quarter, as we've all been discussing, was very impressive, but it was fully driven by strong price realization. So I guess my question is on your market share. Could you give us a sense of how your share has been trending in both maybe your beverage and Frito-Lay businesses? And then I know a priority of yours is to improve your op margins in PBNA, especially. So maybe give us a sense of how you're going to balance market share growth with profitability growth going forward?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Bonnie, let me start with a share and then Hugh will top it out with the margin philosophy on PBNA. On share, we're seeing -- consistent with the trends that we saw last year and earlier this year, we've seen gains in, I would say, 70%, 75% of our markets in what we call, foods, convenient foods, salty snacks, and we're seeing about 70% gains in about -- in the beverage markets internationally. So that's -- basically, we're competing well across most of our geographies, emerging markets, developing markets and developed markets across both categories. In particular, to the U.S., as you mentioned, Frito-Lay is accelerating its share gains. Q3 was very strong. It was almost a couple of points of share gains in what we measure as savory market, both in value and also there was a share gains in volume, so both volume and value. When we look at the beverage business in the U.S., we held share in total LRB in the quarter. That's a good performance with very good performance in sports. So sports has been a priority category for us, the recovery of the Gatorade brand. We have invested a lot for the last couple of years. Our innovation is working. Our brand building is working. Our commercial execution is working and we gained meaningful share in the quarter, which makes us very happy, obviously, given the efforts the team has put in that brand. We're gaining share in teas. We're getting share in coffees. So, multiple categories where the business is performing very well, and we are losing share in CSDs. I would say Pepsi is doing quite well. Mountain Dew is a brand that we're working on to continue to gain share. But overall, we measure our performance as total LRB and total LRB share in the quarter was flat to the category as you saw double-digit growth, which is a pretty good performance for PBNA.
Hugh Johnston: Right. And I'll build on that, Bonnie. One of our goals clearly is to both gain share and to grow margins. And frankly, that's something that I think we can do. I don't view it as an either/or, I view it as an and. We ought to be able to do both. Obviously, we try to price through inflation and we always set that out as a goal. We were a little bit short of that in the quarter. Gross margins were down by about 20 basis points as I'm sure you've noted. But then we also focus on the balance of the cost structure, making sure that we're as efficient as we can possibly be and try and to eliminate waste wherever we can find it. We were successful on that in the third quarter as well. So, operating margins were up about 30 basis points. So our plan is to be able to do exactly that gain share ideally price through inflation. If we're a little bit short of that, we're going to continue to focus on driving the balance of the cost structure so that if the revenue growth does start to soften up a little bit, we'll still be in a position to deliver superior financial results. Regarding PBNA specifically and the margin goal that we've set out there of getting to mid-teens, that is still very, very much intact. That is absolutely the plan. So that's where we stand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Congratulations on the strong results. A question for Hugh on commodity inflation from here and you may be a little bit concerned. I know you don't want to give forward guidance, but we're starting to see key inputs soften here oil, resin, aluminum, among others, as you're well aware. Hoping to get your updated thoughts on your inflation outlook, anything you'd be willing to share with respect to hedge positions, preliminary outlook looking out to next year? And then your ability to continue to offset with pricing and cost and RGM tools. Is it fair to assume that kind of going forward, it will be a little bit more reliant on cost management, revenue growth management as opposed to pricing? Do you feel like you'd be maybe a little bit more constrained given the extent of the pricing that's been taken so far? So two-part question, any thoughts there would be helpful.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Happy to try, Kevin, although I think it might have been four parts, not two, but we'll go with it anyway. Anyway, a couple of things, number one, commodity for this year, high teens is where we're going to land. That's not a change relative to what we've talked about in the past. In terms of hedge positions and forward buy, as we've discussed before, we tend to be out about six to nine months, and that's consistent with past practice. That's the way we're operating the commodity cycle. That clearly puts us somewhat into next year, but not anywhere near all the way through next year. As you've no doubt observed, some of the commodity inputs for us, although I'll remind you, our basket is pretty dispersed. There's not a single commodity that even accounts for 10% of the basket. But you've seen some softening in commodity prices that will play its way into our commodities going forward. And then regarding specific numbers for next year, I'm sure I won't surprise you by telling you, we'll talk about that in February for a couple of reasons. The biggest of which is we'll have more line of sight to be able to give you a better number and frankly, to give you something that you really can model and rely on. At this point, I think it's just a little bit too early for that. And in addition, it just takes us to a place where, frankly, we just wind up doing a lot of partial analysis, which I don't think is productive for you or for the Company. Regarding pricing, we increased prices at the beginning of the fourth quarter based on what we knew at that point. And going forward, with the investments that we've made in brands, I still think we're capable of taking whatever pricing we need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Stephen Powers: Ramon, I wanted to ask on Gatorade and Fast Twitch. First, I'd love some -- just more detail around your expectations for that particular innovation in the role you see it playing in the Gatorade portfolio generally. But I guess, more broadly, I'm wondering, how you're thinking about the intersection of sports nutrition and the energy drink categories on a broad basis? How far you think Gatorade may be able to expand into what we've traditionally thought of as the energy drink end market? And where that ranks in terms of the priorities for future Gatorade investment?
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Steve. It's a very good question. And one that we're obviously spending a lot of time thinking about how far can we take at Gatorade, which is obviously a very strong franchise long with, I would say, high performance athletes much broader than that. What we're seeing is a lot of the innovation that we put under the brand in the last 1.5 years or so, 2 years is working very well, starting with Zero. Zero has been a great success for Gatorade. It's brought into the franchise a lot of labs consumers that have left the brand because of the sugar content, especially, I would say, people that just exercise regularly, but not at high performance level. That's one. Then we -- the two recent innovations, Gatorlyte and GFit also are working well for the brand, bringing incremental consumers or incremental occasions to the category. So, we're happy with the obviously core Gatorade but the three other new innovations. With regards to Fast Twitch, what we're seeing is that more and more athletes are drinking caffeine and then also hydration during the game or before the game or at the end of the game, so different parts of their exercise. So, we think there is a role for Gatorade to play in that space, providing some additional stimulant to the performance, but also providing the hydration in one single consumption. We've been told by the trainers and by other people that work with the athletes to go and help them. So this ring has been developed with the athletes, developed with the trainers with that occasion in mind. And we think that Gatorade plays very well. It has a lot of, I think, credibility to play in that space of hydration and caffeine for better performance. So we're launching it, as you know, with the NFL and we'll go full blast as of early next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. First question, just a follow-up on the pricing on Frito-Lay North America. If you could kind of give us a breakout between headline pricing, product mix and channel. And then my real question is, you're introducing a lot of additional complexity into the portfolio with different flavors and package sizes. Can you just talk a little bit about how you're looking at that from a supply chain side? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, listen, as with any one of our businesses, we're looking at multiple ways to increase our revenue per kilo in this case with continuing to maintain the consumer in our brands and obviously gain share as we do that. So that's the strategy. We'll use multiple levers. So visual pricing, lower promotions, pushing for the formats where we have higher revenue per liter or per kilo, moving into channels, obviously, where we can price more because the consumer has different price expectations. All those tools are well integrated into our full commercial program. And that's the way Frito's doing it, but the same is being done in beverages North America or any of our international markets emerging or developing or developed. So that's a consistent capability we've been investing. We're becoming much more digital, becoming much more insightful and precise as a company. And that applies -- linking to your second question, that applies also to our supply chain. I think we're becoming much more integrated in our forecasting to demand forecast into supply and we're able to execute a certain level of higher complexity in our business. We're automating -- we're becoming better at execution in that respect. I would say we're not running a perfect company at this point, given all the challenges there is still in supply chain of ingredients and some of the transportation bottlenecks, but I would say we're able to cope with higher levels of complexity throughout the Frito-Lay given your question or any of the other organizations that we have around the world. However, I will say that we have very strict processes of portfolio optimization that are being run quarterly in each one of our businesses, so each one of the business goes through a pretty strict process of rationalization and elimination of unnecessary complexity regularly. So on the one side, we want to have more complexity because we know that consumers appreciate personalization and a lot of varieties is a key, I think, advantage for us in our categories. But at the same time, we go through rigid processes that eliminate unnecessary complexity and keep our cost down given supply chain but in any respect, given what it is to run a good business.
Operator: Our next question is Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Can we talk just a bit more about cash flow? And with the year coming in better than expected, is there excess cash on the balance sheet or any thoughts around that? And then maybe in the same context, just maybe an update on what the M&A environment looks like at the moment, given we're going through a kind of a difficult period? I wonder if assets are more perhaps more interesting than they would have been before.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to jump in on that well, Kaumil. In terms of cash flow, you're right. We are performing well this year on cash flow and obviously, feel terrific about that. I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as excess cash. But certainly, we're coming from a relatively strong cash position. In addition to that, and you know our philosophy on how we manage the balance sheet. Well, we actually are very much fixed in terms of our debt rates and our average maturity now, I think, is about 12 years at this point. So the refinancing elements of what we need to do are relatively small. Our towers going forward are about $2.5 billion to $3 billion a year going forward. So we've got a lot of flexibility in terms of managing rising interest rates. In terms of where that might take us in the future, again, we'll talk about that in '23. Regarding M&A, no real change in our capital allocation policies broadly, M&A has obviously played something of a role in our past. We're still largely focus on tuck-ins where, frankly, we can value. But beyond that, it's really difficult to speculate on what might or might not happen certainly not setting any indications at all, but we've got anything on the horizon whatsoever. But we'll always be looking at things. We don't really pass in terms of taking a look at anything. But as you know, we rarely transact. So I don't expect any change at all in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Can you just comment on the stickiness of pricing across CPG, there's been a growing debate about whether some of these price increases would need to be dealt back with either list price reversal of accelerated promotion? I suppose a lot it goes that it's such a typical commodity environment. And if the environment changes, they typically the other way during a recession or perhaps demand flows that price rollbacks are not entirely out of the question, even if they're not historically consistent practice. What are your thoughts on how the business might confront pricing versus promotion, especially in an environment of commodity deflation especially if demand starts to slow?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, listen, I think this is a difficult question to answer. The environment clearly is still very inflationary with a lot of supply chain challenges across the industry and everybody trying to have responsible behaviors to maximize the value of its brands. So our philosophy is the same. We continue to invest in advertising and marketing, make sure that we have very strong innovation, very strong commercial plans. That's where we put the focus of our organization. We're trying to be growth drivers to our customers. I mean if you look at the majority of our conversation with our customers, center around growth and how do we develop our categories, continue to bring consumers into the category, continue to bring new occasions into the category, and that's the role I think we play to our customers and to the -- how we create value for the Company long term. So we'll continue with that focus, trying to create brands that can stand for higher value to consumers and consumers are willing to pay more for our brands. We'll continue with that philosophy. And we'll see where the cost environment goes in the coming years. Obviously, we're -- if anything that these last two years have taught us is that we want to become more agile and more nimble and more flexible, and that's what we're doing across the Company.
Operator: Our last question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Your line is open.
Peter Grom: I hope you're doing well. So I wanted to ask about the Celsius distribution agreement. Maybe just to start, why was the structure of this partnership the right one for PepsiCo? And then I guess maybe any initial views on kind of how the transition to your distribution network is going? And maybe just last, if I can squeeze it in here, just bigger picture, I guess, like what have you learned from either your own brands? What happened with Bang that really gives you greater confidence in the success of this partnership looking ahead? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Happy to talk past that, Peter. First, the transition is going very well. We're, at this point, over 80% integrated Celsius into the PepsiCo system, and we think it's off to a terrific start, and I think you'd probably hear the same thing from the folks down at Celsius. We're excited about the business. We think it got a nicely differentiated proposition, and we're proud and happy to have it on our trucks and think it's going to be a great business for us. In terms of the structure, frankly, we looked at it and said, look, we'd like to do a distribution agreement, but we knew we were going to create some additional value for the Company and we felt like we should participate in that value. And we set up a structure that enabled us to do that. It doesn't take us any further than what you see right now and it puts us in a position where it's preferred. So, we'll either get paid based on the preferred or down the road at the relatively small position we have could convert at some point. So we felt like it was a good value-creating structure for PepsiCo. I wouldn't read anything more into it than that. And then more broadly, on the energy portfolio, our approach has been one of having a portfolio of brands. We like that approach because we think as the energy category starts to segment into different types of consumers and different types of need states. Having a portfolio approach will ultimately position us best to take advantage of that. Obviously, we're in a building position here, whether it's Rockstar or Mountain Dew Energy or what we're doing with Celsius or for that matter, even the Starbucks Coffee Energy business. But we now think we have three or four different ways to compete, to capture that consumer's business. So we like where we sit in that growth.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I would -- Peter, I would endorse what he was saying. I think from the portfolio point of view, Celsius probably brings -- it's a better complement to the rest of brands or vectors of growth that we had in this category earlier. We feel good. I think it appeals to consumers that are different than what Rockstar would appeal to or what some of the Starbucks or obviously, some of the Gatorade consumers would appeal to. So I think we're in a better place to play in the broader category to continue to bring consumers to our franchise. And as Hugh said, the partnership is strong. We've learned also on the -- how to build stronger and more statistically aligned partnerships. And hopefully, this one, I'm sure it is going to be a much more durable and much more value creative for both companies. So, it's still too early, obviously. We only started October 1st, and it's 80% of the territories, but early signs are very positive, and the alignment and the commercial collaboration between the two companies is very strong. Okay. So I think the Q&A is over. So I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and for, obviously, the confidence that you've placed in us with your investments. We hope that you guys all stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-12 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, updated 2022 organic revenue guidance and the potential impact of both the COVID-19 pandemic and the deadly conflict in Ukraine on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our views as of today, July 12, 2022, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our second quarter 2022 earnings release and second quarter 2022 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Such strong numbers across the board. But I was curious if we could talk a little bit about the convenience and gas channel in the U.S. I know that you've noted on one hand, consumers are making more frequent trips to get gas allows for more opportunities to go in and buy a snack or a drink. But on the other hand, they're spending a boatload of money to fill up their tank or to the degree they're filling it up, so the counter could be less extra money to spend when they go into the store. So I was just curious if you could talk about what it is that you're seeing currently? I know C&G has been an area of incremental investment for you in the last couple of months, particularly on the Frito side. And just an update on, I guess, yield from those investments and what you're seeing in terms of consumer purchasing behavior.
Ramon Laguarta: Lauren, yes, listen, these are important channels you're saying, and we've been investing in the U.S. and other parts of the world in this impulse channel. The trends are quite stable from what we've seen since Q4. And as the gasoline price went up, the consumption on beverages and snacks in that particular channel has been pretty stable. A bit less volume, a bit more price as we -- second quarter versus first quarter. But overall, sales has remained stable, high single digit, a bit of a difference between beverages and snacks. Snacks a bit higher than beverages, but stable. And that has continued into the last few weeks. So we don't see any meaningful consumer behavioral change as gas prices go up. Obviously, we're watching this channel very carefully as an indicator of potential consumer behavioral change. But so far, high incidents in our categories, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian : I just want to talk a bit about pricing relative to costs. Obviously, another quarter of very exceptionally strong pricing in Q2. Ramon, are you hearing any pushback from the retailer trade that's different than normal? It's been a topic of discussion more in CPG in general. So just curious for your views on retailer pushback and ability to continue to take pricing going forward, including what that might mean for the fall. And then Hugh, can you just give us an update on the cost outlook for 2022? And given hedging, how much hedging do you have in place? Does that sort of create a hangover for '23? I know you won't guide for '23, but just how you think about the pricing versus cost gap for '23 based on where we stand today might be helpful at least conceptually.
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Dara, yes, obviously, our past partners and ourselves, we're looking at consumers very carefully and the evolution of their decision when it comes to the overall basket or particular categories. So normally, we have pretty positive conversations with our partners, and we're looking at how do we continue to keep our consumers in our categories as we obviously have to pass some of these costs to the consumer, how do we do it in a way that doesnt impact volume, and it continues to generate growth for them and growth for us. And those are the type of conversations we're having. Obviously, we're all concerned in a way about the high inflation and how that's going to impact. Especially as we look at the full consumer universe, the lower part of the income pyramid, that's where we're all looking more carefully. And we're making decisions on entry point in the categories and how do we continue to have that particular consumer engaged in our categories. The conversations are always -- there's always tensions in those conversations. There will continue to be tensions. But in general, they're very positive conversations the ones we have because we play a role and that's our strategic intent to be growth drivers for our partners, and we go through these conversations very transparently and very positively to generate growth and additional margin for our customers. So that's the way the situation is and will continue the balance of the year and into -- as we start thinking about the plans for next year.
Hugh Johnston : Right. Dara, in terms of cost, as you know, our first focus whenever we're faced with inflation is to try to drive incremental productivity on our internal costs. And I think we've been doing a pretty good job of that. I mean we've seen this year some of the strongest productivity we've seen in a number of years. That puts us in a relatively better position when we're faced with commodity inflation because we're not necessarily forced to price it all through. We can take a more consumer-centric approach to dealing with the inflation and the subsequent pricing. Balance of the year inflation is higher than it is for the first half of the year. I think we've mentioned in the past, we're in the teens in terms of commodity inflation. That will continue, but a little bit higher in the back half. But we do expect stronger productivity in the back half as well. So I think from an overall cost outlook, our guidance certainly captures all of that, and I think it puts us in a position where we've got high confidence in delivering the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So the market share gains you alluded to in PBNA and -- not PBNA, sorry, in snacks, and in general, we've been pretty positive. And I know it has been a narrative that there's some service level issues in both cases and especially in North America. I'm wondering if you can comment on that. And then separately on LatAm, and I think you mentioned Ramon and Hugh, in terms of like balancing what you just said, inflation getting worse. And of course, Latin America has been extremely resilient for a region that has obviously a lot of pressure on gas prices as well. So I wonder if you can comment on where the strength is coming from, if you're getting more space in the big box? Is it also Bodega Aurrer or Atacado or anything like that, that gives you comfort that you continue to gain share from a very organic basis and despite the pricing? And if you can comment again on the service levels in the U.S.
Ramon Laguarta : Great. Okay. Thank you, Andrea. I'll talk about share in a minute. But if you think about our role and you're referring to snacks in your questions mostly, but that you can apply these to beverages. Our #1 responsibility as a large player in both snacks and beverages is to make sure the category grows and continues to grow in any circumstance, either economic, positive economic or negative economic, high inflation, low inflation. That is our main responsibility because that's the health of the business really. So everything we're doing in our commercial plans in the U.S., outside of the U.S. is make sure that we have strong brand programs, channel programs, execution programs, innovation programs that continue to make our category preferred over other categories, and we're seeing that. And that's the main reason why when you see the growth that we're delivering and the low elasticities we're having in many countries around the world, that is the main reason. We're continuing to have very strong commercial programs that continue to attract consumers to our categories because of innovation, because of execution and great brand program. Now having said that, on the share front, we're also seeing gains across many countries around the world. That has been a consequence of the investments we've been making in the brands for now -- several years. We've strengthened our go-to-market capabilities, our digital capabilities. Our brands are looking more modern and more engaging for consumers. Our innovation is great. So I think those are the combinations. Your question on Latin America, we're seeing -- and I think it relates to the amount of transfers, money transfers that are coming from the U.S. into Latin America. We're seeing that number really high as a consequence of the high employment in the U.S. and the higher salaries. We're seeing that money being transferred to a lot of the economies in LatAm, and that's helping a lot of disposable income in those countries. And we're seeing, to our surprise really, from the beginning of the year, very low elasticity. It's actually positive elasticities even though, obviously, we're passing price to the consumer in those markets in intelligent ways and in ways that consumers will feel less pressure on. But I think disposable income in LatAm is above what it was in the past, a consequence of developed economies doing very well and money going into LatAm and the consumer is feeling good in Latin America. Also, post-COVID we're seeing behaviors of social expansion, if you want. So consumers coming out of the houses, consumers having more fun externally in LatAm and in many parts of the world. That tends to drive higher consumption of categories because people get together and have fun and we are part of fun experiences normally. So that's how we're seeing the trends in our categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane : All right. Maybe, Hugh, if you could just talk a little bit about maybe headwinds, tailwinds in the back half of the year. And I guess it's in the context of you raised organic sales guidance this morning, but kept the EPS basically the same. So is that a function of concerns about costs? I know you mentioned some of that in response to Dara's question, foreign exchange, just volatility in the world. Just kind of how you think about the -- maybe how some of the risks or headwinds, tailwinds might have evolved as you look into the second half?
Hugh Johnston : Yes. Bryan, obviously, the first thing that we're thinking about these days is just the level of volatility in the world. And we do what we can to insulate ourselves against that volatility. We have zero-floating rate debt. So we've insulated ourselves against that. We forward buy on commodities. We insulate ourselves against that. We try to do as much as we can to create a predictable work environment so that we have -- we can manage our labor costs well. But there's obviously macros that are out there that are more volatile than they were a few years ago. So as we sort of look at things, clearly, as I mentioned before, commodities is a bit higher in the back half than they are in the first half. That's incorporated into all of this. We're still watching elasticities closely as Ramon just mentioned. Elasticities are good right now. We don't plan for them to be as strong in the back half, and we'll see what happens with that. It's certainly hard to gauge because inflation is having so much impact on the consumer in so many ways. But as we looked at all of it, and we're making choices around -- okay, as you know, we have -- we like to give you numbers that are highly deliverable. The choice that we made was based on the things I just mentioned, that we would raise the revenue guidance because we felt highly confident in that. And for EPS guidance, we made a choice to hold right now based on some of the volatility and some of the variables that I had mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog : All right. Just a quick follow-up on, Hugh, just what you were discussing. Could you talk about if you are also planning to sort of reinvest or step up reinvestments into your business despite the cost inflation that you just called out in the second half? And I'm thinking about in the context of your very strong top line. And then I did want to ask about your revenue growth management in this environment. And how strong you think your capabilities are to ensure you have the right packages in both your beverage and salty-snack business to ensure you have affordable offerings, especially as we could see increasing pressures on the consumer? And then could you touch on your beverage business and how your ownership of your bottling operations might actually be a competitive advantage or not as it relates to this.
Hugh Johnston : Okay. Thanks, Bonnie. I think that was 3 questions, but we'll take a shot at it, 3 for 1. Number one, in terms of investment in the back half, we have some investment in the back half. It was planned for. The way that we're collectively trying to run the company is to build sustainable results over a long period of time. And that means you're constantly balancing, delivering the near term while making sure that you're building capability for next year and the year after that and the year after that. So I think we have the right balance on that right now. And we'll see as the results come in whether we need to make adjustments to that. But we think we have the right balance to deliver the results this year and also make the investments to deliver the results for next year. On your second question regarding...
Ravi Pamnani: Consumer value proposition.
Hugh Johnston : Consumer value, yes, yes. Listen, I think we actually are best positioned than just about anybody in the industry to do that for a couple of reasons. One, our portfolio is so broad, anywhere from premium products like Frappuccino to value products like SANTITAS, and because our supply chain, our distribution network enables us to shape the inventory in store by store. So for stores that need more value products, we can weight the inventory in that store towards that. For stores that premium products are going to turn better, we obviously have the ability to adjust inventory. And the digital investments that we've been making in our route system actually make us even more and more capable of doing that. So I think compared to where we were 2 or 3 years ago, we're even sharper in terms of being able to deliver exactly the right inventory in store. As for ownership of the beverage business, as I've talked about many times in the past, I think it is a significant competitive advantage for us. It's obviously more capital intensive, but I think it enables us to do things that it's difficult for our competitors to do. So we think we are 100% on the right strategy by owning it. And I think this environment is going to prove that more than it ever has before. So hopefully, that answered one A, B and C in terms of your questions.
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Especially Bonnie, I think on the second question, and the truth is that we've been investing on revenue management now for 4 or 5 years and has been in the developed markets but also in the developing markets to try to add to the to the old capabilities we had, which were more related to the ability to change product size or understand better the channels, to much more individual almost understanding of the consumer and what we can do to keep that consumer in our brand and different levels of pricing depending on obviously what that consumer prefers. That link to our precision execution, as Hugh referred to, both in developed markets, but also in developing markets as well, where we reach normally very capital distribution. That gives us, I think, a unique advantage end-to-end from consumer insights to point-of-sale execution that is quite -- it's hard to match in the industry. And we're seeing that. We're seeing that in -- across the world. So it's good investments that we're getting the return. And we're going to need more of it, obviously, as inflation keeps going up. And we're going to have to be super agile and very precise on the choices we make with the consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.
Nik Modi : Ramon, I was wondering now with the decision on the bank distribution rights out, can you just update us on the energy drink strategy here? And what kind of financial implications should we expect as we think about, I guess, questions for you in terms of the beverage business over the course of the year now that I'm not sure if the distribution stops right away. Or do you still have some time left on the contract if it expires at the end of 2022.
Ramon Laguarta : Yes, yes. Nik, listen, obviously, our commitment to the energy category remains as solid as it was earlier. We continue to see this category as one that is growing and evolving and where we can play in multiple ways to capture sub-segments that are starting to develop. The multi-approach that I've referred to in the past continues to be valid. So we're going to lead with Rockstar. And Rockstar, we're seeing several platforms in Rockstar there are starting to, again, hold, I would say, in non-sugar and some of the more functional beverages. So that's a big pillar. Second big pillar for us is our coffee business. Obviously, we're having double shot, triple shot and some additional innovation with Starbucks that it's clearly consumer preferred and continues to do very well. The third pillar is around our kind of flavor forward energy with Mountain Dew. And we're seeing Sports & Energy segment growing more and more in this category. And we have some big ideas on how some of our large brands can play in sports and energy in the future, surely the future. The distribution part has always been an additional opportunity. We have, as we were talking earlier, a very strong DSD system. And we can put brands in our business and provide unique distribution capillarity and execution. That's what we were intending with bank, relationship didn't start well from the beginning. Clearly, it was better to stop it because it has no long-term value for both of us. Now the financial implications are minor. It was never central to the energy strategy. And we continue to be open to other opportunities on distributing brands. That has always been a complementary part of the strategy. The big part of the strategy is, as I was saying, taking our brands and taking our innovation into new spaces and continue to disrupt this category, which is continuing to grow. The consumers like it. Consumers are looking for new benefits in that category. They're willing to pay reasonable prices, and that's not only the U.S. but it's internationally. And we see it as a big opportunity for PepsiCo today and into the future as well.
Hugh Johnston : Right. And Nik, as Ramon mentioned, financial impact, not material.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy : Great. Ramon, I wanted to pivot to your business venture with Boston Beer and Hard Mountain Dew. Maybe just provide an update there, how that relationship has progressed since the partnership was announced, your early learnings to date. And importantly, as you spend more time studying the alcohol space, maybe you can offer some updated thoughts on your broader ambitions to play a bigger role there, not only new product innovation, but also the potential to distribute non-PepsiCo products through your distribution.
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Nothing has changed from the previous quarter when we talked about this topic as well. We've learned more. And we are probably more convinced of the potential of, as you were referring to, the Boston Beer partnership. I think we have great product that they have developed. We've licensed the brand to Boston Beer, and we're providing distribution in some states. Execution is very good. The product is turning very well, high share in those states. So it makes us feel positive about the potential of Hard Mountain Dew and the relationship with Boston Beer. They are great partners, and they have strong R&D capabilities and branding capabilities as they own the Hard Mountain Dew brand. Now going forward, obviously, we get encouraged by this, and we're working in multiple new innovations that will come to the market shortly. And from the distribution point of view, the same, as I said, with energy, we want to leverage our assets for distribution. We think in alcohol, we can bring new brands to the market. We don't want to be distributing a lot of brands. That's not our intention to have many, many brands and a very complex set of brands in our distribution. We'd rather focus on a few large consumer opportunities and put them through what is a very powerful DSD system. So that is the way we're thinking about our alcohol distribution, not a lot of brands, not distributing beer or anything like that, but just a few large consumer ideas that we can bring to the market our system, which we think is an advantaged execution machine. And that's what we're proving with Hard Mountain Dew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen.
Vivien Azer : I was hoping to dive into consumer preferences, please. You guys have been consistent in calling out your aspirations to drive portfolio mix shift over the long term to reduce fat, reduce sodium, lower sugar proposition. But as I think back over the last 2.5 years, it seems like at the start of the pandemic, consumers were understandably really leaning into indulgent. So I'm curious whether you've seen any mean reversion in consumer preferences around health and wellness propositions within your portfolio?
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Vivien, I'll give you a few data so that helps you with the diagnostic. In beverages, non-sugar is growing 3 times the speed of full sugar. So that gives you a sense of how consumers are, in the U.S., are choosing with the choices. If you go more developed markets around the world like Western Europe, the categories are pivoting very quickly to non-sugar. In the UK, for example, the non-sugar segment in beverages is already almost above 80% of the market. So clearly, in beverages, non-sugar is king. You see some of our innovations in the last couple of years with, for example, Gatorade Zero. That was -- it's a huge innovation. I think it's $1.5 billion in only 3 years and expansive to the category and recruiting new consumers into the brand. So non-sugar, I think, is unstoppable trend in the beverage category, something we're leaning in with our R&D, something we're leading in with our commercial strategy with the customers. Every brand has a non-sugar leg that is going to be the focus leg for the brand in the foreseeable future. So that is in beverages. Obviously, you see other trends like functionality, consumers looking for additional functionality and willing to pay for that. But your question was more about health, sugar clearly being a dimension. Now in snacks, I think consumers are also voting with their money. So permissible snacks, what we call permissible snacks, which are the kind of baked or popped or kind of not fried snacks, they're growing much faster than fried snacks, so that we see that as well in that category. We're seeing kind of more nutritious substrates growing faster than some of the more cereal-based substrates. But 1 trend we're seeing across is portion control. So a portion control is a huge consumer idea how we're eliminating some of the brakes, if you want, in consumers' mind to have higher frequency in our categories is portion control. We're seeing in snacks a huge growth on small format, multipacks or not only it's portion control but variety. And we're seeing that also in beverages where full sugar products are going to smaller portions, right, like mini cans or some other formats that give the consumer little pleasure for -- without a lot of calories. So I would continue to bet long term on health being one of the vectors that consumers are choosing. There's also indulgent. Obviously, there's also functionality. There's also a social moment. There's a lot of vectors in our categories, And that's the beauty of our categories. They attract a lot of consumers because of the multiple occasions. But I will continue to bet on health being one of the vectors of choice for the consumer. And that's part of our innovation strategy and how we're trying to move the categories long term. And it's part of the success, if you think about the sodium reduction, the fat transformation, the sugar reduction in our products, a lot of the R&D investments we've been putting in the company in the last many years are starting to pay back in we're giving the consumer the option to make choices with no trade-offs in taste or any of the other key category choices here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers : Maybe going back to the higher top line that you're now seeing for the year. Could you maybe expand a bit more on that and talk about the incremental changes that have taken shape in your own expectations since last quarter? I guess would you frame the 2 points of organic growth upside more as volume or price/mix driven versus prior expectations? And maybe would you call any particular segments as more or less responsible, that would be helpful. And I know I'm only allowed 1 question. But Hugh, if I could, just going back to Brian's question on second half cost. I wasn't fully clear on the answer, whether the maintained EPS in light of the better top line was really more conservatism in the face of volatility or if there were known pockets of higher costs you're now facing? And if it's the latter, if you could just be a little bit more specific there.
Hugh Johnston : Yes. Why don't I handle that piece first? And maybe Ramon and I can tag team your first question. The latter piece, as you know, Steve, we're never conservative. We try to be accurate here. That said, we also try not to miss numbers. So I think there is nothing new that we weren't aware of, frankly, a couple of months ago. So I don't think there's any incremental information that would cause us to be concerned about the back half. Regarding your question around why is the revenue number higher, I think that the primary reason is given the unknowns around consumer elasticity, as we came out of the first quarter, we were quite pleased with where elasticity sat. But we still had 9 months left in the year, so we adopted a certain posture about the balance of the year. The second quarter is also held up from an elasticity perspective better than we thought, and we're sort of flowing that upside through. That said, the balance of the year, we still have 6 months to go. There's still plenty of unknowns in terms of what's going to happen with consumer behavior. We think we're well positioned, both from a customer perspective as well as from a consumer perspective. But we still have 6 months to go and consumers are still sort of absorbing the impact on inflation on their overall spending. So I think -- I wouldn't characterize it as conservatism. I think we go through a lot of scenario planning. And the sum of those scenarios led us to choose higher on revenue but not yet higher on EPS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala : You've made a business decision, I guess, some years ago to own and retain the bottlers that you purchased, I guess, maybe 10-ish years ago. But if we are indeed in a very different inflationary environment, does that change how you think about how asset-light or asset-heavy you prefer the business to be?
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Kaumil, this is Ramon. No, listen, inflation will come and go. And the reason why we're keeping the bottling business integrated with the brand business is much more longer term than the, I don't know, the economic cycle that will leave for the next couple of years. It's a huge strategic decision that is more based on -- if you think about the consumer evolution and the shopper evolution and the way channels will evolve in the future, I think having an integrated brand to consumer value chain will give us flexibility and faster decision-making that we believe creates a lot of value for the company, right? In the short term, yes, we'll have inflation in S&D and we'll have inflation in some of the manufacturing. But if you have a bottling system, that inflation happens anyhow. So your system still has that inflation. It's not like nobody is isolated from inflationary pressures. I mean your system consumer to kind of manufacturing to consumers still has that inflation. So we think, again, this is a very strategic decision we've made, thinking about the long term where consumer is going, where the shopper is going, where the retailers are going. We're going to fulfill demand in the future and where demand will be in the future, much more complex, much more long tail. There's a lot of things that we feel that we're going to be best positioned in the future. And we're talking about 5, 10 years from now to fulfill that demand in a much more integrated way from the brand to the consumer with all the value chain under one decision-making point. Again, the economic cycles will differ. Now we'll have inflation. Maybe 3 years from now, we'll have deflation and we'll be -- so we're not thinking that short term for what is a huge business model decision.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge.
Brett Cooper : From the data that we can see, your top line is benefiting by about 100 basis points from reductions in promotional depth and breadth. And that's not just short term. We've seen it over the last several years. And we can obviously see part of your business. So I was hoping that you could speak to the benefits from promotional optimization across your business. What's enabling that realization? And then given the enormous size of promotional spend in your business, what the potential is for promotional optimization over the medium term?
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. It's great question. And if you think about that we're looking at all the costs in the company, the cost to fulfill demand, the cost to generate demand, we're looking at higher return on investment across all the costs that we have in the business. Obviously, the one you're referring to along with our marketing investments are the 2 big demand creation budget. We're looking at optimizing those investments both on the consumer side and on the consumer customer side. And that has been a journey. It has been done through much more intelligence, through much more data, much better precision decisions in that space, along with our customers. And that is a journey that I would see as a continuous journey to optimize all the budgets that we have in the company to maximize returns. So trade budget, as you say, is a large budget. We're going to continue to optimize it and maybe move those resources to some other areas where we can get better demand generation, right? And we'll do that in partnership with our customers and to the spirit of creating growth for the category as we've had in the past, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Carey : So just a couple of questions on some of these more topical markets. I guess just in Europe, if anywhere, this is where elasticity seems to be playing out. Are we finally seeing the consumer coming down a bit here? As pricing has built, are there other factors in play beginning to impact volumes, whether supply chain, product availability, basically anything else besides pure consumer elasticity? And then just in China, despite lockdown, still another strong number. Can you maybe just give us a sense of what's going on, on the ground in China to continue to deliver this level of growth?
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Good. Listen, Europe, obviously, has been impacted by -- more than other parts of the world by, I would say, the war, so our business has been impacted both in Ukraine and Russia. Ukraine, because obviously, we had to stop a lot of our manufacturing and commercial activities as reflected in our performance in Europe. And also in Russia, given the commitments we made to stop our beverage, some of our beverage, large brands and also stop advertising and promotion of our more essential food brands. So clearly, that's part of the reason why the European business has been impacted. With regards to China, clearly, the lockdowns are impacting the operation of the business. So our team has been incredibly agile to make the right pivots in how we are continuing to produce our snacks or our beverages. And we've been able to more or less manage that in what is an incredibly challenged situation to get raw materials and to get products out to consumers. We're doing that probably better than other companies, and that's why we're gaining share dramatically. That's the reason why our business is growing very fast. Now if you think about the beverage business, there has been an impact to the consumption of the beverage business in away from home. So as consumers have obviously stayed more at home, there has been an impact in the last few months in that particular channel, not so much in the foods business. We're seeing both our Quaker business and our snack business continue to grow very fast. A bit less on the beverage side of the business, basically because of the away-from-home impact. In-home consumption of beverages continues to be quite strong.
Operator: Our last question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: So I was hoping to follow up on Nik's question around the energy portfolio. So Ramon, you mentioned the willingness to leverage your distribution assets. But I would be curious if there are any major takeaways from the relationship with them that kind of informed your view on how you think about these agreements moving forward. And then just any thoughts around timing, I guess. Is it a near-term focus to kind of find a new brand to fill that void? Or is this something you think about opportunistically over time?
Ramon Laguarta : Yes. Listen, Peter, I think, as I said, the distribution part of the energy strategy is very marginal in one way or another. It's not the core part of the strategy. We continue to lean into our brands. We have very strong brands in our portfolio that I think as we see the category evolving, we're going to be able to play in those new spaces and capture market share looking forward and where the consumer is going. So again, I'll repeat, in Rockstar and some parts of Rockstar where we're seeing a lot of consumer pool, especially non-sugar and some of the more functional Starbucks coffee forward, flavor forward with Mountain Dew. And as I said, we see sports and energy is a big space where we can capture with some of our large brands in that space and innovation will be coming into the market soon. Those are the main -- you think about our strategy and we might evolve that strategy with new spaces and how our brands can go there, that's our core of the strategy. Then leveraging our assets for distribution is marginal. To your question on bank, you need to have good long-term partnership for the relationship to work. That didn't exist, so we're turning the page.
Ramon Laguarta : Last question, right? So thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And I know it's summer and everybody has a lot of things to do. And then obviously, for the confidence that you're all placing with your investment in PepsiCo. We hope that you guys are safe and healthy and enjoy the summer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's 2022 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and 2022 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, April 26, 2022, and we are under no obligation to update.  When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our first quarter 2022 earnings release and first quarter 2022 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements.  Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. [Operator Instructions]. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I wanted to ask about margins. And I guess on the last earnings call, I think the expectation was that margins would be intact. And I guess now with today's guidance, it implies maybe a step back in margins. So maybe, Hugh, could you talk a little bit about maybe how that's changed, where we stand now in terms of like net inflation as we exit the first quarter? And then what are some of the actions that you're taking, maybe besides pricing, to try to protect margins?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bryan. A couple of things. One, inflation has clearly gotten a bit more challenging for the year. No question about that. We had previously indicated it was low teens. It's several points higher than that now. Number two, and we've always talked about this in the past, when we have inflation, the first thing we do is look internally to try to find opportunities to drive productivity. And we've been pretty good at driving productivity, but we're really stepping it up even a bit further this year, whether it's identifying areas of waste or whether it's looking for -- to leverage digital in a faster and more effective way or whether it's looking to leverage shared services more and more. We're obviously doing all of those things. After that, then we obviously look for revenue management opportunities, whether it's the way that we're merchandising product in-store or packaging mix or shallowing our promotions. And then obviously, price ultimately becomes a factor as well. So in terms of the overall impact, I mentioned that I thought margins would be pretty level on the last call. I think, by and large, that's going to be about the same as we go forward. So clearly, we'll decide what we need to do in the balance of the year in terms of further revenue management actions. Typically, we do that in Q4. But by and large, I think the margins will be relatively level year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So on that topic, maybe we can touch specifically a bit more on pricing. Obviously, very strong delivery in the quarter. Can you talk about consumer demand elasticity so far and what you're seeing? But more importantly, with the cost pressures we're seeing out there, can you talk about strategically how you think about pricing going forward? Is there room to take additional increases, if needed? And how you think about that in light of potential consumer sensitivity with inflation being at unprecedented type of levels?
Ramon Laguarta: Dara, let me take a go, and then maybe Hugh can add some comments. Clearly, obviously, if you look at Q4 and Q1, the elasticities that we're having in the business are better than historical and better than what we had planned. So that's why we're raising our guidance for the year. This is valid both for developed markets and for developing markets. We were very concerned about developing markets that we're seeing -- if you see the numbers in LatAm, in Africa, Middle East and APAC, we're seeing good elasticities there as well, so positive.  However, we think the consumer is very early in this process of adjusting to the new inflationary environment. I think there's going to be more consumer new behaviors adapting to the new realities. There are going to be channel mixes changes. There's going to be probably packaging mixes changes and some of the decisions consumers will stop doing certain things that we're doing, going out more, maybe traveling and so on. So we think we're early in the process. I think our categories do normally quite well in inflationary. And what makes us feel confident is that the -- in the last few years, we've invested a lot in the brands. And we've invested a lot in some new capabilities around revenue management, also understanding better opportunities for waste reduction in the company. And we've improved a lot of our execution capabilities in the store with more information and better executional tools.  So I think we feel that we're early in the process. At the same time, we feel rather confident that we can manage through this with a good balance between revenue management, holistic cost management. And our #1 objective is to keep the consumers with our brands. And obviously, if we can get new consumers to our brands, even better, during this process. So that's how we're approaching this in the short term.  And then you were asking about long term. We -- these are the goals that we're setting for our teams. We have -- I've always said that we have very experienced leaders in the market. And this is clearly a battle that you fight market by market. And that gives us, again, I think, a better position to win versus other companies that are facing the same kind of inflation.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that, Dara, is if you look over time, our categories have always performed pretty well during inflationary times. And as a result of that, I think as a company, our performance has been pretty inflation-resistant as well as recession-resistant, which obviously makes us a pretty good defensive stock.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Was curious if you could talk a little bit about impacts from Russia-Ukraine that are embedded in the outlook. Of course, saw the impairment charges on brands that you talked about before the conflict began and then also the charges on PP&E and so on. But I was curious about how Russia-Ukraine is impacting the revenue outlook and also the EPS outlook for the year in terms of operational elements.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Lauren. Russia, as I think we've shared in the past, is low single digits in terms of its overall size to us. Obviously, it's a bit of a drag in terms of our overall outlook. But elsewhere in the company, we're doing quite well. So I think we have a pretty conservative Russia outlook embedded in our guidance, which, I think, will put us in good stead for most of the outcomes that could occur as we go forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And then with regards to Ukraine, obviously, we had to stop our operations there -- our manufacturing operations. We're still doing some sales. That's also impacting. It's also embedded in the -- in our guidance for the year where we reopened now our factory in Kyiv. Hopefully, we'll try to get back to operations in Ukraine as a safety situation allows us, but that's also embedded into our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: I just wanted to get a quick clarification on your top line guide based on your comments. So are you now expecting a greater impact from volume growth this year? As you mentioned, you're maybe feeling better about elasticities going forward. And then I'd be curious to hear specifically how your immediate consumption business is performing in key regions for both your beverage and snack business. I'm asking in light of rising fuel prices. For instance, curious to hear if you guys are seeing any signs of pressure in this channel despite broad reopening in so many markets. And then looking forward, what strategy do you have in place to mitigate some of these pressures if they continue to intensify?
Hugh Johnston: Sure. So Bonnie, why don't I start? Number one, obviously, the revenue guidance is up. That's a combination of a bit more volume and a bit more price, so balanced between the 2 in terms of the change from prior. And previously, we had indicated we don't expect much volume growth. So I think, obviously, that takes us to we expect a little bit of volume growth as the year progresses.  In terms of immediate consumption channels, relatively small impact thus far. Obviously, we'll see how it plays out. Historically, it has impacted the beverage business a bit more than it's impacted the snack food business. I think that's because beverage incidence is just higher than snack food incidence. But so far, relatively muted impact on that, and the other channels are doing quite well. Take-home is still up big gross and foodservices growing at a nice healthy clip at this point.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. If you think about immediate consumption, the away-from-home channel is growing very fast across the world. And also, in the U.S., it's recovering. So that is a positive to immediate consumption. There's a little bit of traffic decline in convenience stores but not meaningful at this point. And obviously, there, the strategy will be to gain space and gain share in that channel to compensate for whatever traffic dilution might be, also trying to be conscious of price points and entry points to the category in those channels. Internationally, we're not seeing mobility being impacted. And we're seeing immediate consumption very strong internationally as well. As I was saying earlier, we're seeing elasticity quite positive in emerging markets. So overall, I don't think that this is going to impact us in the coming period.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: I was just trying to check something in between the lines marketing, and I know you had SG&A was up last year, or actually, you're lapping $180 million in equity investment gain from the same period last 2 years. But just thinking, as you're mentioning, elasticities come in better. Obviously, that may change. But what are you embedding through the end of the year in terms of marketing from a dollar and rate perspective? And then for the places where you count on bottlers, was there any impact of stocking this quarter or ahead of price increases?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea. Aiming and hoping we're up roughly in line with revenue for the year. So that's where that will likely land. Yes.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And then your question, Andrea, on the bottlers, no, there is -- there hasn't been any loading of bottlers for price increase. We don't follow these practices, neither with our retail partners. So whatever you see as sales is basically sell-in and sellout that we've had for the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Ramon and Hugh, question on PBNA margin. I mean been progressing about 100 basis points in the quarter, almost back to the level of pre-COVID for the first quarter despite higher inflation. Could you please help share the impact of the high-cost inflation for PBNA specifically in the quarter? And also, could you give us maybe more color as to where the gains are coming from maybe dissecting between Tropicana divestiture, product mix? And where do we go from here?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. A couple of things, obviously, on that front. Number one, we continue to make progress in terms of cost management inside the business. And I've laid out for you all in the past sort of our pathway to mid-teens margins for the PBNA business. That thesis is still very much intact, and that's the plan we're executing against.  Obviously, inflation has put a bit more pressure on that. But the combination of the additional cost management actions that we've taken as well as, obviously, shallowing our promotions, and price increases and revenue management have allowed us to continue on that journey.  We still very much expect to do exactly what we've said in the past, which is we'll progress along towards getting that business back to the margin levels that I mentioned earlier, something in the mid-teens over the course of the next several years. So I think we're making good progress, and it's going as we expected. Inflation, obviously, is higher than we expected, but we're taking actions to manage that.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. The key levers, Laurent, of that margin improvement stay intact, right? If you think about the portfolio, pivots that we're trying to do, those are really good work in progress. If you see the Gatorade performance, that's a high-margin business for us, clearly growing, again, at very fast pace. We're making good progress in energy. So that part of the transformation is good.  We're also making good progress on efficiency and operating excellence. So there's -- the critical levers of that transformation continue intact. Clearly, inflation is a factor. But as Hugh was saying, we're doubling down on productivity and trying to sharpen the pencil a bit more on revenue management as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen.
Vivien Azer: I was hoping to dive into your European EBIT margins. While I recognize that 1Q is a seasonally low quarter, Hugh, I was wondering if you could offer any incremental color on the margin compression that you saw in that segment this quarter.
Hugh Johnston: Sure, happy to. A couple of things. Number one, and you hit on the key point. It's a very small quarter for Europe. It's a very short quarter, and it's seasonally low in terms of the revenue as well. In terms of some of the factors in there, obviously, Eastern Europe sort of plays something of a role in terms of that number.  Second one, we made a U.K. pension contribution, I think, of about $25 million. That's a relatively small number in the overall year. But in a 2-month quarter, it obviously has a disproportionate impact.  And then in addition to that, the SodaStream business was a little bit soft. That was a bit of a factor. And recall, we report SodaStream through Europe because that's the biggest market for the SodaStream business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Crdit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: If I could dig into the guidance increase a little bit, better volume and price this quarter, of course. Are your expectations of volume price dynamic as we go through the rest of the year? Or is it you just kind of push just including the volume upside for this quarter as part of your full year?
Ramon Laguarta: Kaumil, there was a lot of echo there. And if I understand, your question was around our volume pricing guidance. We've raised the guidance on top line because we've seen better elasticities in the first part of the year. We -- our assumptions for the balance of the year are a bit more conservative on elasticities because, as I said earlier, within the context for the consumer might change, might not change. We're going to obviously try to do our best with our commercial plans and our people on the ground, with execution and better insights to minimize elasticities. Obviously, that's our role here.  But our assumptions going forward are a little bit more conservative because we think that the consumer will be feeling the overall inflation in their disposable income, and that might have an impact on the elasticities of our categories as well, although we think that our categories are -- normally fare quite well in inflationary and recessionary moments. And that's why we feel optimistic about raising the guidance to 8% on top of a very high, fast growth 9.5% last year. So clearly, we're growing very fast as a company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. I had a question on pricing as well, but from a different angle, really from a retailer's perspective. So the context, of course, your portfolio is in very large, essential and high-velocity categories that drive foot traffic for retailers. But looking at results in the syndicated data, your price/mix is up anywhere from low double digits to mid-teens in your larger categories. I know that's not all frontline pricing. Some of it's mix, but nevertheless, certainly not inconsequential for the consumer to cope with.  So my question is, have the pricing discussions started to become more difficult with retailers, particularly your large customers to a point where maybe we're closer to a tipping point where it's going to be more difficult to put the pricing through? Or is the pricing window still very much open in your view? So your thoughts there would be helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, we're always make full commercial plan discussions with our customers, and we try to create value for both. And those joint business planning are the essence of our growth strategy. So we do that in full coordination with our partners, trying to make sure that we keep the consumer with us, we keep the shopper coming to the store, and it's a win-win proposition. So we'll do it. We've been doing it the same this year, of course, even with more intensity than in the past and more insights and more value discussions. And we plan to continue to do that as we go into the second half of the year and into the coming years.  Obviously, we're all concerned about elasticities and consumer reaction. So it is to our both interest to take this into consideration as we build the commercial plan. There are some geographies in the world where these discussions are a bit more tactical. I would say some of the European markets, there is a bit more friction when it comes to pricing. And actually, some of our net revenue in Q1 reflects some of these conversations and difficult realities. I would say, in the majority of the markets, these are done in collaboration with our customers and a very good value-creation, win-win discussions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Ottenstein with Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. I was wondering if you could please remind us what your exposure is to China, what you're seeing there now and your long-term plans.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Robert, it's Hugh. Low single digits on revenue and very low single digits on [indiscernible] is the number. In terms of our plans, I think we continue to execute in the marketplace. We -- on the snack business, we have a bottler in China who we've had a very successful relationship with. And obviously, in what's a challenging environment, we'll continue to do what we can to continue to operate well. So -- but low single digits and very low singles on the number.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I would say, obviously, we're seeing the impact of the lockdowns in Shanghai and some other cities impacting somehow the consumer behavior. In general, I would say the in-home consumption is going up. There's been some stocking of our food business in the last few weeks. A little bit of lower mobility in the away-from-home channel, which impacted mostly the beverage business. Overall, this is performing as planned. And obviously, we're doing business contingency planning to make sure that we're ready in case some of the lockdowns impact our operating plans. But in general, I would say, the team is responding very well. And so far, we haven't seen an impact in our business, which, as Hugh said, is relatively small compared to the full size of the company.
Hugh Johnston: And just to build on Ramon's point, I should have mentioned as well, our guide doesn't include a level of conservatism and an expectation that performance will be somewhat challenged based on the situation there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Ramon and Hugh, just a quick follow-up for me, actually, going back to Laurent's question on Russia-Ukraine. Hugh, you mentioned the contribution there at low single digits, which I think is a profit perspective. On revenue, I thought it was more like mid-single digits, I think, around 4.5% last year. So I guess in that context, just can you talk about how Russia-Ukraine factors into that 8% organic outlook because intuition would say that the business reductions there create a drag on organic growth that you're absorbing in that 8%? But then again, there's just likely so much nominal inflation in those markets. I'm not exactly sure how or whether Russia-Ukraine net out as a positive or a negative driver of organic growth as you calculated into what magnitude. So just some clarity there would be helpful.
Hugh Johnston: Sure, happy to. Your thoughts are right. Last year, Russia was about 4%. Obviously, with the current environment, we expect it to be less than that. That's my low single-digit comment. And yes, we -- it's incorporated into our guidance. We don't expect the business to deliver a lot of growth this year given all of the challenges and the decisions we've made. And it is, in fact, incorporated so that we capture that as a part of the 8%. So again, we're not getting into a ridiculous level of detail. Clearly, the business is going to be lower than it was in 2021 by a meaningful amount.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Filippo Falorni: This is Filippo Falorni on for Nick. A question on your beverage alcohol strategy. Maybe if you can comment on how the HARD MTN DEW launch is performing in the States, where you've launched a product. And then more longer term and bigger picture, like give us an update on kind of your expectations for the beverage alcohol category and any potential new launches or initiatives there?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. This is Ramon. Yes, listen, I think we're testing and learning at a fast speed, right, both Boston Beer Company is learning how to market and improve the products in their responsibility in the partnership. And we're also learning about how to distribute and sell low-alcohol beverages, which obviously have a lot of restrictions at the state and even municipality level. We're having to train our people in the right way and so on. So there's a lot of test and learning, very encouraging learnings actually as we see in the consumers.  Obviously, Mountain Dew is a big brand, and it's generating a lot of excitement. There's a lot of initial trial. As always, in these circumstances, we have to wait and see repeats and see really where the business stabilizes. But I would say, good learnings for the organization. It's still very early in the process of building the infrastructure and the talent base and pretty good response from the consumer. Yes, we're going to continue to try to create new exciting products that will go through this platform in the future. And as we learn more about the consumer, together with our partners, we'll be able to, I think, innovate meaningfully in this category. But as I said, too early, too early yet to call it a huge success.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper: I was just hoping you could update us on where you are on digitizing your relationship with customers and consumers, aspirations on both levels? And then I guess if I can nest underneath the consumer, if there's any challenges you guys have in going direct, given the independent bottling contracts?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Brett, it's a journey that we started very quite some years ago, both on the consumer and the customer. I would say different levels of progress in different parts of the world. Probably, U.S. and Western Europe, more advanced when it comes to consumer interaction. The way we can kind of target our messaging in a much more granular way, and we make good progress how we're doing that, how we're making our media much more efficient by targeting better, so that's an important progress. The same with retailers, where obviously, we have platforms that are fully digitalized and allow our retailers to buy from us directly. And we're -- sufficiently smaller customers, fragmented trade around the world, that's a platform that we're benefiting both for better service and also some productivity, being able to target the retailer better.  So progress, good progress across. It's strategically a very important part of our journey, trying to both generate additional growth through personalization, through targeting the consumer. And that's a journey through innovation, through new digital tools, through better learning of our -- training of our people, our marketeers, our leaders in the marketplace. So it's a journey. I would say in emerging markets, we're a bit behind. But it's an investment that we're putting in place, part of our large investment in digitalization that we've been talking about for already a few years.
Operator: Our last question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Carey: So just two connected questions on cost and productivity, if I could. So you noted the prior outlook was for commodities to be low teens. I believe that's impacted COGS, and the company is now tracking higher by a couple of points. I guess that would imply things get worse from here. Can you just maybe help us with perspective on the ability you have in commodity expectations? I understand your locked specifically for the next few quarters. But spot exposure increases in Q4, and how you're thinking about incremental pricing in Q4?  And then just connected, Ramon, I think you noted a couple of times on the call that you're doubling down on productivity. Would you expect to be in a position to exceed the $1 billion in productivity savings target for the year? Or is this just more conceptual?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Chris. Yes, your math is right. We said low teens before, and it's -- it will be several points higher than that. In terms of what that means for Q4, when we typically see pricing in the business, we're still in the process of figuring out how much that will be. That's sort of our normal pricing window in the U.S., in particular. Obviously, other markets have different windows. So we'll see what that looks like when we get a little bit closer to the time.  In terms of your second question around productivity, yes, we've historically said $1 billion. And yes, we'll be several hundred million dollars higher than that this year based on the actions that we've needed to take to try to help manage a challenging inflationary environment but one that we have pretty well under control.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. So thank you, everybody, for joining us today and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investments, and we hope that you all stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your time. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's 2021 Fourth Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks. Both of which are available on our website. Before we begin please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, 2022 guidance and long-term financial targets and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, February 10, 2022 and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings release and 2021 Form 10-K available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Good morning guys.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So I wanted to focus on the 2022 top line guidance. Obviously very strong Q4 results. But look you're guiding towards the higher end of the long-term range in terms of 6% organic sales growth in 2022 despite a really tough comparison if we look at 2021. So I just wanted to understand the key drivers for 2022 top line, particularly price mix versus volume, and any thoughts on demand elasticity? And then also just from a broader long-term perspective as you look out beyond 2022, are you more confident your strategies are sustainably paying off? Could top line growth be more at the higher end of that mid-single-digit long-term top line range? How do you think about the long-term beyond 2022 given what's expected to be pretty robust growth despite the tough comp? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Dara let me start and maybe Hugh can add. We see our categories very healthy moving into 2022 and long-term, both our convenient foods and beverages. So that makes us feel very comfortable. The investments that we have made over the last three years in brands, in more capable go-to-market systems, in more insights, better execution that's clearly paying off in the form of share of market gains in across multiple developing markets snacks and beverages. So we feel good about our ability to continue to grow ahead of our categories in 2022 and beyond. And, obviously, we are big players in those categories. So, we carry the responsibility to make this category stay healthy and stay growing faster than food overall. So, that's how we see our long-term. And yes we -- obviously, if you think about next year, yes, we're at the top end of our long-term guidance. This year, obviously, we -- I mean last year we obviously crossed that long-term guidance. So, you see compounded, yes, we're at the high end of our 4% to 6%. And obviously we -- that's the objective of the whole organization to stay within the - that guidance and beat in good years.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And the only thing I'll add there in terms of some of the financial pieces of it you saw in Q4, we had about five points of volume and about seven points of price/mix. Obviously, we're -- as our hedges roll off and we move into a new round of commodities, we're going to price in a way that allows us at least for the full year to try to keep our margins pretty well intact, which means that that seven pricing will probably be around there. Maybe even a little bit stronger for the year. We'll see how it plays out and react to what happens with the facts in the marketplace. But it's going to be a pretty healthy pricing year to accommodate the cost increases.
Dara Mohsenian: And if I can follow-up or -- what are you assuming in terms of demand elasticity? And what's been the experience so far you've seen in terms of consumer demand elasticity to pricing? Seem like there clearly wasn't a lot in Q4, but what are you assuming for 2022? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So, I mean for 2022 Dara you're right. Obviously there wasn't a lot in Q4, but that's a relatively short period of time. Right now we've built multiple scenarios around elasticity and where we have plans to react to any of them. So, frankly, we'll -- we're going to have to be very agile this year in the way that we plan. But you know that our history on guidance is we tend to have multiple ways to get there and we'll react to what the marketplace gives us.
Dara Mohsenian: Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: I think Dara if you think about all the investments we've made in the last few years both in the brand's strength or some of our net revenue capabilities, even our execution capabilities the granularity that we can execute in the stores, that's clearly giving us a lot of I would say tools to play the marketplace and to manage the price increases in better ways than we used to do it in the past. So, we're also contemplating that as a factor as we're building our 2022 scenarios.
Dara Mohsenian: Great. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. good morning. Actually had a question on your A&M spend in the quarter. I guess on a dollar basis, it seemed to have almost doubled in the quarter versus Q3 and then came in at maybe a record as a percentage of sales at almost 8% in the quarter versus your typical, call it I don't know 6.5%. So, I just was hoping you guys could give us a little more color on where you stepped up the spending in the quarter. And then how much do you think that did contribute to your robust topline growth in Q4? And then thinking about it typically there is a lag with spending. So, I'm also wondering if this is partly what you expect to drive your topline guidance at the high end of your long-term growth how it go.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Hi Bonnie, it's Hugh. A couple of things on that. One A&M for the year was up 11%. For the quarter, it was up 15%. But remember when you're dealing with the quarter, that's not necessarily what's in the marketplace. That's sort of the A&M curve and we book A&M on the revenue curve. In terms of spend  the spend was up in the quarter for sure. I don't know that, it was disproportionately up relative to the rest of the year. And in terms of go-forward, I expect our A&M as it generally has will probably be in or around the same level of growth as the sales growth number is. Obviously, we feel terrific about the advertising we're doing. We think it's having the right impact. But we clearly were the beneficiaries of in North America some reduction. And we think that's also played well. We generally are spending at a competitive level and we're trying to compete on quality of the A&M not necessarily the quantity of the A&M.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Bonnie one of the things we're  I think we're getting better at is measuring our return on investment on our marketing. And we're  the more data we have and obviously we're becoming a better data company, we're able to put better numbers to those investments and have the marketing teams, and the commercial teams overall choosing different levers that give us the best return overall. And that's playing very well. It's obviously, one of the reasons why we're gaining market share across many categories. It's strategically  we want to continue with this kind of investments being very rational in the way we invest in A&M, but understanding that a company like ours the core competence is building brands. And that's what give us in situations like we're having this year where we have to price, we have consumers following us in spite of higher prices. So I think strategically, it's a very important element in our overall growth strategy.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. Helpful. Seems to be working. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to just talk about PBNA volumes, because accelerated sequentially and on a two-year basis and now putting up growth on growth. And I was just curious, how you might kind of bucket the drivers of that. And I'm going to guess part of it you're going to say oh it's a little bit of everything. But zeros have been in the market, I think arguably all year. And I thought, maybe there's something to be said for the reorganization of the market, and that may be starting to click in a different way. So just curious on any perspective on the accelerating trends in PBNA that would be great. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Lauren, the  I would say, if you take a bigger picture I think there is a elevated in-home consumption that has stayed like that. I think Home-as-a-hub is a clear trend, and we're seeing  we're capturing pretty good that consumption at home. And obviously, during the quarter, there's been more mobility across the multiple markets in the US obviously, but globally, I would say. And then some of the Away from Home business has accelerated as well. So what you see there is a combination of all these channels, I think playing at a very high level. Then, if you go into our own business, I would say, it's a combination of branding, better execution. And the truth is that in Q4 we've seen an improvement sequentially of our supply chain. And some of our large brands, and I would name Gatorade for example, clearly has improved substantially in its running rates and fill rates in the last part of the quarter. So that's reflected as well in a better overall performance for the business. But we're very pleased in general with the way the North America business is performing in beverages and snacks as well. And both the margin expansion, the top line, the fact that it grew with the market a bit faster than the market in a very challenging year with a lot of supply chain complexities and bottlenecks for several reasons. So we're very pleased. We're feeling comfortable as well for 2022. It's very strong commercial programs, very strong brand programs. And as you were saying, probably a better execution machine for many reasons, data and intelligence, but also more empowered organization that makes more local decisions and that's obviously reflected in the performance of the business. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Teixeira with JPMorgan. 
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. I have a question on sports drinks and then a clarification on the pricing. First on Gatorade. It was a brand that obviously was pressured in 2021 from supply chain challenges and competition. And as you go into 2022, can you talk about the supply dynamics there and inventory for the brand? And then on the pricing, I think, embedded in your guidance I understand that it's assuming only the pricing that is already in the market. And therefore I wanted to see if we can bridge from Hugh's comments and seeing the visibility of the gross margin curve potentially recovered by the end of the year and potentially being up year-over-year for the full year. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Andrea. Let me talk to you about the Gatorade and then Hugh can talk more about the pricing. We're very optimistic with this sports drink category. But we think of it broadly than just hydration, we think about overall nutrition. And the way Gatorade play in that space along with some other brands like Propel, Muscle Milk, Evolve and some other assets that we have in that space, it is growing very fast. We see continued consumer adoption of this category. Consumers are exercising more. And we think that's a very positive trend for the segment. When it comes to Gatorade, the brand equity is stronger than ever. And the innovation that we've done this year and you will see more next year be it Zero, be it Gatorade, be it some of the more science related with the sweat patch and how we can be much more customized for the consumer based on their hydration profile. So there's a lot of positive value that I think we can create in higher parts of the category with Gatorade and some of the other brands. So we feel good about the demand momentum. On the supply, obviously, we have reacted to the situation. And we've expanded capacity both ourselves and some of our co-packers. And we're ready for what we think will be another year of successful growth for Gatorade and continue to build the brand in spaces that will be hard to match by a competitor. So that's how we are approaching Gatorade and the full category next year.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Andrea, how are you? I'll expand on the -- your question on the other side. Our assumptions on the guidance are based on the pricing that we have in the marketplace right now. And that pricing is based on the visibility that we have into, both the productivity and the cost structure and commodities, which we have pretty good visibility into on the commodities about, eight, nine months of the year, as you would expect based on some of the things I've communicated in the past. Q4 is a bit -- still a bit open, but there are obviously pricing windows as we get into the fourth quarter as well. So as those facts become more known, we'll make decisions on that front. Regarding your question on margins, obviously, we don't give guidance on margins. But I think given the combination of what we know about costs and what we know about pricing, we ought to be able to get through the year pretty well intact on margins, acknowledging the fact that earlier in the year the cost pressure is a little bit higher than it is later in the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning. Just  maybe just two follow-ups. One is just Hugh, your answer in response to Andrea's question, when you're saying margins, are you talking about EBIT margins or gross margins? 
Hugh Johnston: Both actually. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Okay. And then my question is about just the share repurchases coming back in this year. Hugh, can you talk a little bit about where we stand now in terms of cash return to shareholders? I think part of the motivation to maybe pull back on repurchases at the beginning of 2021 was your CapEx is going to be elevated for a while. And I know you're watching the leverage or  the credit rating. So is this just a  now you're  there's more comfort with being able to return more cash to shareholders, or is it a change in CapEx outlook? Just trying to understand if we can  how you're thinking about that. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I mean we  obviously, we made the decision not just based on what we see this year but what we see over the next couple of years. Number one, we really had a pretty good year on cash generation last year, which gave us a little bit of extra room. In addition to that obviously, we had the Tropicana transaction, which brought us some room as well. And we just really closed that over the course of the last week or so. So the combination of those two factors led us to the decision. As I mentioned last year, CapEx will be elevated for another year or two. But frankly I think that's well within the sort of overall envelope that we're working on and we got comfortable with going back to share repurchase. And obviously, it's a one of the levers we use to help drive company performance and shareholder returns.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, Ramon and Hugh. Well, I do  I'd like to focus this morning on the energy platform. So it has been about two years since the acquisition of Rockstar that unlocked the energy platform an advantage PepsiCo has over your competitor that is limited because of its contract with Monster. So could you please update us on where you are seeing your  where you're heading? Because the beginning of been  has been a bit more challenged than expected with the difficulty with bank management, nothing to rise name change and Rockstar taking a bit more time to further rise. So that is a high growth, high profitability segment of the business, it doesn't impact on PP&M and the rest of the business. So could you please update us on what you are seeing and where you're heading? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Laurent. Good to talk to you. Listen, we're executing the playbook as we told you we've been quite consistent on the last few calls. And we're quite pleased with what we're seeing. Obviously, Rockstar, we always said it was the most complex transformation. We repositioned the brand. We changed packaging. We're seeing growth in Rockstar both in the areas, where it's more developed, areas of the country was more developed and new areas obviously, where the distribution system is making a difference. We're seeing especially very good performance in new innovation segments like no sugar and some more Hispanic-focused innovation. So we're hopeful on Rockstar and we're seeing the metrics that we set for ourselves are becoming reality. Then on Mountain Dew Energy, we had this legal situation which we move very quickly. Super agile actually. The teams did a great job turning that in six weeks. And it's in the market. And it's gone back to the platform exactly where it was. So clearly there is a consumer that likes the product. And it's -- we're ready to now invest obviously this year in building that platform under the Mountain Dew Energy branding. And that's a pretty good position even though we had that legal situation. With bank which was the other part of the strategy we -- after that initial hiccup, I think we're -- actually we're doing a pretty good job as a distributor of the brand and the brand is more points of sale than it used to be. And we continue to focus on driving that performance during the length of the contract. And then -- but the other one that we're very pleased is the Starbucks relationship. That is -- that JV relationship is better than ever I would say. And both Double Shot Triple Shot is growing at a very high levels. And I don't know if you're aware we just launched Baja Energy which is a full natural energy brand new brand to the system. It's the first time we launched it both in retail and in Starbucks outlets. Great product good levels of caffeine coming from natural source. We're very optimistic on that platform. It's very incremental, if you see the full portfolio of brands that we have on energy. So Baja will be a positive addition incremental. So I think the machine is firing in a lot of cylinders. It is -- as always it is an area of focus. You need to test and learn and adjust and tweak your execution. I'm pleased with what I'm seeing. The other element that we don't talk so much about Rockstar is that, this year it's going to be in 17 international markets. It was in 10 markets. We expanded in 2021 to -- I think it was 22, 23 markets. Now next year -- this year '22 we'll be in 70 markets. So clearly another part of the growth story of Rockstar as we acquire the business. So we'll keep updating you in our regular calls, but we're positive on how the full energy strategy is working.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. 
Vivien Azer: Hi good morning. Thank you. I wanted to follow up please on Dara's question on price elasticities. Hugh, I appreciated your comment that you guys are looking at multiple scenarios and clearly do have a lot of levers at your disposal. But I was hoping you could dive a little bit more please on Pepsi Beverages North America. And specifically, how you think about cross-category elasticities across your US beverage business? And as a quick follow-up to that to the extent that consumers' ability to absorb pricing were to diminish at all like are there certain categories you'd be watching more closely as a leading indicator of that? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Happy to go there a bit. And as I said elasticities to me are basically a portfolio of risks that we try to manage rather than kind of zeroing in a single number, right? And a portfolio as complex as this it's hard to have that conversation. What I would tell you Vivien that we've seen over the last couple of years is in the North America beverage business, category elasticitys are relatively low. I think the reason for that is particularly in the multi-bag multi-serve area prices are pretty remarkably low, right? Whether you're looking at two liters or 12 packs and if you compare those prices to elsewhere in the world, the prices in this market are actually quite low. It's a tremendous value for consumers. So as we move into a world of higher inflation, I do expect that the category prices probably will go up. And at least to date we haven't seen much in the way of elasticity. As you might imagine, I can't point to any one. I think we watch elasticitys on everything, both the value packages and the premium packages. And the good news is our system is agile enough to react to it. But right now the elasticitys are in line with our expectations. And frankly that's what gives us confidence in the guide for the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks for the question. First, just a clarification on Laurent's line of questioning around energy. Ramon, can you just comment -- you mentioned firing on all cylinders and you're pleased with energy. Would you rule out M&A? So if you could just comment on that that would be helpful. My broader strategic question is really on the business venture with Boston Beer regarding Hard Mountain Dew. Can you just update us on how that partnership has progressed? And importantly as you spend more time studying the alcohol space, can you provide some updated thoughts on broader ambitions to play not only as it pertains to new product innovation, but also the potential to distribute non PepsiCo alcohol products through your distribution? So thanks for that.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah Kevin. Listen on M&A I think we have sufficient brands right to play in that space. So I -- we're not thinking about any M&A in the energy space at this point. Now with regards to alcohol, great question. And I think it's a very interesting development for the LRB category and for the alcohol category. So clearly consumers are choosing to converge in a way. And so we see that space as a strategically very incremental. It's sizable and it's profitable. So, obviously, we'd like to participate in a consistent and structural way for us. Obviously we will play from the brand point of view on innovation licensing our brands to beer manufacturers that can help us with the manufacturing. We don't have the technologies to make some of these products. But we're creating strong partnerships. You mentioned one. And I think we have brands that can extend into those spaces. So that will be one way how we do it. On the other hand, I think there is a very interesting play for us to leverage some of our distribution assets to provide capital distribution and consistent execution across the country. And we're working on that solution. We have, obviously, some market tests undergoing. And we will continue to roll out those -- that potential distribution opportunity. I think it could be an advantage for us if we do it well and that's where we're planning to do. So we see us participating from the consumer point of view and also from the infrastructure and execution and granularity of execution point of view as well. Those two areas could create value for PepsiCo long-term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. 
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. We focused mostly on the U.S. today. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you're viewing your global footprint. In the past, for instance, the company has made acquisitions to expand the offerings in Russia and South Africa. Any thoughts along those lines in other geographies? Any things that are going on, on the international side that we should be aware of in terms of strategic direction, or changes of how you're looking at the business? And then just a quick follow-up on the hedging and the commodities, itd be -- I think it would be helpful if, to the extent you can, kind of, talk about some of the key commodities and what percentage of your cost structure they represent. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Robert, I'll talk about international a bit and then Hugh can talk about the commodities. And you know we're quite limited on what we'd say about our detailed P&L. The -- on international, I've always said and continue to say that, this is the -- by the largest growth opportunity we have in PepsiCo. I think, where -- we have a strong market positions in snacks and pretty good in beverages in many markets. Some others a bit more challenging positions, but we're working to strengthen those. I think we have the portfolio of brands and we have the portfolio of assets and the teams in place to continue to work on that opportunity. Last year, we grew double-digit internationally, pretty much across the board from Asia to Middle East Africa. Europe was very close to double-digit full year, if I recall. And then Latin America did double-digits. So pretty good performance. And if I look at the top 15 markets for the company, we are gaining share in most of those markets, which is to me the key indicator of progress in the system. Obviously, as we scale up those markets, profitability gets much better. And that's the model we're trying to play. For next year, we see good signs. Obviously, the geopolitics in some parts of the world are complex. We hope that that will not materialize in anything that will impact our system. And we see inflation going up everywhere. We have the brands. And we have, again, the capabilities to price as what we're doing in majority of the market. We feel good about the elasticities as we discussed earlier, both developing market and emerging. I'm a bit more cautious on emerging markets. I want to see a few more months to understand how the consumer is kind of absorbing all these high cost in multiple parts of their budget, household budgets. But we're feeling good about how consumers are staying loyal to our brands in spite of some of our pricing decisions. So, yes, that should cover international. And maybe the -- yes.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So in terms of commodities just a couple of facts. Number one, the overall commodity basket is about $16 billion $17 billion. It's a super broad basket. There's not a single commodity that even accounts for 10% of the overall spend. So a fairly diverse basket. But that said, clearly, commodities are inflationary pretty well across the board. And that's what we're dealing with so.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: Hey. Good morning. Thanks so much. Just on that last line of questioning there on commodities. Do you expect pricing to offset commodities just in the context of your comments on full year margins? And then, on North America, there was a comment in the prepared remarks just around expectations for PBNA margins to expand next year. I think the margin drivers of this business have obviously evolved with product mix and pricing, and I wonder if you could just comment on how you see the drivers of that business go forward in the context of some evolution of the business? Thanks so much.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. In terms of commodities and the way we approach it from a pricing perspective, obviously, we always try to do what we can in terms of productivity to manage an inflationary environment. But obviously, when inflation is this high, we need to take some pricing. In general, in developed markets, we do price through the commodity increases. In developing and emerging, we have the variable to consider of affordability and consumer reaction to it. And our history has been  we'll initially price through two-thirds to three-quarters, and then go back and get the rest of it later. That said overall, as I mentioned earlier in the call, I think the combination of our productivity and our pricing should put us in a position where we ought to be able to keep margins pretty well intact for the year. So that's kind of where I think we land on that. In terms of PBNA, we do expect margins to continue to improve as we've talked about in the past. Drivers are generally the same ones that we've talked about. It's a combination of some pricing, some product mix as the energy category is more successful for us, some level of productivity as we get returns on the investments, we've made in capacity and digitalization and the like. And we continue to use global business services as a mechanism to drive G&A productivity as well. So it's a broad bucket of actions that over the course of several years, we'll get PBNA margins closer and closer to the company average.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. I think, this is the last question. So I just would like to say, thank you for everyone that joined us today, and for the confidence you've placed in PepsiCo and in all of us your investment. And we hope that, you guys stay safe and healthy. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day. Speakers, please stand by.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-05 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's 2021 Third Quarter earnings question and answer session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, Operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans and updated 2021 guidance, and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, October 5, 2021, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our Q3 2021 earnings release and Q3 2021 Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta, and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the Operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Ramon Laguarta: Good Morning there.
Dara Mohsenian: Obviously very strong topline results again here in Q3, and for the full year you now expect 8% organic sales growth, may be the best results we've seen in recent history. Can you just discuss some of the key drivers behind the recent acceleration in top-line growth, how sustainable they are as you look out longer term? And then also just near-term, are you confident you can sustain the mid-single digit organic sales growth in line with the long-term algorithm, particularly as maybe you catch up on supply or as we look specifically at 2022, could there be some risk as you cycle these difficult comparisons from 2021? How you guys think about that conceptually would be helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, Dara. Good morning. Yeah, listen, I think we're very pleased with the performance of the business overall. Categories are healthy, both our beverage and food categories. Snacks categories are growing faster than food and beverage overall in the U.S. but globally. I think we're playing in categories that are doing very well, I would say, during the pandemic and now as we are exiting the pandemic in many markets around the world. So that's one thing. The other component of our success is I think we're becoming much more competitive across both our categories in most of the markets where we operate. And that's been a consequence of the investments we've been making in the brands, I think pretty good innovation. Obviously, investments we've made in go-to-market capacity, new capabilities, talent, everything else we've been talking to you for the last couple of years. So, were seeing the momentum across the business and we're seeing that momentum continuing into the balance of the year. That's why we are kind of elevating our guidance for top-line and we think that that momentum will continue well into the year 2022. I think Hugh, if you can --
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, I'm happy to jump in as well.
Dara Mohsenian: [Indiscernible] some parts of the question.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Dara, specifically on '22. And I know obviously there's always going to be lots of questions on that. And historically, you've been with us for a long time, you know we typically don't talk about the following year until we get to February. But given the level of question and given the level of volatility, I think we thought it was prudent at least to give some indication of where we are on '22. In short, we expect our organic revenue growth and our core constant currency EPS growth to be in line with our long-term objectives in 2022. Now, I know that's going to create a lot of additional questions, and candidly we're not ready to get into all of the details of that because, frankly, we're still early in our planning process. But I think we can say with confidence that we expect both revenue and core EP -- core constant currency EPS to be in line with the long-term objectives for '22. Hopefully, that gives everyone some level of comfort that as we emerge from Q4, we emerge with a lot of momentum in the top-line as well as a business that has got its supply chain well-managed and on good footing to deliver another good year next year.
Dara Mohsenian: Thanks very helpful.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Hugh Johnston: Hi, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: I guess I have a bit of a follow-on question as it relates to top-line and maybe specifically on innovation where we're hearing from some of our industry contacts that your innovation pipeline for next year, from what we've seen and what we've heard, it looks very robust. Just love to hear some color from you in terms of if you are, in fact, stepping up your innovation significantly versus prior years. And if so, do you think you're going to need to also step up your A&M spend to really support that pipeline and ensure that these innovations really get the support they need in the bottom market? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Bonnie. Well, it's good that you're hearing from our customers that innovation is good. It's always a good feedback. Listen now, more seriously, I think we've always seen innovation as a key driver of our competitive advantage in the marketplace. And we've been investing a lot in R&D, we're investing a lot in insights, and we're connecting better at the insights with R&D and the whole commercial execution to get the maximum return on those innovations. So, I think the machine is ready and it keeps getting better year after year. So yes, our pipeline is strong. I would say our pipeline in 2021 was very strong as well, and we're seeing the return from that innovation across the world. We're trying to be much more local, much more mid-term and long-term, much more incremental in the way we think about our innovation. When it comes to the investment behind the innovation, I think we have the right level of A&M, Bonnie, in our business to support innovation in a big way. And it's not only A&M, but as you know, we have a very strong push system that allows us to give innovation a lot of visibility and separate it from the rest of the category and make sure that the trial levels are higher and the repeat levels are good. I would say, yes, there will be a strong innovation across beverages and snacks. We think it's going to be quite incremental, and I would think we have the right level of resources to support that innovation within our current algorithm, so I would not expect a higher A&M next year.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, and good morning to all. I just wanted to go back to the balance of cost supply chain and labor. In the prepared remarks, Hugh did talk about those. Obviously, it's no surprise to anyone. But it was a 14 percentage point impact on EBIT. And I understand that your cost inflation had been running around mid-single-digits. And as such, I think like the EPS and you're having the pricing coming through also in the fourth quarter strongly. So should we read the EPS floor of a $1.47 a reflection of increased A&M you said, and not necessarily for 2022, but perhaps you are not going to flow all of the upside that we saw so far in the year into the EPS for the year just because of these investments, is it just that you're up for a strong 2022. Is that the way we should read?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, Andrea, good question. I think I would think about it this way; obviously, we've given you some pretty specific guidance in terms of where we would expect EPS to land for Q4. You know that we fore advise by 6 months to 9, months, those hedges that we had in the beginning of the year are starting to roll off, the new ones that are in place are higher costs. We had shared on the last call, as well as in the prepared remarks today that we expect to be able to price through the inflation that we're facing whether it be commodities inflation or other types of operating expense inflation. Some of that pricing occurred in the summer, much more of it is occurring in the fall in the beverage business and substantially all of it for 2021 in the snack food business is occurring really as we speak during these weeks right now. You also know that we forwarded by that 6 months to 9 months out, so we will have a better handle on where exactly 2022 costs are going to land as we get into the first quarter of 2022. And I would expect this to price a bit more to be reflective of some of that sort finalization of costs during the course of 2022. So Q4, some of the pricing coming through, the balance of it coming in Q1 of 2022, and the EPS guidance is reflective of all of that.
Andrea Teixeira: Great. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Operator: We will take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Just to follow up on that. I mean, Hugh, your comments on you forward by 6 months to 9 months, and so you have more visibility to get into the first quarter onto the cost base. That suggests a lot of pricing, and so I was hoping you could just comment on elasticity. Whether what you're seeing in terms of your models, if you're seeing less elasticity than traditionally because the innovation has been so strong, if it's tough to really get a read because of all of the COVID comparisons that are flowing through consumer behavior right now. But curious on the elasticity piece because it does imply a lot of pricing. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Lauren, I'll take a first go at this and then maybe Hugh can add some more comments. What we're seeing across the world is much lower elasticity on the pricing that we've seen historically, and that applies to developing markets, Western Europe, and the U.S. Across the world consumer seems to be looking at pricing a little bit differently than before. It could be several hypotheses. I think in our case, our brands are stronger and I think our innovation is stronger as you were saying, so that could be a factor. There could be also some behaviors as consumers are shopping faster in-store and they might be paying less attention to pricing as a decision factor, and they might be giving more relevance to the brands or brands that they feel more -- a bit closer to a more closer -- yeah, I would say closer more and more emotionally attached to us as our brand. We're seeing less elasticity and we're adjusting our models as we go. And that's obviously informing our decisions as we price the balance of the year and into 2022.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone. My question is around AMESA and APAC. And if we look at the year-to-date profit contribution from those two segments, it's contributing about a quarter of the operating profit, just incremental dollars. If you look at it on a currency-neutral basis, you've got a pretty healthy gap on currency neutral operating profit growth versus what the currency-neutral organic sales growth is. So, I guess my question is just, are we at a point in those two segments where there's enough scale where you could really start to see a sustained margin improvement and profit contribution to the total going forward or is there something just unusual in the near-term that's just driving those margins?
Ramon Laguarta: I think, Bryan, your two hypotheses are valid. I think there is a lapping effect especially AMESA last year suffered a lot given its geography, so India, Pakistan, Middle East, and Africa clearly were challenged last year. They are coming back, is a very beverage-focused business so clearly it was more impacted by the COVID mobility restrictions, so we're seeing those businesses coming back, and we have high scale and we have high share in many of those markets, and our advertising and marketing is doing very well. So part of that is lapping. Your second question on scale, yes, scale is getting -- obviously, every year, you see the growth level on the top-line. We're getting to scale levels that are pretty good in many of the critical markets in that region, and that's giving us obviously the opportunity to do better in the marketplace and the flow-through is also stronger. I think the two are relevant. If you think about the business going forward, those are very strategic markets for us going forward. And we continue to invest in everything from technologies so we can expand the portfolio, talent. Obviously, there is a war for talent in that part of the world. I think we're a scale Company that does a good job with developing talent in that part of the world. And then obviously our go-to-market being very strong, we have very good bottlers. And wherever we have our own operations, especially in the food business, we're also investing in digitalization and everything that goes with being more precise and more agile. Hopefully, I'm answering both the short-term, but also more especially for me, the long-term of how we see that part of the world, yeah.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning everyone, and congrats on this strong quarter and that very good client environment.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Talking about innovation, it's great to see you leading the Company, pushing the usual boundaries. So during the quarter you announced a partnership with the Boston Beer Company to introduce Hard Mtn Dew in the U.S.. The question is not so much about the potential of that initiative, but more on the route-to-market you decided to choose. So we'd like to understand why you decided to create your own distribution rather than rely on the Boston Beer wholesaler network. What is the end game here and by extension, your strategy in alcohol here in the U.S. and internationally? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you Laurent. Well, listen, we have a good partnership with The Boston Beer Company and they have the R&D, and the knowledge in this space that we don't. We have the brand, so Mountain Dew, I think it will play very well in that space. It will be quite differentiated in terms of the flavor profile and the emotional connection. That's how we're thinking about it in terms of the first step into this market. From the distribution point of view, we think we have an opportunity to create a distribution system in the U.S. that is quite unique in the sense that would be an integrated distribution system that can make coordinated decisions across multiple states from one decision point. And that could be, I think, competitively advantaged. We're starting with a number of states where we have the license to operate, and we will take it from there. We feel optimistic, we think it will be very incremental. It would help us with the drop size. It will help us with the economics of their routes eventually. And we think the same as we're doing with a chill distribution system, that goes very popular and it's unique and it covers the whole country. We think we could eventually vision distribution system that can be quite [Indiscernible] and quite integrated on the low alcohol part of our portfolio as well.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Vivien Azer, from Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Yeah. I was just hoping actually to follow up on the hard seltzer questions, please. Just curious your impressions of the overall category, it's obviously been incredibly contentious, the decelerating trends, and whether you at all discussed perhaps introducing Mountain Dew as a canned cocktail as opposed to a hard seltzer because it does seem the best where the consumer is moving Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Listen, our view on the category is it's very sizable, I think it's almost $9 billion retail value now, and growing 20%, and with high -- good margins above the average of the categories. Clearly a space where we should be playing, and that's how we're thinking about this. We see consumer trends that favor that this category will continue to grow in its current form or with new innovation. That's why we decided to participate our first entries with Mountain Dew, and Mountain Dew is going to be a flavor malt beverage, not a hard seltzer. I think it will be a differentiated flavor and with a very unique brand. So I think we can carve out our own space in that what is in relatively crowded market. And we'll take it from there. Obviously, we have a pipeline of ideas that we will be disclosing as we go.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey. Good morning, everyone and congratulations on the strong result. Ramon, I want to ask you about the decision to sell the juice businesses and the sort of overall satisfaction with the portfolio. So the Trop business, of course, has been with the Company for, if I'm not mistaken, over two decades. You go back over the years, the Quaker business has had a nice balance, I think there has been some discussion in the marketplace about a potential divestiture there from time to time. Maybe you could just sort of walk us through the decision to sell the juice business, what went into it. Can you maybe comment on preliminary thoughts on uses of the proceeds when the deal closes? And then, Ramon, just broadly overall satisfaction in potential other areas of divestiture. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Kevin, good morning. Listen, I think we've been looking obviously at our portfolio since I started with Hugh on the team and we've added some assets to the Company in high-growth spaces, long-term. We've added assets in Africa, we've added assets in China, we've added assets here in the U.S. that allow us to grow into new spaces, value-added dairy, or energy, or healthier snacks. We've made some decisions over the last 3 years to add assets that will give us accelerated growth. At the same time, we've been looking at other parts of the portfolio where probably the long-term growth and the long-term margin creation is less exciting. And in that context is where we see the juice business is a good business, but it's probably not a business that we think we can grow at the speed and with the margins that we want to grow PepsiCo overall. And that's why we decided to make this decision. We found a great partner in PAI, they have very good experience with previous similar partnerships with other large food companies. We believe we have a way for this JV that we're creating to continue to create synergies on the operational side for the juice business, continue to innovate and make sure that our brands, because we want to be 40% of that JV, continue to thrive and compete in a better way that they would probably do in our portfolio where we have a lot of choices where to invest on, where to focus. That's the -- that's Kevin, the logic behind this. That -- now Hugh can tell you about the -- more of the financial part, which is also very attractive, I would say.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, Kevin, no change to what we have previously communicated on use of proceeds. Number one, we'll use it to reduce that. Obviously, we're losing some EBITDA, so we'll adjust our debt levels to reflect that. Number two, is we have been -- we'll use the funds to invest in organic CapEx back into the business. Obviously, it begs the question, and I can see where people might go to, what does it mean for share repurchase in 2022? And the answer is we'll talk about share repurchase in February on all of that. That's a broader question on guidance, but I know that question is out there, so wanted to at least say we'll deal with that when we get to '22.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi. And my question is a follow-up, but not specifically on share repurchases. But this year, sensibly, you said you wouldn't be buying back as much stock because you wanted to invest in some of the acquired businesses, and I have two questions on that. Number one, we haven't, as of the 9 months, seen Capex actually tick up meaningfully, so I'm wondering what sort of investments you are making. Is it still Capex to come in some of those acquired businesses? But also, you cited those acquired businesses as being a primary reason for your gross margin erosion in the quarter, and I'm wondering how long that will persist. Are those businesses just structurally lower gross margin? Do you think that's going to be something in perpetuity? Or are there things you can do either pricing or restructuring-wise to get the gross margins in those acquired businesses up?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Wendy, I'll address both of those questions. Regarding the investments, I think the indication was that we're going to invest broadly back in the business, not just specifically into those acquired businesses as relates to Capex. Clearly, they have near a part of that mix so you're absolutely right, but it was a broader comment around Capex. And Capex is at a higher sustained level than it was perhaps a few years ago as we're driving a faster rate of growth in the Company and in making or supply chain more resilient as well. So I think from that standpoint the numbers are pretty consistent with the strategic intent that we had articulated a bit earlier. Regarding the balance of -- what was it, again?
Ramon Laguarta: International M&A.
Hugh Johnston: Oh, yeah, in terms of the international M&A piece, we're through the overlap period, the biggest driver on that obviously was Pioneer to some degree, the [Indiscernible] as well as, it's the lower gross margin business. We really are through that as of the end of the second quarter, so that's not an impact in mixing our margins down any further, but we're past that as of the Q3 results.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, I was hoping you can comment on just general strength in packaged beverage. I mean, I think all of us have been pretty surprised by the strength, especially with all the pricing in the marketplace. I was wondering, just from a consumer insight standpoint, what do you think is driving that despite the mobility improvements we're seeing?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Nik, listen clearly the category isn't very healthy across the world. Obviously, the U.S., Western Europe, and also developing markets. We're seeing, obviously, the away - from -home business picking up. We think in Q3 our away from home business is a 90% index to '19. It keeps going up with every month that goes by. Clearly that's a very positive sign. Now, our convenience store business continues to do very well as consumers are having higher mobility. But the remarkable thing is that they in-home consumption continues to be quite high. Consumers are not -- are still using the home as a hub and continue to entertain at home, and continue to do more things at home. And that's driving additional consumption at home versus the previous '19 level. I think, we're in a very good place where consumption at home is higher, consumption on-the-go is increasing and most of the channels in our food service business are picking up. Pretty good momentum. We expect those strengths to continue for a while, and we think that consumers have changed some of their habits from what we're reading in our insights. And we think that the beverage category is in a very positive situation for the upcoming future. We see the same with snacks, by the way. The snack business which is obviously a big part of our growth and sales and profit s, we see that category very consistent across the world. And it was during the pandemic, it is now growing in a very fast pace as consumers are gaining mobility as well. So I think, as I said at the beginning, our 2 categories where we operate are growing significantly higher than the food and beverage categories overall. And that is an advantage that we have as a Company as we play into categories that are from the consumer point of view are very preferred.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much and apologies if somebody asked this, my phone dropped for a few minutes. But -- so I'm wondering if you can give us any kind of update in terms of your shelf space in North America on beverages. There was obviously -- resets were delayed in 2020, we've had some this year and particularly on the C-store side where I think you were really focused on improving your position there with the energy drink offerings. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Yes. Listen, I won't go into a lot of specifics, it's widely available information, but I would say that we're gaining space both inconvenience as you were saying, it was a focus and we invested to gain additional space, not only for our energy business, but for making sure that our innovation was incremental in space, as that's what really makes a difference in the overall output of the Company. We have -- if you think about the other variable which is secondary displays or overall inventory on the floor. Because we've had some supply chain constraints in some of our products, we've pulled back on some of the inventory on the perimeter during the summer voluntarily, I would say, just to make sure that we were able to service the customers on the right level, that's something temporary that, obviously, we will push back as we improve our reliability of the supply chain. But clearly, it's a positive I would say, of our mix, of our top-line growth, the additional space that we're driving for both our beverages or snacks across all the channels. That's where we see the value of our push model or DSDs really helping us to execute with precision and not just muscle, but we're putting more and more intelligence in where we drive this space. How do we execute that space and all the positive feedback loop that we're creating with our people on the ground, our associates on the ground, to make that a differentiation for our Company.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Going back to the top-line, Ramon, as you look across the strength across your emerging market businesses, I wonder if there's anything you could speak to in terms of where that strength is coming from a channel perspective. Whether it's balanced, to whether you're seeing outside strength, perhaps some places where you may have not expected it when the year began. And I guess if that answer varies at all by key market, those insights would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Steve, a couple of things, I would say, specifically to developing markets. We're seeing a higher mobility than we were expecting earlier in the year, so we've seen maybe we were a bit conservative as we were planning the year in terms of how COVID would impact some of the developing markets. Clearly, the consumers have found ways to increase their mobility and going back to their routines of work or of school or whatever, so that's helped us. The other thing we've seen positive, as I mentioned earlier, is that the elasticity to pricing has been better than we had initially in our models as well. We're seeing consumers staying with our brands better. I think that's a consequence of investments we've been putting in our brands. And the way we're executing our pricing decisions are much more informed by data and granularity and we're able to execute different strategies by channel, by brand in a very nuanced way. I think those two elements are reducing the elasticity impact on our business and making our international business I think more competitive and thriving in the majority of the market. Those two would be the element, Steve, if I had to single out what's been differential versus our original estimations.
Hugh Johnston: And Steve, just to add to Ramon 's answer with a few numbers. Overall, D&E markets were up 19%, so we saw a good strong growth across D&E. And then some of the biggest markets for us, Brazil, Russia, India, China, and Mexico were all up either in the teens or 20%. Very broad-based growth across all of the big key D&E markets for us.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kumar Katari with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kumar: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Can we -- would you guys mind giving us an update on SodaStream? You've obviously owned it for a good period of time. You're mentioning it a bit more now. It feels this pandemic could have been a moment that really and very structurally changed what the future of this business might look like. So maybe just starting with how big is it now, what's household penetration looking like, and perhaps some of your plans there? I think that'd be useful. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. [Indiscernible] let me -- let me take we can go into specifics of[Indiscernible], but clearly the business, as we continue to invest in that business, it's very successful and it is a key strategic driver for our future growth as a Company. In terms of the performance, I would say we keep gaining penetration in what are the core markets, core markets being Central Europe, and Northern Europe, Canada and the U.S. some parts of the U.S. Household penetration is increasing, retention of those households is improving. There's a few things we're doing structurally with that business that I think will even accelerate its growth. One is we're building a direct-to-consumer business with SodaStream that is very relevant as it gives us a lot of first-party data and it allows us to have a lot of individual connection with consumers, understand their behaviors. And with that, we can ideate new products and we can also increase, let's say, the lifetime value of those consumers. So that's one big driver. The other thing we're doing, especially in Europe, we're putting our brands in the SodaStream model. So we're giving consumers the opportunity not only to drink sparkling water, but to drink sparkling water with the best-preferred flavors and the best brands or their favorite brands. The Bubly, be it Pepsi, be it Mountain Dew, 7Up, whatever in our international market. That's a big driver of how we think we can increase the lifetime value of those households and generate additional value. If you think about the -- our positive commitments and how we think we can change the footprint -- environmental footprint of our categories, Sodastream is a big driver of that future consumption model.
Operator: We will take our next question from Sean King with UBS.
Sean King: Great, thanks for the question. It's a question about energy drinks. I guess you mentioned in the 10-Q seeing double-digit volume growth. It's not necessarily what we're seeing in the Nielsen data. Is that how you're defining the category or just channels that we're not capturing in the track channel data?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Sean, I think it's the latter. It's more channels that were -- you're not capturing in the Nielsen data. Obviously, energy is big in the unmeasured CNG channel. And given the DSG strength that we have, we're probably over-indexing those channels. So you're just not seeing the data relative to what we have.
Sean King: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: Hi, thanks so much. Just a bit of a higher-level question that relates to a prior answer. Just -- can you just maybe discuss how Pep Positive is going to shape this portfolio over the longer term. I mean, clearly Tropicana had financial aspects as you noted, but there is other concepts such as health and wellness that are clearly relevant. It's clearly a desire to scale businesses with no single-use packaging, but obviously that's counter to much of your business today. I imagine this pushes innovation streams even more into health and wellness. I guess the question is just how Pep Positive is going to shape this portfolio over the longer-term beyond just what are obvious financial considerations of some of your recent transactions. Thanks so much.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, and maybe there's[Indiscernible] dealers to that positive one of them is precisely on the portfolio of positive choices, and I think you could vision -- visualize this as multiple vectors. One is, yes, we want to make sure that our products, current products are much better. Imagine Lay's -- let's say let's take Lay's, for example. You should imagine Lay's continuing to have the same great taste but having the lowest sodium levels in the market and being cooked with the best cooking oils. That is our commitment. We want to continue to give you the best tasting products in better, let's say, nutritional forms. Now, you should also imagine new consumption models. We're saying Gatorade in powder or in tablets, that's clearly better for the planet and probably easier for consumers as well. You should think about Sodastream as a consumption model or you should think about Sodastream professional in the offices, so we move consumption to -- with refillable, reusable models. And then you should also think about innovation in a way that we bring to the consumer products that are better for the consumer and better for the planet. For example, more legumes. We're adding legumes in our snacks portfolio. Legumes can be used as cover crops that clearly impact better agriculture, but at the same time are more nutritional to consumer chickpeas and others. You should think about innovations like -- we are working on with our Beyond Meat partnership, where we're going to have protein solutions that are not from animals and therefore it will be better for consumers and better for the planet. Multiple levers of how we're planning to evolve the portfolio with a lot of emphasis on making our current portfolio, which is beautiful more nutritious, innovating in new consumption models and also innovating in new platforms that will be better for consumers and better for the planet. That's how you should visualize the evolution of the portfolio in the coming years. Thank you to everybody for your good questions and your engagement, and for your confidence that you've placed in us with your investments. And we wish you all to stay safe and healthy and look forward to our next interactions. Thank you.
Operator: This does confirm -- this does conclude today's PepsiCo Quarter 3, 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You may disconnect at anytime and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-13 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions]. Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our business plans, updated 2021 guidance and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, July 13, 2021, and we are under no obligation to update.  When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to our Q2 2021 earnings release and Form 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCos Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I guess I wanted to ask about PBNA, hoping you could provide a little bit more color on that business and the drivers of the robust top line growth that you saw in the quarter. I guess I'm wondering if the growth accelerated each month in the quarter and if you're seeing this double-digit growth continue so far in July? Also how big of a driver was the stepped-up marketing and advertising spend, which you mentioned, was up double digits in the quarter? How much did that help drive the top line? And then maybe finally, on this business, you mentioned revenue in your on-premise business doubled in the quarter. Clearly, that's off of a very easy comp, but just curious when you expect revenues from that business to be back to normal levels? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Bonnie, let me try to answer a few of those elements. I think the results of the PBNA business are a consequence of the work we've been doing for the last, I would say, three years or so, trying to improve the equity of the brands, improve the execution, improve the organizational focus, et cetera. We're very pleased with the performance of all our brands. Were - if you think about Mountain Dew, Pepsi, Gatorade, all our large brands are growing very nicely. And then on top of that, our, Id say, smaller, medium-sized brands like Starbucks or Pure Leaf or Bubly, others are also growing at a very nice pace. So I think the portfolio is working very well for us, the consequence of the great work the team has done on innovation and brand, and the field teams are doing on execution. So that is the area we feel more proud about. Obviously, as you mentioned, there is a channel shift as consumers are moving more in the U.S. There's more mobility of the foodservice away from home channel is growing faster in Q2, obviously, as you compare it to last year and that's a tailwind to the business that I think will continue over the next quarters. But the most important thing I think for us to assess is that the business has been investing and it's delivering as a consequence of that. We're gaining share. If you - I'm sure if you've looked at the share numbers for the business in the last few months, the business keeps gaining share, keeps getting more competitive. So that's a good sign of the return on those investments.
Hugh Johnston: The only thing I wanted to add to that, Bonnie, is A&M was up about 30% in the quarter to that specific question in PBNA -- Im sorry, total.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. So just to build on that question, obviously, a strong organic sales result in the quarter to your average trends also accelerated sequentially and presumably it was -- the top line was better than you expected with the raise for your sales guidance. So I was just hoping for a bit more granularity on how much of the upside or the acceleration sequentially was driven by stronger category growth? You mentioned the on-premise strength, obviously, in beverages versus accelerating corporate market share, and maybe just give us a little more detail and numbers around market share performance? And then on a go-forward basis, given the strong market share trends, given the gross margin pressure we saw in Q2, can you just talk a little bit conceptually about pricing plans going forward in Frito and beverages and how the near-term promotional environment also may impact that, but just sort of your thoughts around pricing going forward in light of the market share strength and some of the gross margin pressure? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Dara, let me try to cover and then Hugh will also add on to it. I think when you look at the overall PepsiCo business, obviously, I mean, the biggest highlight for me is that the resilience of our snack business, right? So if you think about last year, it grew high single-digit. This year, its growing high single-digit. That is extraordinary if you think about the shift in consumer behavior, how our portfolio is able to adapt to a more of an in-home consumption pattern or more of an away from home consumption pattern. So that part of the business is solid. It continues to grow at a very high level in the U.S. and also internationally. Obviously, the beverage category is benefiting from the change of patterns and behaviors of consumers, and it was very negatively affected in the away from home consumption last year. Obviously, we're benefiting now from that and you see that in the acceleration of, obviously, our North America business, but globally, our beverage business is growing much faster in the away from home business obviously as the stores are open and people are moving around. So thats from the category dynamics. Across the board, we're seeing a share of market momentum in the business as a consequence of the investments we've been making for the last few years. And this is not only in the U.S., this is across most of our large markets internationally, developing and emerging markets. And that, as I said, is we're having better innovation, better focus on our brand messaging, better execution in store, better demand to supply connectivity. And so all that is working very well to our advantage. So that's in terms of growth and the key levers as you were asking on what's driven the acceleration of the business. When you come to our pricing and how are we going to deal with pricing in the coming months, I would say, obviously, same as everybody else, we're seeing inflation in our business across many of our raw ingredients and some of our inputs in labor and freight and everything else that we operate in the same context. We feel quite comfortable or confident that through a combination of net revenue management initiatives and increased productivity, we can navigate this. And I mean, were looking at obviously staying within our long-term guidance for the coming year. So, it is a combination of tools that we're having. We're working with our partners in the retail space and in the away from home space to make the right decisions in pricing to give the consumers with us once we improve our margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I'd love to hear a little bit about PBNAs margins this quarter. Obviously, very strong top line, so there's going to be some operating leverage. But I was curious if you could talk a little bit about building blocks on the margin this quarter, what you're thinking of as a - we've kind of reached a new sustainable level in that build to that aspiration to build PBNA margins back into the mid-teens-type level. So, if you can share any kind of building blocks, channel mix, absence of COVID costs, straight - lower promotion, that would be really helpful context? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Hi, Lauren. Its Hugh. Actually, you just mentioned a couple of the important factors for sure. Channel mix, obviously, is a benefit as small foodservice as well as the convenience store channel continues to do well. Convenience grew double digits. The foodservice channel, as you saw, doubled. And that's a good profitable channel for us. So that clearly was a tailwind. But keep in mind, that's really getting us back to normal in a lot of ways as well. So I don't view this as extraordinary. I just view it as we're getting back to sort of a more normal world, although clearly not all the way back. In addition to that, the energy category, which we participate in, in a bigger way, obviously has higher margins. Mountain Dew Rise is off to a terrific start. Rockstar, we're slowly steadily making progress on that. As we said, we believe that would take some time and we continue to believe that will take some time, but we're seeing some of the right indications there. And then, as you noted, the combination of sort of operating leverage in the business, plus a reduction in COVID costs, as we expected, also contributed. So some of the things that we've talked about in past quarters in terms of getting PBNA on the road to much stronger margins, we are certainly very acutely aware of it and we are focused as a team on continuing to drive that improved performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on the strong results. Question on the extension of the restructuring initiative and how this may translate to profitability. So you now expect $1 billion in incremental annual savings through 2026. I think this was generally expected by the market and translates to over 100 basis points per annum of margins, pre any sort of reinvestment. So the question is, do you see a greater likelihood that shareholders could see a greater degree of earnings flow through in this phase of the restructuring program? And I ask that in the context of a clearly healthier top line coming out of the pandemic and multiyear investments that the company has made, some of which we've discussed on this call that have already been put into the P&L? So if the answer is no, what do you see as the most attractive areas of investments within the portfolio, whether this is by product line or geography? So thanks for that.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Hey, Kevin, its Hugh. A couple of things on that. Number one, look, we've obviously been delivering $1 billion of productivity -- over $1 billion a year for a number of years and we continue to find opportunities to do that. Number two, part of what we're trying to do is shape the company for the future. And in doing so, we're obviously taking cost out in certain places and then we're investing in certain places, like digitalizing the supply chain and making our interactions with customers and consumers much more efficient than they were in the past. So I think what you'll see is, to some degree, those things will balance out. We've always talked about something in the range of 30 bps of margin improvement, that 20 to 30 range that we've been in. And I think you should assume that that's where we're going to be going forward as well on an ongoing basis. Now, obviously, quarter-to-quarter, those things may shift around a little bit. But that's sort of the track that we remain on, along with accelerated revenue growth. So the combination of accelerating revenue growth and 20 to 30 basis points of margin improvement translates into nice EPS. How much we deliver on in every quarter, obviously, it will be a product of the specifics of that quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, guys.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, Hugh, just wanted to touch a little bit on the kind of the dynamics within gross margin both in the quarter and I guess as we're looking forward. I know we've got raw materials and commodity costs moving, labor costs are higher. It sounds like there's also some just tightness in supply in some packaging items. So I guess, to the extent that raw material inflation probably is going to be with us for a while, just trying to understand as we're looking forward, how much of what you're seeing currently you expect to sort of stick around for a while, and how much of that you think begins to fade as we move -- as we begin to exit 2021?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to answer that, Bryan, and maybe shape a couple of summary comments to sort of help frame the numbers a bit. Obviously, gross margin was down in the quarter. That was no surprise to anyone. The biggest driver of that by far were the big international acquisitions that we had that are just inherently lower gross margin businesses, still good businesses to be sure, but lower gross margin. So the math of that obviously dragged them down to some degree. In addition to that, obviously, there's sort of ongoing inflationary pressure. We insulate ourselves to some degree based on our forward buying program, and that has actually helped us clearly this year. There will be a bit more pressure in the back half. But at the same time, as you know, we tend to take pricing after Labor Day in both of our businesses, and I think you would expect to see that pattern continue. So is there some - somewhat more inflation out there? There is. Are we going to be pricing to deal with it? We certainly are. The investments in our brands and the investments that we've made in supplying our customers I think is what enables us to take that pricing as we have every year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning and congrats on the strong results. So I think my question is a bit like you just said, Hugh, on the sales recovery. It implies -- the guidance implies about 4% to 5% growth in the second half. And it basically is acceleration on a two-year stack. So what is driving this more conservative assumption? Is that something outside the U.S., the lack of visibility given that you have the reopening, you have the single serving coming back, you just said, post Labor Day, you have the pricing coming in and you also commented on the energy becoming bigger for you, so all of those. Can you help us bridge why the second half would be acceleration in a two-year stack?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea, a couple of things I think that went through our guidance. First and I'll always start with this. When we deliver guidance to you all, it is a number that we intend to hit and we have high, high assurance of hitting it. So as we sort of evaluate scenarios for the balance of the year, we obviously contemplate both the opportunity factors that you've mentioned, all of which are quite real, as well as the risk factors of we're not fully out of the pandemic at this point yet. There's sort of lots of volatility to some degree in the U.S. and developed countries, but to an even greater degree in developing and emerging countries. So as we sort of think about our guidance, we sort of package all of that up and we adopt the posture that gives us the ability to deliver under pretty well almost all scenarios. And that's why we've been as consistent as we have been in delivering our guidance. So I think as you think about our posture, I'll just remind you that that's the way we tend to approach this.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think, Andrea, just to build on what Hugh is saying, I think we've seen obviously positive trends in many markets, but we also see the reality of the pandemic. I was just in Europe last week working with the European team and when we thought it was going to be out of the COVID lockdowns, they're back into lockdowns in many markets. So I think as Hugh said, we're confident on our marketplace performance. I think that will continue. We're counting on the resilience of our categories, but also where we're aware of the ups and downs that might come in the coming months, especially as we move into the colder months in the Northern Hemisphere. So that is all included in the forecast for the balance of the year.
Hugh Johnston: And the one thing I will remind you of is we're delivering 6% on a full year basis. That's on top of a 4%-2% last year and on top of a 4%-5% the previous year. So, it's pretty strong overall top line performance for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And I'd like to come back to some of the comments you made on the energy category, you did say your premium [ph] market was pretty strong and you mentioned that you still have some work to do on Rockstar. So, clearly we are seeing that Starbucks and Rise to some extent and Bang are doing very well, but Rockstar is a bit behind. So could you maybe give us a bit more granularity about the relaunch and when youre thinking numbers come in, in the U.S. but also internationally, specifically in Europe for Rockstar? And also wanted some indication about Mountain Dew Rise so that we understand what's going on in the energy category for you guys? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, Laurent. Yes, listen, I think you mentioned the four pillars of our strategy, right? So let me go back one by one. Starbucks, were super happy with the performance of that portfolio and the partnership with Starbucks is stronger than ever, and we continue to innovate. And I think the new products are excellent. The execution is excellent. That business is growing. When take home and now away from home, it's really firing on all cylinders. The Mountain Dew Rise, we're very happy with the initial execution and the initial consumer reaction. So execution was very good from our teams. We tend to do that quite well. We have a good DSD system that executes laterally [ph] at a good level and we're seeing very good initial trial from consumers, very good repeats. If you follow on social networks, all the comments are extremely positive about the taste, about the efficacy of the other products, so good. It's 1% of energy. 1% share is clearly -- we're aspiring for much more, but it's only been in the market for three months. So a very good start. I think it's a solid foundation for what is going to be I think a great business. As you're saying, we continue to distribute the Bang business as per our commitments, and that's going well. And then on Rockstar, we were always very transparent. This is a multiyear effort, right, that we're trying to put strong foundations in the areas of product. So we're changing some of the formulas. I think the non-sugar portfolio is excellent and that's the area of the category that is growing the fastest. Our execution is improving a lot. We gained distribution and we gained better visibility of the brand. And I think our brand position is quite good as we found a niche that wasnt there. It clearly is differentiated from Red Bull and from Monster, and it's a unique position in there. We plan to insist on anything we're getting good feedback as well on that positioning. So as I said, it's going to be a multiyear. We're very focused on the domestic business here in the U.S., but also the international teams are very focused on that priority. And we will execute on a multi-quarter, multiyear basis. And we're very positive what we're seeing. Again, we'll keep updating you every quarter on how things are evolving, but positive so far.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I was hoping you could please comment on trends for SodaStream in the quarter, and in particular how that business has responded to the recovery in waste and home consumption in the U.S.? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, good. Vivien, the SodaStream business is a global business, right? So it has a very solid penetration in Europe. That business continues to thrive I would say in Europe and also in the U.S. We're gaining a lot of household penetration in the U.S. The latest thing we're doing and it's working quite well is putting some of our large beverage brands into the SodaStream, lets say, consumption model which started in Europe. In the U.S., we started with Bubly. Bubly drops are working very, very well as an enhancer of the SodaStream experience and we continue to push that combination of the Bubly flavors on the SodaStream sparkling water experience. So I would say still far from its potential. The household penetration is good in some Central European market is low. Everywhere else we continue to build that. We continue to build the direct-to-consumer model, trying to get many more insights on consumption behaviors. And that is helping us not only to develop the SodaStream business, but to develop the rest of our innovation and categories. So a pretty good ecosystem we're building of consumption at home, but also insights and innovation for the broader business. So we feel good about the momentum of the business and well continue to -- it's going to continue to be a priority for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Ramon, you commented on this just there a bit in the context of SodaStream, but as you step back, I was hoping you could expand on how you're viewing the performance of your recently acquired businesses in aggregate and where you're at in terms of integrating them into the broader portfolio relative to your plans coming into the year? And then, Hugh, in that context, I guess just to validate whether it's fair to assume that with the financial performance expected this year, that you feel you'll be on track to remove some of the financial constraints that you imposed upon yourself this year in terms of being able to resume elective buybacks and/or reenter the M&A market looking out beyond the end of this fiscal year? Just a health check there would be great. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, that's great, Steve. Let me just go around the different M&A and give you an update. Obviously, we started with SodaStream. I think it's as a saying is a future consumption model that we're betting on. It's great in terms of consumer personalization of the product and obviously better for the planet. It's going very well. It's going to evolve our initial expectations for the business. We will continue to invest. When it comes to the U.S., several acquisitions. The CytoSport business, which -- that was Muscle Milk brand and Evolve brand and some others, that business is really thriving. Clearly, well see that consumers moving into protein and sport and that's a space that will continue to grow. Very positive momentum with the two brands. And there were some jewels in that business, like Evolve and some others that were trying to take the maximum out of those brands as you will see in the coming future. The Rockstar I mentioned, Rockstar was an acquisition that gave us a great business, but also an enablement for a broader strategy. I think we're executing against those plans. We feel very good about it. The other acquisition we did in the U.S. in the snack business was the Better-For-You company, the PopCorners brands and some other brands that business had. That is an amazing performance. And we knew that there was a space for that popping technology and for the PopCorners brands playing in the healthier space for snacking and a bit premium. The truth is that it will keep adding capacity, and the Frito team are really doing a fantastic work in terms of expanding distribution and building the brand. So we feel very good about that one. Then when you go internationally, there were two focused acquisitions, one based in the Africa expansion, the Pioneer business, and we're in the middle of the integration. Obviously, COVID has had an impact in the integration of that business, but we're proceeding. This is a Horizon 5 type of investment. Africa will be a source of growth for all our companies around the world in the coming decades, and that's an investment with that time of -- that type of perspective. And the other business was the Be & Cheery business in China, which is a direct-to-consumer snack business that complement our potato chips and corn business in China with a lot of local snacks and you go to market in the form of direct to consumer. That is also working very well. We're starting to integrate. We're launching some of the Be & Cheery products into our, let's say, brick and mortar distribution system that's pretty good in China. And the other way around, we're putting some of our brands into the Be & Cheery direct to consumer model. So I would say the execution is good. The strategic intent that we had with all these acquisitions is working. The business case continues to be as we thought. So good progress, I would say, in all these different acquisitions.
Hugh Johnston: And then, Steve, to follow up on your questions on capital allocation, no change at all to what I previously said regarding M&A and no change regarding buybacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So the question is really on international, if you could provide  obviously, you had some pretty strong performance. The COVID situation seems a bit asymmetric obviously between the U.S. and other parts of the world. So just wanted to get some context on away from home, at home, what you saw there? And then some of the channel work that we've done, which suggests that PepsiCo has -- at least the beverage has been quite active in the retail trade with promotions. So I just wanted to get some context around that. Was there certain opportunity that you saw of kind of pushing people into away from home consumption, because the -- sorry at home consumption because away from home was under pressure due to COVID? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Nik, let me tell you a bit -- how we see the situation, the different markets around the world. Obviously starting with China, China is obviously out of COVID already for some time and the trends are the away from home business grew last year, continues to grow. Our snacks business continues to do very strong, the same with beverages. So good macros in China. The rest of Asia, a bit more challenged. So we're seeing and when you think about Vietnam, Thailand, Japan, even Australia, there have been more challenges there and consumers going back to normal behavior, so that might take a bit of time. Obviously, Africa, Middle East, India, you guys are reading the news, so there is a lot of -- still a lot of challenges there with running normal operations in all those markets. So it will be a while before those markets go back to a normality. Eastern Europe, very strong actually in spite of some of the COVID challenges in Russia specifically. Consumers are moving around and Eastern Europe is very strong, Turkey included, where they had some latest lockdown. So we see those markets performing very well. Western Europe, obviously away from home is improving compared to last year. But still you don't see the normal traffic North-South in Europe this time of the day -- at this time of the year, sorry. Consumers are staying in their countries. There's not going to be the usual movement of people in Europe, North-South. So we plan for that and we plan to execute our summer programs around that. Latin America and I happen to be -- I was in Mexico a few weeks ago, still the pandemic is very visible but consumers are increasing their mobility and that obviously is having positive impact in our small shops performance and somehow the restaurant business, the same with Brazil. So that hopefully gives you a little bit of a picture of how the different parts of the world are behaving and the trends in our channels.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, the only thing I'd add is broadly the environment seems quite rational. We're managing through this successfully, and it obviously shows up in the results. The growth numbers were quite strong pretty well around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Still early days and maybe premature, but love to get your thoughts on what the new normal is going to look like for the consumer channels? Any long-lasting behaviors that you're starting to pick up on that we'll see post-COVID? And to the extent there are, how you're changing or adapting the company to meet them? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, good question. Listen, we are still obviously looking at consumer behaviors. And I think consumers are also trying to figure it out at this point. We see some trends that I think are going to stay. The most important one probably is the shopping behavior is changing. I think e-commerce or let's call it e-commerce in a broader sense, it's going to continue to be a preferred way of shopping, something that a lot of families tried during the pandemic and we're seeing those families stick into that behavior. So that is going to be a permanent trend, and obviously we've been investing in e-commerce for quite some time; capabilities, supply chain, advertising models, et cetera, and we're working very closely with all our customers to pivot to that. So I think that's something that is going to stay. The home as a hub is also a trend that we're seeing more. I think consumers are venturing out, but they are still doing a lot of their activities at home and we foresee a flexible working model where consumers are going to spend more time at home and they're not going to go back to the office kind of every day of the week. Obviously, certain type of people, not everybody. We see that as an opportunity for our snacks and our breakfast and our food business in general, and also for our beverages business. We see consumers in general being more concern about what we call holistic health; so mental health, physical health, consumers are exercising more, consumers are more -- making more balances between their food choices, which for us generates a couple of important trends. Portion control, we're seeing that as a strategy consumers are following and that's giving us a huge growth in our variety packs and multi-packs and that as a trend that we're capturing I think will continue. The other one is consumers move into healthier spaces in our categories. Clearly non-sugar is growing very fast. I think we're very well positioned from the R&D point of view and the innovation point of view on non-sugar. And the same for more permissible snacks where we -- in the last few years, we've been between acquisitions and on development. We have a very good portfolio that is gaining share in that particular space. So those are some of the trends that we're seeing. Obviously, consumers will continue to evolve, but obviously we're following very close what's happening across different parts of the world and adapting very fast our brands and our innovation, our channel resources to those new trends.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Our final question will come from the line of Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi. Thank you for the question. So you just noted on the trend to consume healthier products and in your prepared remarks, you also talked about continuing to invest behind Zero Sugar, both on the carbonated and non-carbonated side. I wonder if you could maybe just help lay the land here on how the portfolio is performing and how you see it positioned and where you think the investments will go both on a product and geographic basis? Obviously in the U.S., if diet Mountain Dew isn't losing some share, maybe Diet Pepsi got flat, snacks gaining, but still relatively small Bubly doing quite well. And so just any perspective on how important or the go-forward trends that you see in this business? And where you really expect to focus in the near, medium and longer term? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, happy to discuss [ph]. Listen, I think the -- obviously consumers are moving I think and is going to be a long-term trend into healthier choices in beverages and in snacks, right. So we've been working on this for a long time in our R&D and I think we're getting very good at providing the consumers with very good taste experiences and functional experiences with Zero Sugar, and that is a great capability we have in the system. We have great examples of that. If you only think about, for example, Gatorade Zero, right, this is a massive innovation. Its over $1 billion innovation we only for a -- I would say 20 months something like that in the marketplace. So we're able to provide functionality, good taste, had a Zero Sugar even in spaces like Gatorade. Clearly for more refreshing experiences or more indulgent experiences, I think the Pepsi Zero solution or the Mountain Dew Zero solutions, those are extremely great tasting products that are getting a lot of consumer favor. If you think about our European business, for example, the equivalent of Pepsi Zero, which is Pepsi Max in Europe, is leader in many of the European markets. We have a much higher share in the non-sugar category than we have in the sugar category, and I think that's where we've been investing for a long time. We'll continue to invest. We see that trend not stopping for the foreseeable future and its where we are putting our R&D investments, our brand investments and our innovation investments. Okay, I think we run out of time. So thank you very much everybody for joining us today and for the confidence you've placed in PepsiCo and in us with your investments. So we hope that you all stay healthy and safe. Thank you very much and talk to you again.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-15 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos 2021 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to review our press release and prepared remarks, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our business plans, 2021 outlook and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we may refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta and PepsiCos Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. Good morning. So I just wanted to spend some time on gross margins; a) first, just can you give us some sense of what adjusted gross margins would have been in the quarter ex the acquisitions and the supply chain challenges you mentioned in Texas at quarter end that you mentioned in the prepared remarks? And then b) looking out more longer term we have obviously  we are seeing a really pronounced rise in the commodity spectrum across the board in CPG lately, core. And certainly, one of those is up substantially year-over-year. So, can you talk about how much you are covered for 2021 on commodities? But what I am really more interested in strategically is in the event that these higher commodities do fully flow through your P&L as we look later in the year or even into 2022, because it does feel like we are certainly in a normal commodity environment, how do you approach that from an organizational standpoint? Can we expect more aggressive pricing? And how do you sort of approach that higher commodity spectrum theoretically as an organization given it does seem like an outsized increase? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I will jump in on that one, Dara. Thanks for the question and good morning. If you look at really over the last three quarters, the gross margin decline we have had is really primarily been driven by the mix impact of our recent international M&A, primarily the Pioneer acquisition and we expect that to continue into Q2 thats the last quarter before we finally lap out of that.  In terms of 21, there is certainly higher input inflation, but its been factored into the 21 guidance, notably in terms of agricultural and packaging. In addition to that, we have also factored in the higher freight and transportation costs that we are experiencing out there right now. And again, just to remind you all, no single commodity accounts for more than 10% of our basket, so we do have a fairly broad exposure to commodities.  In terms of managing it, we will take a balanced approach in this as we always have between driving productivity and then being very surgical with the net revenue management opportunities that we have in the marketplace to mitigate pressures. And obviously, our eye is always towards making sure that our brand proposition holds up well with consumers.  If I put it all together, for 2021, Q1, up 140 basis point decline, about 100 basis points of that came out of the international M&A and about 30 basis points came out of the pressures that we experienced as a result of the winter storm in the middle of the country.  Going forward into the back half of the year, we do expect that to moderate considerably. And I would probably put our back half gross margin in the flattish range. As for 22, its premature really to talk about that. I mean we are so early in the commodity cycle, particularly on ag products that I think thats something that we probably ought to wait some months before we start speculating on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had a question on Frito-Lay, certainly, a strong quarter despite really being the toughest comp of the year. So, maybe you could drill down further on some of the momentum you are seeing in this business and give us a sense of how strong results could have been without the winter storms? And then separately, could you help us understand consumer consumption patterns around pack sizes? Are your large pack sizes still driving the majority of the growth at Frito-Lay and maybe how you expect that to trend? And finally, just curious to hear if you have seen any recovery in the impulse portion of that business yet and then if not, why? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, good morning, Bonnie. I will take this one. Yes, Frito, a couple of highlights on their performance. The share performance of Frito has accelerated in the last 6 months, most notably in the last 3 months. So, we feel good about that part. And we have been investing in our brands, not only the big brands, but the smaller brands and our execution capabilities, our supply chain to make sure that we started to gain share. So, thats very positive.  Obviously, as you look at the Q1 numbers, Frito was particularly impacted by the winter storm, because we have a lot of infrastructure in the south, lot of our manufacturing and depots are there in the south. So it was particularly impacted. So, we are slowly recovering from that situation, both raw materials and actual manufacturing and we are very close to having a normal supply chain now. Your question on consumer trends, I think there is a structural trend that we have discussed in the past and is the fact that we are seeing more and more small portion consumption in the snacks business and to a certain extent, also in the beverage business.  So smaller units, especially now in the form of multi-packs given there is an increase in home consumption, thats the consumer packages that is growing the fastest. And I think that the team has been very good at providing more personalization around that creating more combination of multi-packs, which drives eventually given that consumers like variety, it drives performance and we are seeing a lot of growth there. I think thats going to be a structural trend in that business. Now, to your question on mobility, yes, we are seeing consumers in the U.S., obviously, moving around much more, which has a positive impact by definition in consumption trends in both large format and small format. So, we are seeing much more single-serve growth in both channels large format and small format. So, those are all some trends that we are seeing. There is still uncertainty around in-home consumption, I think and we are going to have more information about consumer behavior in the next few months as consumers decide how much they go back to working offices, how much they venture out for some of their meals during the day. So, we have obviously a lot of insights and we are  all our future projections are based on those insights. I think the consumer will show us more as we go along in the next, I would say, 6 to 9 months yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So, I wanted to go back to the top line and the cadence of the quarter as you obviously lapped the initial pantry load, but also as I mentioned before, the disruptions of the winter storms are likely behind you. So, its a two-parter question. Number one, are you seeing foodservice less negative as you exited the quarter worldwide? And then second, your price/mix was pretty strong and obviously, your pack part of the business, the RGM has been negatively impacted by the large portions of large size packs. Are you seeing that improving and any opportunity to, along with that, mitigate some of the cost pressures with more pricing? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Andrea. Yes, on the foodservice trends, yes, we are seeing obviously as we are lapping the lockdowns of last year and we are seeing obviously much better traffic in that channel and we are going to see better consumption, especially as we go forward. Different levels of recovery across different channels within foodservice, but in general, we see positive trends and that should be very good for both our beverages and snack business. Obviously, that will have implications in-home as well. So, I think we will see a new equilibrium of consumption going forward. Sorry, what was the second one, I forgot, Andrea?
Operator: Her line has been closed, sir.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Well, listen, in terms of future consumption trends, I think what I said to Bonnie earlier and what we are seeing in foodservice that will determine the future growth of our portfolio, yes.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Ramon, just to add to that, I think she was also asking about large package versus small package and obviously as mobility increases, small package will tend to take on a more prominent role, which obviously has positive margin implications for us.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, which is along the lines of what I was telling Bonnie about, there are some structural trends on small format that will continue in our two categories going forward, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to talk a little bit maybe about PBNA margins. I know you have talked about objectives to get those margins up significantly through portfolio mix, channel mix, cost savings. They were up 100 basis points in this quarter. I am guessing the lower promotion helps a bit. But if you could just talk a little bit about some of the key inputs to drive that margin improvement and how we should think about cadence? Is this quarter the start of it or is this more of a one-off in that trajectory? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, hi. I think we have been improving margins at PBNA now for a few quarters. What we see in Q1 is a realization of the efforts the team are doing in the multiple vectors that we referred to earlier. So there is better portfolio mix. There is, as you say, a better revenue management across the different channels, but there is also an important productivity journey that the team started. So, our cost per unit across many levers of the P&L, are also improving. So we are seeing both a better mix management, better price realization and a better cost management through the P&L. We are also seeing a better returns on our A&M. We are seeing ROI on our A&M getting better, which will give us probably an opportunity also to optimize our A&M as we go forward in the year, so multiple vectors and good output from a lot of these different elements that will drive the overall profit improvement of PBNA.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of Am erica.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning. Maybe just wanted to follow-up on, Ramon, the comments you just made on A&M efficiencies. Was looking in the 10-Q, it seems like advertising or marketing was down in a lot of segments. I am not sure if it was up or down at all for the total company. But I guess I was wondering given where we sit today in terms of the stage of reopening, are you still  are you spending like at marketing at normal levels currently or will that kind of unfold as things reopen, so really just trying to understand whether or not marketing was up or down, but more importantly, are you able to kind of spend that at full level yet or is the environment not really there to do that?
Ramon Laguarta: Hi Bryan, good morning, listen, our position on marketing has been always a positive one in terms of continuing to invest in our brands rationally. And we didnt got meaningful the A&M last year because I think that really gives us the right to compete and continue to develop the brand equity of our brands. Having said that, we are continuing to get much better at understanding and measuring the ROI of the different types of marketing we can do for the different brands, the different channels, the different types of content. And we are getting better at optimizing that, what is a very sizable A&M budget across the company. So clearly, we are  our strategic position is to continue to invest in A&M as a big driver of long-term growth and brand development. Obviously, we are trying to  as we do with every investment that we make across the company, we are trying to have the highest return on that A&M, both in terms of geographies, channels, brands and different opportunities. So that  the end number in the P&L is a combination of those 2 inputs.
Hugh Johnston: Hey, Ramon, if I can just add to your answer as well. In particular, Bryan, on North America Beverages, we have talked about in the past that there may be an opportunity to spend at a lower level while maintaining competitiveness. And to the degree that opportunity presents itself, we certainly expect to take advantage of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Good morning everyone. I would like to focus a bit on the energy category I would like to understand the retail reception to your new energy offensive in the U.S., specifically in the revamp of Rockstar, the launch of Mountain Dew Rise and the situation with the Bang, which seems to be getting more smoothly, if we can say so. So  and that is important to understand because the segment is becoming even more dynamic than before with many more players, Monster having some of its own sales force, so I really like to understand how the retailers are seeing your offensive there? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good, Laurent, thank you. Listen, its clearly a focused category for us with a lot of effort, not only in the U.S., but also internationally. So, let me go one by one on the different components of it. The first thing I would say, the Starbucks Energy segment, which is, as you know, we have been working on it for many years now, continues to grow double digit. So that is very unique and quite defensible for us. Our double shot, triple shots continued to grow at a double digit. And our partnership with Starbucks is at a very, very good relationship. Now, when you go into the pure energy, a couple of things, as you said, the Bang business is stabilized and actually growing very nicely. So, we are feeling good about that part.  When it comes to our brands, very early, but very positive reaction from the consumer early trial, I would say, from the customer, very strong reaction on our Mountain Dew Rise. Clearly, thats a product where I think our marketing teams and our R&D teams have done a phenomenal job in finding a very particular insight on there is a need for a morning energy drink that is unique and differentiated. I think the product delivers on that. And the early feedback we are getting from consumers and retailers is very good. The teams are full on in terms of distribution. And as you know, we signed with Lebron James, and thats going to create, I think, very, very good awareness for the brand and very good early trials. When it comes to Rockstar, also I think the teams have done a great job with the repositioning of the brand, with the reformulation of the products, with the international launch and re-launch here in the U.S. The early  again, its only 6 weeks in the market, really with the new graphics and the new repositioning. We started with Super Bowl on the advertising front. Early reads are very positive compared to what was a flat to negative net sales growth. Its now in the positive territory and quite, quite high. But I would say, its too early to call whether we are really bringing new consumers to the brand and whether those consumers stay with the brand. I think we are going to need a few more quarters to really understand whats happening at the consumer level, but from the selling and from the customer reaction, very positive across the four vectors. And it makes us feel confident that we have a good foundation from which to build upon with future innovation and future brand events, so good start in [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good morning, I was hoping to discuss your beverage innovation strategy, please. As we noticed that last week in Germany, you launched Rockstar + Hemp. So as it relates to that product, can you discuss your broader plans for that offering beyond Germany? And then related to that, can you also please discuss your appetite to introduce hemp or even a CBD beverage offering in the U.S., please? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Hi Vivien, listen, yes, we are testing innovation across the world, different consumer spaces. And we will see, depending on the performance of the products and we will decide to lift and shift. I would say the test in Germany is very particular for that country. There is a sizable segment of hemp drinks in Germany. We will read that. I wouldnt take any broader conclusions for the broader company. Our focus now is on the pure energy category. We have identified the morning occasion as an open opportunity that is not well covered by existing propositions. And I think we have also the coffee bar. We have some other priorities in our portfolio where we would like the team to focus. And we will test and learn from some of the other opportunities that we have globally.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you. I got in again. I was hoping to talk a little bit about China because my sense is that with China being about two-thirds of Asia, if I am right at this point, the growth there has been very, very strong. And the comparisons in terms of COVID with only 2 months wouldnt have been that severe, just I guess the Chinese New Year portion. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about China, if there is anything you are doing differently there, share progression? Yes, I would be curious on an update on China. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you. Yes, China is a bit of a very special case, now given that how COVID is clearly a different cycle than in other countries around the world. We are seeing  obviously, there is a little bit of noise in our Q1 numbers because of the different timing of Chinese New Year. So clearly, there was a very good performance in China this year. Part of that is the fact that we capture more Chinese New Year this year versus last year. But having said that, the trends in China are very positive in terms of consumer mobility and consumer spending, we are obviously benefiting from that. On top of it, in snacks, we continued to gain share. We are building new manufacturing. We are building new agro programs. We are building  we are investing in rural areas for better distribution of our snacks business. And we are, as you know, we bought Be & Cheery, which is a Chinese company that has a portfolio of macro snacks, which complements our strong potato chip business that we have been building for many years. On the snacks side, I would say, very encouraged by the positive share, by the mobility, by the return on the investments we have made on rural areas and more capital distribution. With regards to beverages, its been a  it is really a very positive performance for the category. And we have been holding share, gaining a little bit of share in China in the categories where we perform. Clearly, the away-from-home business in China is improving, and that is giving the category very, very high growth numbers in general. So feeling good about China and feeling good about the balance of the year in that country. The growth expectations of the economy are positive as was recently laid out by the government, and we are seeing that in the consumption. Obviously, China is a very dynamic market and what we are seeing is massive changes in channels of consumption. So, there are a lot of new channels of consumption developing, social channels and new kind of entertainment, e-commerce type of channels that are driving changes in the consumer and the way companies need to adapt in their supply chain and their marketing spend. But overall, as a country, it continues to be a very important and very large business opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi, can you talk a little bit about  you mentioned being covered on commodities and the diversity of the commodity base, can you talk a bit about labor and staffing, what you are seeing there in terms of any price  cost pressure as well as what we should be expecting in terms of COVID costs and maybe the fading year-over-year of COVID costs that are in your P&L at the moment?
Ramon Laguarta: Hi Kaumil, yes, two things. On COVID, we are obviously  we go with the largest society. So whenever there is a drop in cases, our costs goes down. And we have seen that in the U.S. We have seen a drop early in the quarter, but then we see more cases now. In other parts of the world, we havent seen a reduction, really. So, if you think about Latin America, if you think about Europe, Africa, we see actually pretty much the same number of cases that we are seeing late in the year. So, our COVID costs will continue to be, obviously, to a lower level than last year, but will continue to be a factor. And there is  we go with how the government or broader society is able to manage the pandemic in the different geographies. So, that is the situation. Hugh, do you want to take the other part?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. In terms of labor pressures, right now, in the U.S., Kaumil, its actually okay. We havent seen a lot of labor inflation and we are able to get employees reasonably well right now. So how thats going to play going forward remains to be seen as the economy picks up. But at least, as for right now, we are doing fine on that front. And then as you know, and as Ramon alluded to as well, last year, we had around $800 million of COVID costs. And as I have commented before, our exit rate on the quarter was about, I believe it was somewhere in the neighborhood of $20 million to $30 million a period. We ought to see that number stay the same to sequentially decline over time, as Ramon noted, given the  as COVID cases go away, obviously, our costs tend to go away as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks. Maybe as a follow-up in part to where Dara and Bonnie started off the call, in the past, when we have seen inflation in corn and other inputs that impact Frito-Lay, especially in North America, my perception is that PepsiCo has often ended up cost advantage for a period of time versus competition just because I think your hedging programs tend to be more structural and long dated versus peers. So, I guess is that fair and if so, do you see that phenomenon taking shape in the current year as well? And I guess if you do, do you see that more as an opportunity to improve profitability, maybe consolidate a bit more share while you are advantaged or perhaps a combination? Just how you are thinking about that and if my underlying premise is correct in the first place. Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: If you want, Ramon, I will jump in on that one. Steve, with the competition that we have right now, obviously, its a pretty diverse group. My sense is you are probably right. We are probably a little bit further out. In the Frito-Lay business, we are going to sort of run our play. We have our pricing strategies in place right now, and my expectation is we will execute against those. And frankly, we will see how competition responds to them. So its a little bit hard for me to project how it is they are going to operate. But I think we, by and large, have our pricing plans in place. Again, will we use some surgical net revenue management techniques during the course of the next few quarters? Yes, we will. But by and large, I think were relatively locked into what were looking to do for the year. I did want to clarify one thing in regards to Kaumils question. I mentioned $20 million to $30 million of period  periods of internal term that we use. So I should qualify that as $60 million to $80 million a quarter is probably the exit rate that we had on COVID costs. And then well see where we land as the year progresses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. 
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I want to just turn to a question on promos in the percentage of CSDs and beverages sold on promo in the U.S. And I was wondering if kind of if you kind of help us sort of level set maybe where it was in 2019, where it fell down to in 2020, what it looks like for the quarter and your expectations for the rest of the year? Thank you. 
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Robert, so listen, were seeing a very rational environment for pricing and promotions in the U.S. at this point in time. In the category, I think the level of promotions that were seeing in Q1, that we had in Q1 was lower than what we had in Q1 last year. And we  our expectations is that we should be seeing a rational market for the balance of the year. At this point, there are still shortages, I think, in supply from many of the players in the category. And were all becoming better at understanding the  improving our net revenue management capabilities and understand the return on promotions and were becoming more sophisticated, working with our partners on getting the best return on the promotion. So I think there is a  there is probably a high likelihood that the market will remain a rational for the next quarters, and thats what were trying to do ourselves. And I expect the rest of the industry would follow a similar position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. 
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Ramon, I wanted to return to North America Beverages, just sort of overall state of the union because this, of course, was a big focus for you when you took over as CEO. The question relates to market share progress for key brands, Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade. Looking at the Nielsen data, performance has been a bit mixed, particularly in sports drinks where Gatorade continues to lose quite a bit of share. So if you could comment on your overall level of satisfaction with trends, adequacy of investment, particularly as you look to restore margins in the segment here in the  not just this year, but in the coming years as well, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you. Listen, we feel very good about our competitiveness in beverages in North America. And as we laid out a couple of years ago, we wanted to go one brand at a time and make sure that each one of our big brands became really competitive. And weve done it very, I would say, very surgically and very consistently. So we started with Pepsi. Pepsi now is growing  has been growing for the last 1.5 years at a good level and starting to gain share in CSDs, outgrowing some of our competitors. We went in with Gatorade, our second-largest brand. And again, yes, Gatorade is not growing share in the sports drink category, but its being 1 of the top 3 brands contributing to overall growth of LRB in 2020 and continues in 2021. I mean the growth of Gatorade has been very strong, not only because of what has been an amazing platform for the brand in Gatorade Zero, but also by growing the rest of the portfolio. And then third, Mountain Dew, which was our pending third brand. We  It took us a little bit longer but if you see the growth of Mountain Dew in the last two quarters, especially the last quarter, its been very high, right? And its not only the fact that weve added innovation, but our base Mountain Dew is growing again at a very good level. So we see our three core brands continue to  or starting to be very consistently growing at the category pace or above. That complemented with the fact that we always said we want to continue to be leaders in some of the sub segments that are growing faster, right? So if you take coffee, a large segment in the beverage category in the U.S., where were clearly outgrowing everybody else. If you see teas, were also gaining share in teas with our Pure Leaf and our Lipton brands. If you think about sparkling water, bubly has been a big success. So we continue to play on the periphery, but were making, what I would say, very good and consistent progress in what are the core brands of our business and obviously, very meaningful for the overall category. So were very happy. We will continue to improve. As I said earlier, energy is our next big space where we have multiple tools that we will use very incrementally to each other to drive, hopefully, share gains as well in that  in what is a very dynamic category, as Laurent mentioned earlier. So we feel very good. I think the business is becoming much more competitive. The business is becoming much more agile. The business is becoming much more thoughtful about performing today and investing for the future, so a lot of positives that we see in the North America Beverages in the last, whatever, 2 years. And were very hopeful that this will be a pretty good year for that business given the trends that we see in the market performance and the activities that we have planned for our brands. So were feeling good. Were feeling very good about PBNA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean King of UBS.
Sean King: Hi, good morning. And just maybe more international focused, but does your outlook take into account any negative margin mix effects of a beverage rebound versus the tougher comparison on the snacking side or am I thinking about the dynamics sort of incorrectly with respect to international margins for snacking versus beverage?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Yes. Ill jump in on that one. Yes, Sean, in short, yes, our outlook does account for what you just described. So in terms of margins outside the U.S., the snack margins tend to be lower relative to beverages where were a franchise company. Obviously, franchise is a higher-margin business, but where we operate a company on bottling operation a little [indiscernible]. Overall, our outlook sort of captures all of those mix impacts. I dont expect anything to be disruptive over the course of 2021.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. Just to clarify a prior answer. You mentioned that promo you expect it to remain rational. Is that to imply that you think it can remain structurally lower for the long term or you expect a normalization back to pre-COVID levels? I didnt quite get directionally which way you were talking about. And then the question just related to pricing, it was a historically high price in PBNA, and this is a trend weve been seeing more. Can you just talk about how you view pricing power in that division, whether that is a split between certain brands or categories and just overall your overall comfort with price over volume-driven approach going forward? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, do you want to start and then Ill complement?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Happy to, Ramon. To be clear on that one, yes, we do think that there is an opportunity for longer term, what you term price rationality in the North American Beverage marketplace, both from the standpoint of competitive structure as well as what we think is the right way to compete, which is primarily around innovation and brand building and execution. So we think the environment is well set up for pricing to be positive going forward. Thats not a temporary thing based on whats happening in the environment right now.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Chris, I think what Hugh said, were seeing everybody becoming more kind of capable and knowledgeable on consumer insights and apply to promotions and pricing and elasticities. And so were going to see more application of those multiple levers to provide good value to the consumer rather than just driving prices down, which I dont think is a big idea for anybody in the industry. And obviously, with the set of inflation trends that weve seen in some of the commodities and so on, there is probably going to be very little incentive for anybody to break what is a very rational environment as we see today. So thats how were thinking about it and how were talking to some of our partners in the retail industry.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. I think that was the last question. So thank you very much for your time this morning. Really appreciate it. I hope you guys stayed safe and healthy. And especially, thank you very much for the confidence that youve all placed in us with your investments. Thank you very much, and I look forward to future meetings. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude PepsiCos 2021 first quarter earnings question-and-answer session. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Fourth Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, Operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared comments, both of which are available on our Web site. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on today's call, including about our business plans, 2021 outlook, and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we may refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to today's earnings release and 10-Q, available on pepsico.com, for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. I had a question on your marketing, and how we should be thinking about your ad spend levels this year. It seems quite obvious, I guess that you can operate now at lower ad spend levels. So I guess I wanted to clarify with both of you that you expect to pull back on the absolute level of your ad spend this year. And then how should we think about this from a long-term perspective, especially when I think about it in the context of the overall health of whether it's your categories, and certain your brand equity and how you're going to maintain that? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, good morning, Bonnie. Yes, this Ramon. Listen, the advertising levels, I don't think we are maximized on -- [technical difficulty] in the investments. What we think is that the A&M line has opportunities for optimization, especially in what we call, Non-working, and we're working hard on optimizing that part. And obviously, we're working on optimizing the return on investment on the advertising part of the media that impacts the consumer. One of the decisions we took this year was, and if you look at Frito-Lay, for example, or some of our international business, we actually increased our A&M. And the reason for that is that within the formula for success of our portfolio we have to have our large brands growing at a decent pace, at the market level hopefully, and for that we need to keep them modernized, we have to keep innovating on those large brands. But also, we need to invest in the growth spaces of the category where sometimes we need to create new brands. And that requires a well-funded, a kind of support package to get those brands up and running. For example, if you think about the Frito portfolio, obviously we want to grow our Cheetos, Doritos, Tostitos, Lay's, Ruffles at a very good pace, and I think we're doing that. But at the same time we need to build healthier portfolios, some brands like Off the Eaten Path or Smartfoods or PopCorners or Bayer, all those brands need to grow to have a portfolio in the future, the same with our beverage portfolio, with Bubly or with some of the smaller brands we're creating. So, that's how we're thinking about our A&M optimization, obviously on the non-working, get the maximum ROI on the working part but ensure that we can support both the large brands and the smaller future brands in a way that we have a sustainable growth for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. So first, just a detailed question, as we look at your earnings guidance for 2021, it's in line with the long-term algorithm despite having nearly $800 million in COVID costs in 2020 that I assume will drop off significantly. So, just trying to understand why there couldn't be upside to the long-term algorithm should those costs drop off, if to assume reinvestment or higher commodities or other factors? And then second, Ramon, just sort of further on the question you just answered, we did see a pretty big shift in A&M spend at the Frito side this year, obviously pullback in beverage given the COVID situation. So I'd love to hear your thoughts on the ROI behind the higher spend in Frito, and if you think you're getting significant incremental revenue from that or the yield on those investments as you shifted the allocation within the portfolio, in 2020? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Okay, Hugh, you want to take the first part, on the how we're thinking about the short-term, long-term, and in our algorithm.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to, Ramon. Good morning, Dara. Dara, obviously that there is a lot of items that are in our P&L, we've identified the COVID cost as something we wanted to call out because it was extraordinary. There will be COVID costs and significant COVID costs still in 2021. So you really can't pull all of that to the bottom line. In addition to that, we're [pouring some] [Ph] to the A&M, as Ramon mentioned, in the snack food business and a bit in the beverage business as well. But as we [technical difficulty] given the level of uncertainty, we felt like our long-term algorithm from a revenue and profit perspective was an appropriate goal for us. And I think if we hit these numbers as we expected I think it'll be a good -- [technical difficulty].
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Dara. And so, that's -- we're thinking about, obviously, maximizing the short-term, but not at the expense of the long-term. And I think it's -- and to start a year thinking about our long-term algorithm is a good way to start focusing the company on a sustainable performance for many years. So that's how we're thinking about it. Then with regards to the marketing ROI, listen, we're getting much better at measuring the ROI in our marketing spends. And we think that -- actually we're, based on this measurement, we're getting much better at the ROI delivery of our investments. We're putting tools, and we're putting kind of performance metrics to our marketing teams. In particular, where you were saying about Frito, Frito has a very low level of advertising, I mean full A&M actually below 4% for a brand -- for a business that has so many multiple brands and has so much growth potential if you think about the share of macro-snacks that we have. So, I would think that if you think about the levers of growth for Frito in the future, I think A&M and an increased A&M should be part of it. As we think about our push model, it's pretty optimized with our DSD execution capabilities. I think on the pull side, we have opportunities probably to maximize the frequency and to maximize the other consumer connection with our brands and Frito versus what we do with other -- with some other parts of our business. So that's how we'll be thinking about the A&M investments at Frito.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So my question is on the use of capital, as you emphasize the buybacks and you're focusing more on CapEx, on investment in capacity to meet demand or perhaps M&A. So if you can comment on your capital allocation, Hugh? And Ramon, I was positively impressed with Europe and the recovery momentum there. Is that going -- do you think it's going to go and continue into 2021, and embedded in your guidance? And conversely, what are your thoughts on the deceleration in LatAm?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, let me start with the geography part, and then Hugh, you can talk about the capital. There the, I would say, Europe, we're seeing different Europes. Now we're seeing Eastern Europe quite strong, I would say Russia extremely -- extremely strong, Turkey very strong. Some parts in Central Europe much better, by Central Europe I mean Germany and some of the more developed Europe. We're seeing the south of Europe very impacted by, obviously, the lack of tourism and people not going there for weekends or longer vacations. So that is how we see Europe. When we look at '21 we think, obviously, as mobility increases we're going to see even better performance in Western Europe. And hopefully we can continue to see the good performance in the East. What we can see in Europe across the board is we're becoming more competitive, our share of market performance both in beverages and snacks was very good this year, so we managed to gain share almost in every single market, which is actually the metric that we're following the most in a period of time where the markets go up and down depending on lockdowns, et cetera. In Latin America, actually Brazil has been very strong throughout the year. And we feel very good about our Brazilian business also in terms of share of market, but also category growth has been very, very positive in Brazil. Mexico, at the beginning of the pandemic, we suffered a little bit in the [cap pillar] [Ph] part of our business, so the more kind of smaller fragment trade, we saw traffic down and that impacted our sales given that we have a very good distribution and availability in the market. The business came back to much more solid performance in the last quarter in Mexico. And although we've been gaining share across the year, we're seeing also the category recovering in Mexico. So hopefully we see a much better performance in Mexico this year in absolute terms, relative terms, I think we'll continue to gain share in the market. So those are the two big markets in Latin America, you get a good sign from those two. And Hugh, you want to talk about the capital principles that we have?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to, Ramon. Overall, our capital allocation strategy hasn't changed. We've talked about this many times. Number one, make sure that we fund the business to compete and grow. Number two is dividend. Number three is tuck-in M&A. And number four is share repurchase. One and two, obviously we've talked about in terms of our guidance. I would not expect, from the standpoint of the third one, I would not expect much in the way of M&A as we go through the course of this year and certainly nothing large. So, from that perspective, I think we have got a lot to digest right now. We're happy with where the portfolio sits. And then, last in terms of share repurchase, obviously we're trying to balance our debt rating versus our cash return to shareholders. We felt like the dividend increase was important. And at the same time, given the level of M&A that we had over the last couple of years, balancing that out with the debt rating, we made a decision that we're going to have significant share repurchase in this year. That's purely based on balancing the debt rating with our return to equity shareholder; nothing more that driving that decision.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi, would you guys mind providing some insights on how you are looking at the commodity cost environment? Where you are seeing maybe raw material inflation? And then, how you plan on addressing it through pricing or mix or trade spend?
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I am happy to take that, Ramon. Kaumil, obviously there is some pressure in commodities. We're viewing commodities as manageable right now. I'll remind you that we do forward buy on areas where we can of about -- typically about nine months ahead. But, we can't forward on everything. And obviously there is inflation in certain aspect of our cost structure. That said, the overall mix is as manageable between pricing and the balance of the P&L such that we don't expect it to be disruptive for the algorithm this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone. I guess I had a follow-up question just related to Andrea's question around cash flow. And Hugh, maybe can you talk about the CapEx levels and will they be elevated from multiple years? And then, I guess maybe on some color on just where like where that incremental CapEx spending is going. Is it capacity? Is it capability? Just trying to get an understanding of whether or not we are going to be with an elevated CapEx cycle for awhile? And then, also just where the capital is going?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Ramon, would you like to handle a little.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, please, go ahead. I'll add to it.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. Bryan, a couple of things on that, yes, it is elevated. We sort of have been running as you know about 5% of sales and now we are running a little bit north of 6%. And couple of big drivers behind it. Number one is the IT and digitalization spending that we are doing. That will be elevated for a couple of years as we sort of get through the combination of an ASP upgrade as well as a whole variety of digitalization efforts that we have going on in our supply chain and selling system. The second piece is primarily around growth capacity. And we expect that to be elevated for a couple of years. If you look at the way that we used to run the business, we ran capacity pretty close to the edge. And as we pivoted to more a growth strategy, we're taking capacity utilization down little bit to enable us to capture more of the growth opportunities that are out there. So, that's a big piece of the spend. And then, the last is productivity CapEx as we are looking at automation and looking at putting more capabilities into the plants that will yield cost savings that obviously is a big driver. So, I would say I would expect the capital spending to remain elevated for the next couple of years. And then, I would expect it to return back to our typical norms.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hi, good morning, Ramon and Hugh, and congrats on the strong hand of the year. I'd like to focus my question on the energy category. So, in 2020, we saw you making an effort to move into the energy category with the acquisition of Rockstar and the agreement to distribute Bang. So, could you please update us on where you stand in your journey to become a leading energy player, like to understand your view on the Rockstar revamp? We saw the Super Bowl ad, but like to understand a bit more on that, and obviously, your assessment of the situation we span, but also what are you planning to do with other brands like Dew and DNH category?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you, Lauren, and yes, a good question. Listen, let's talk first about Bang quickly. We're surprised by this move by VPX and especially given that, it was a very good performance value PBNA on the distribution metrics, but at the end of the day, we plan to continue to be in the distributor of Bang until October 23. And we're going to do our best to make that brand well distributed in the marketplace, but the core of our energy study was never Bang it's a distribution cherry on top. It was obviously what we could do with our brands after the acquisition of Rockstar kind of free adapt from some of the contractual obligations we had. So, the first pillar is obviously Rockstar. Rockstar re-launch both in the U.S. and its expansion internationally as of our core energy kind of mainstream proposition. I would say the integration of Rockstar into our supply chain is starting to happen. It's going to be a bit of a process until we got all the formulations and everything into our system, but obviously that's going to make it a better supply chain in itself. From the consumer point of view we are -- you saw we're planning to invest in the brand. I think we found a consumer space where it's going to be a bit quite differentiated and then were you are improving the formulas and we're improving the building different propositions for multiple spaces in that kind of mainstream energy. At the same time, you will be seeing shortly some announcements on Mountain Dew launch in the spring time. This is going to be the first big move for Mountain Dew into the energy space. We're very happy with the way the product concept, the support package and the support we're getting from our customers in terms of the launch. So that, that there would be a good event and it will be the first move of Mountain Dew and there will be future moves as well from Mountain Dew into the energy space. Obviously, one of our big pillars in energies are Starbucks partnership, which is I think is at an all-time high in terms of their relationship and the market performance. We continue to innovate on the -- kind of coffee, energy, Triple Shot, Double Shots. And we have some good ideas that will I'm sure will make into the market shortly. So, and then we're looking at other brands in the sports area and some other kind of spaces within the energy management, energy up, energy down that I think we can have a multiple set of solutions and brands that drive consumer solutions in a space that is obviously growing and as a lot of consumer pools. So, it's important for us, as we said, both from the growth point of view and the margin expansion point of view, and we feel good about the steps we're taking brick by brick to build a solid foundation for us to play in energy over many years. So, that's pretty much long, and you will see more news from us in the coming weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hi, thank you. Good morning. I was hoping that you could touch on your agreement with Beyond Meat and explain kind of the aspirations there in terms of the partnership as well as any embedded economic impacts in your 2021 guidance? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, great question. Yes. As you think about we're creating spaces for future growth, one of them is plant-based snacking, plant-based convenient solutions. We've seen that Beyond Meat was the right partner in terms of -- we did a lot of due diligence in terms of R&D capabilities and kind of willingness to share with us in the future. And we have high expectations for that. There should be no implication for our 2021 kind of investment or high sales is going to be still a small business for us in 2021, but we plan to be in the market within this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I was curious as thinking back to kind of your longer term plan, Ramon, that you laid out now almost exactly two years ago. Is it fair -- I think first order of business was seemingly to kind of shore up and reinvest in your bigger franchises. And I felt like the language in the prepared remarks today, there was a little bit more emphasis on -- it's stepping up the investment in the more -- and some of the ancillary, but critical growth opportunities, whether it's smaller brands or kind of healthier segments of the categories. Can you speak to the degree to which maybe the environmental last year kind of accelerated the support you were giving to your big brands and the impact that that really had on accelerating, I guess your progress vis--vis your long-term goals? I'd be curious to hear sort of a progress report. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, that's great. Good question. Listen, if you think back and you see the growth opportunity for PepsiCo, we are -- you think about the large LRB category globally were about less than 10% on a $600 billion category, growing out of 4% or 5%. And pretty much the same with micro snacks, a large category, $500 billion-$600 billion globally and we are less than 10%. So, growth as the lever for the long-term value creation of these companies is clearly the number one.
, : If you just think about other models that we're working, clearly our SodaStream has been a fantastic acquisition for us, and it gives us a platform not only to have a sweet spot between better for you and better for the planet, which I think is going to be a sweet spot of growth globally, that also a new way to customize drinks. The same we're thinking about, for example, the questions I just got on beyond me then the partnerships. So, we're building a lot of future opportunities for our portfolios to grow. At the same time, we don't want to keep our eyes off what are the core brands that drive the majority of the growth in absolutely dollars of this company and that have a massive runway for growth in the future. So that gives you a sense of how we're thinking about growth. Growth being our number one value creation; profitable growth, obviously, and I think we can do that over time by also creating those smaller spaces, where I think we can enter and win in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a strong year. Ramon and Hugh, for that may I just building of the last question around sort of balanced growth. I wanted to come back to the margin opportunity at North America beverages, because this has come up. So I want a number of times on previous calls. In your prepared remarks today, it's been more about delivering a better balance and improving profitability. Last quarter, I think it seemed to me at least the tone was more on improving profitability. So, I just want to get a better understanding here if the current commodity cost environment, which you commented on a moment ago, as well as the spending intentions of your key competitor because one would argue that they probably never been more constrained than they have been this past year. So I'm just curious if this is will be another year of sort of really limited margin enhancement, given these factors at North America beverages and want to get a better understanding of how bigger priority this is for the organization and then when can we expect to return to this sort of elusive mid-teens operating margin. So thanks for that.
Ramon Laguarta: Great, listen, let me take it first, and then, Hugh can add. I think the conversations were started about a couple of years ago was we want to make sure that we got PBNA to be a growth engine. And I think, brick-by-brick, we've been able to build kind of make sure our brands are all growth brands. And I think we're there and the latest quarter five plus growth shows that, okay, we're most of our brands are performing at a very good level, that was critical, because we thought that, there's no way to cut your costs in a way that is sustainable. So, now we have, I think good, good machine that has the right local execution capabilities, and the good brands and innovation now, we have the intentions to work obviously, on the margin expansion of PBNA. That is a priority for us, a priority for the business. We see this business long-term in mid-teens. We want to do it in a sustainable way where we keep growing with a category and expand our margins. And we have, obviously ideas on how do we be able to categories, segments of the category that are highly more profitable, how we get better at selling the right pack in the right place at the right price. So, our revenue management capabilities, we have a lot of cost opportunities in the end-to-end supply chain management, and also the way we support the business in some of our G&A expenses and a little bit of on our A&M as you mentioned, optimizations are all of that should give us the opportunities to continue to grow, add the category, and it's starting to expand the margins, this year should be a year where you see already some movement in that regard. And as I said earlier, we see this business getting into the teens margins over the long run, and without sacrificing competitive performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning everyone. Ramon, I was hoping you could just talk about, what's going on at retail in terms of assortment, SKU management at the retail level, because it seems like retailers are finally starting to focus on higher velocity items, and really trying to simplify their shelves, because they all learned the lessons of COVID, and not having enough stock of higher target brands. So just wanted to get your perspective on that, and some of the things we've heard from retailers at Quaker has been under a little bit of space pressure. So just hoping you can provide some clarity there.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think listen, obviously, we all had to take a look at our supply chain, right during this year, because it's been a challenging year from the supply chain point of view, given the number of infected people that we had in our supply chain, and so on. So, simplifying our portfolios has been a solution to continue to have elevated levels of supply to our customers, which has been our focus. I think as we go forward, and consumers move back to more of a bit of more of a normal life and physical stores, continue to be a meaningful part of their shopping experience, I think consumers will go back to experimenting a little bit more. And they will be looking for innovation and smaller SKUs. So I think we're going to see a small, slow return back to a bit more complex portfolios. But I think we've all learned that maybe the tail of their portfolio was not really delivering the returns that we needed to have for every SKU that we had in the marketplace. So I think there's going to be an optimization of the portfolios, but an increasing complexity as well versus what we have today, even though the consumers will be asking for a bit more experimentation and especially in our categories, where variety is a key driver of purchase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, great, thanks. Maybe just two things, first, Hugh, if you could given the higher CapEx that you mentioned, just your thoughts on free cash flow and free cash flow conversion for the year I guess, I'm thinking that a round about 80% free cash flow conversion is a reasonable place to start for the year consistent with 2020. But any thoughts you might have as to why that could be materially higher or lower? And then, Ramon, just because maybe can you talk a little bit about the Gatorade franchise, it had a really strong 2020, behind Zero, and other initiatives. And I'm curious to how you're thinking about it into '21. And maybe as part of that you mentioned, kind of a sports energy convergence and your answer to Lauren's question, and it looks to me like you're increasingly positioning 24 to play in that area. So maybe you could talk a little bit more about how those lines may be blurring. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, Hugh, you want to?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I will do. Obviously, Steve, we didn't give specific cash flow guidance, but I think generally speaking, the profile of our cash flow will be similar to what you saw in 2020.
Ramon Laguarta: No, hold on, let me just say a few words on the Gatorade. I think Gatorade we're seeing Gatorade, clearly, growing very fast. Part of it is our innovation; especially Zero has been an amazing innovation is proud that $1 billion retail sales value already for a year, I mean, that's a meaningful sizable innovation. And we're seeing obviously people exercising more. And obviously, that's helping us drive additional consumption. As we think about the future of Gatorade, we couldn't be more excited about what we see obviously, moving into other spaces, like I said, Natural. Obviously, you mentioned energy, those could be spaces. But where we see the biggest opportunity for Gatorade is in creating more of a personalized solution for athletes, and kind of amateur athletes like most of us, and creating a much more engaged relationship where we become advisors of the athletes of their hydration needs of all their nutrition needs. And we see an opportunity to create much more of a full ecosystem of engagement with the consumer, we provide solutions, we provide products, and we provide information. And I think that's the real future of Gatorade, which is a massive brand that has so much trust from consumers, I think we can leverage that trust in providing much more than just liquid hydration.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. Just first a follow-up question on Energy. And that is can you talk about, as you look at your guidance for 2021, how much does your energy strategy built into it? What is the impact that you're modeling for Rockstar and Mountain Dew on your 2021 guidance? So that's just kind of follow-up question. And then, the bigger picture question is how do you assess the impact of people staying, spending more time at home, on the snacks business? How much increased demand did you see in 2020 from that particularly in the U.S. and the likelihood of that continuing? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, you want to start with the energy?
Hugh Johnston: Energy, I'm happy to, Robert in terms of being one of the impact items for PBNA quickly the energy strategy is important to us. That's broad based, it's Rockstar, it's what we might do with Mountain Dew and obviously, the contributor as well, in terms of overall PepsiCo, yes it matters but I wouldn't call it a make or break type of item for the company this year. If things don't go as well as we expect, I think we've got enough other levers that that will be fine. It's important for PBNA to be sure.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, on the impact of the kind of the new mobility habits on snacks, I would say, we've lost a lot of high profit volume in both the convenience channel and the away from home channel. I mean, we always talk about beverages, but snacks had a pretty good impulse and away from home opportunity that we've lost and though that was high margin. On the opposite side, we're obviously seeing more consumption at home both kind of indulgence in terms of kind of at the end of the day, there's people need a break or during the day or during the day some break. And we are seeing more solo consumption, so more multi-pack small portion format. At the end probably bit of a net positive for the category. But, not massively in terms of what we are seeing across the world. Maybe a bit more developed -- in developed markets where we have more in-home consumption, maybe a more positive impact. But in developing markets where there is more of an away from home consumption, a negative impact. So, that's how -- for company those are the drivers depending on how the per capita consumption is built between in-home and out-home on the different occasions.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. So, I just wanted to follow up a little bit on PD&A, and specifically around pricing and promotion. So, three quarters running of strong net pricing in the division. And I guess -- and you can see this showing up in the data as well. I mean are you getting more comfortable around the concepts of using price as more of a lever in PD&A over time? And then, maybe specifically, we are at record low promotions across the categories including you're your portfolio in North America. Do you think that you can keep these promotional levels lower as a strategy? And just in general, how sustainable you think these low promotions are? Or, whether we're going to see some sort of reversal in 2021 and that's factored in your outlook? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I think strategically we see the beverage category trying to understand better the consumer and give the consumer what he or she needs for every occasion and with the right pack and right price. That's a hugely lever of growth for our partners -- retail partners and for us. So trying to build kind of a profitable growth along the lines of the value we create for the consumer from the particular occasion. That's a big driver of opportunity. I think we have -- we are getting at that at PD&A and globally across the world understanding the really the drivers of every occasion and what is best and what is the portion, what is the sizing, what is the -- what will drive purchasing and consumption. So, that's a strategic driver. In terms of the promotional effort, I think we simplified promotional calendars with our customers everywhere given the simplification of the supply chain that we had to do. I think we have all learnt that there is some opportunities there. But, I am sure there will be a little bit of additional promotional efforts as the world opens up again. But, I think we've all learnt that the relative price of the beverage category in some format in the U.S. even you compare to other markets around the world was very, very low. And so, I think there is a strategic journey to make this category a bit more higher valued in general terms. And that's the journey that we are all in and that will obviously drive additional value for our retail partners and for ourselves.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ramon Laguarta for any closing remarks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I wanted to thank you all of you for your support during the year and for your investments in PepsiCo. And hopefully, everybody stay safe, and all the best to all of you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's fourth quarter earnings question-and-answer session. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-01 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos Third Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had a chance this morning to review our press release and prepared comments, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forwardlooking statements on todays call, including about our business plans, 2020 outlook and the potential impact of the COVID19 pandemic on our business. Forwardlooking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we may refer to nonGAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCos Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, can you hear me?
Ramon Laguarta: We can.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay, great. So good morning. With the better-than-expected results here in Q3 and for full-year earnings guidance, were likely to end up with a pretty solid 2020 earnings result, all things considered post-COVID. So I know you wont guide explicitly for next year. But just trying to understand at a high level, do you view 2020 as a depressed earnings result in sort of a depressed earnings base that we should see outsize growth off of as we look out for 2021, particularly as COVID cost drop off, or is your bias more to reinvest any assumed drop off in COVID cost? And perhaps you can just discuss some of the key puts and takes potentially looking out to 2021 relative to whats obviously an abnormal 2020?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Good morning, Dara. Yes, listen, were very happy with the quarter and how our investments are starting to deliver in terms of, I would say, a global market share improvement and sustained top line acceleration, and also how some of that is flowing down to the bottom of the P&L, as you saw in our EPS numbers. In terms of your question of, are we going to keep investing or not? You  I think, you know our philosophy, weve been trying to have sustainable growth for the business, top line, bottom line, very balanced in that respect. I think there are continuous reinvestment required in terms of brands pivoting into new spaces or new capabilities require because of the new ways consumers are shopping, especially around the omni-channel transformation, their sustainability reinvestment is required. So were going to continue to run the business in a very balanced way, right, where were going to flow to the bottom line, along the lines of what we said a couple of years ago when we define our high single-digit ambition for EPS long-term. And  but make sure that we dont sacrifice their investments that are required for a company of our scale to remain competitive long-term, given whats going on externally. So thats how were thinking about the business. Obviously, well give you more information in February. Well know more about how the pandemic evolves, the cost that will still be required to run the business. I would not be assuming at this point that the pandemic cost will go away by next year. I think, well continue to have to put some costs back into the business to run the business safely. So, more in February, but I just wanted you to get the philosophy how were thinking about the long-term reinvestment in the business and the delivery of our EPS on a yearly basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning, and I hope all is well. So you just spoke on the resilience of the business in developed markets and the recovery in beverage, in particular, North American and also in Europe. So I was hoping if you can elaborate more, Ramon, on the trends for the on-premises with the reopening? And how are you planning your price points in places in emerging markets where the recession may be, will be hitting more of the consumer?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Hi, Andrea. Good. Yes, listen  yes, I can give you a bit more color on the away-from-home business. It has rebounded from the very lows of April, May, right? Its better. Theres more mobility. Theres more traffic in some channels. I would say theres a lot of innovation in a lot of the customers, so theyre adapting to the new reality, especially restaurants and some entrepreneurs are finding ways to adjust. So  but it still is a very big drag into  in our business. I would say, in the levels of 30% to 40% versus drag or negative still in most of the developed markets. So its still a very negative. Its better than the minus 60, 70s that we had in the April, May. But Im sure, its going to be improving, right? We see some channels still hurting a lot, like hospitality or entertainment or transportation. Those are still very low. We see some other channels improving. And were obviously going to lean into those channels to capture most of the growth. So thats the first part. On the second part, Andrea, the  yes, we see developing markets, especially I would say, Latin America, parts of Africa, Middle East, starting to feel the economic challenges for a lot of the households. So people are starting to  theres a bit more unemployment. And theres, obviously, these possible income challenges for many families. We tend to do well in those circumstances. Our  we can adjust our price points quite fast and we have good playbooks on how to play in recessions, how to adjust entry points to the category, how to deliver good value on some of the family sizes that are now preferred as well. So I think, were going to do okay. We tend to do okay in this situations. But yes, there is, I would say, Latin America and Africa, Middle East, signs of economic challenges for many households.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had a question on your FY 2020 guidance, which implies that organic sales growth should, I guess, modestly accelerate to, I think, around 5% in Q4 versus the 4.2% you recorded in Q3. But then when I think about your full-year EPS guidance, that implies EPS growth in the fourth quarter will moderate a fair amount to around  or from the 9% that youre reporting in Q3 to around 3%. So I just really wanted to understand how conservative your guidance might be, especially as I think about you facing maybe even fewer COVID-related headwinds as you round up the year. And then, maybe you guys could touch on what that assumes for A&M spending in Q4? I guess, it could assume a pretty big step up and maybe put pressure on your margins, but drive an acceleration in your top line. So any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, you want to cover this one?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to. Good morning, Bonnie. A couple of things. Maybe you and Ravi can talk a little bit. My math is a little different on the top line for Q4. I think it lands somewhere in the mid-4s based on the implied full-year backing into Q4. In terms of the margin implications, probably the biggest factor in all of it will continue to be the COVID cost. We mentioned that we had about $150 million worth of COVID costs in Q3 and that will continue to some degree in Q4 as well. And its a bit of a longer quarter in that regard. In addition to that, you know that where our A&M spend is booked on a curve. And as we get into the fourth quarter, the curve will be affected by the full-year A&M spend. So I think its a bit more of a drag in Q4 than it was in Q3. So nothing beyond those things, nothing in terms of other big notable costs other than higher A&M and COVID costs that, that will continue based on what youve seen so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask question about PBNA and good sequential improvement in the third quarter. And I guess, Ramon, what Id like to understand now is, now that youve got an energy drink  a more comprehensive energy drink portfolio can you elaborate a little bit more on some of the things youre going to do to potentially, I guess, take advantage of this situation? Youve got a largely company-owned bottling system, youve got the resources to spend. So are there opportunities to begin to accelerate market share from here? And then maybe if you could just touch on in this  in the third quarter, specifically, were there any market share issues or any issues with out of stocks relative to maybe can shortages or packaging?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Hey, Bryan, how are you? Good  yes, good question. Listen, when we talked about PBNA about a year ago, I would say, were going to try to go one step at a time trying to fix all the different opportunities we had with different brands, right? And the truth is that Q3 is a good reflection of that effort that the team has done over the last year, year-and-a-half. If you look at every one of our large brands is accelerating, so Pepsi is growing, Mountain Dew, good growth. Gatorade, good  very good growth, I would say. Our coffees, our teas, our juices are growing double-digit. So very good performance across. Weve then  with regards to the energy integration, as you can imagine, theres a lot of small details, right, in  operational details in integrating a business like Bang, which is quite sizable and trying to move it from a very dispersed distribution setup to a more consolidated one. So in every state, we had different anecdotes and also the Rockstar integration. So I think the team has done a very good job in terms of both the integration and now were starting to run it as a full business now. So to your question on the future, I think, were going to continue to double down on what I think has driven the success, which is very good innovation, right? So if you think about all our Zero, innovation is doing very well. Gatorade Zero, massive innovation. Mountain Dew Zero is doing very well. Its starting to bring new consumers into the franchise, a younger consumers that we had not been very successful with. So we feel good about that. Pepsi Zero, growing very nicely, then, obviously, bubly continues to do very well. So well continue to double down on innovation as a lever. Well continue to double down on execution and becoming a better operating company. So I think, the changes we made to our organization to more of a division structure is giving us more granularity and more local excellence, if you wish. In terms of execution, were going to double down on that. The energy portfolio gives us a much more scale in the convenience channel, which was a  some sort of a weakness for us. And so were improving in that channel, if you see the market share in convenience stores in the summer, great progress. So were happy with how were doing in that respect. So well continue with the playbook, its working for us. Now we have one more set of tools in our arsenal with this energy portfolio. Were happy with the way Gatorade is working. Were seeing a lot of more people exercising is a good trend. We like it. People are exercising at home. People are embracing daily routines of exercising that helps the sports during category and obviously Gatorade as a leader in that category. So we see a lot of positives for growth in the portfolio and then were happy with Mountain Dew. Mountain Dew Zero has been a great addition to the team. And its, I mean, its getting to scale and is getting very good trial, very good repeats in  and is very incremental to the brand. So I think, you will see, I think, that sustained performance in PBNA. And hopefully, we can  yes, improve our market competitiveness as we go along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I just had a quick clarification question than my real question. Ramon, I was hoping you could just clarify your comments around the COVID-related costs and saying that, you expect them to stick around in 2021, or beyond this year. I just wanted to see if you can just clarify like how much of it actually, out of the total pool of COVID costs, do you actually think well stick around? And then my actual question is just on Pepsi Beverages North America and its margin profile. So, margins today are 400, 500 basis points below the peak. So Im just trying to understand how youre philosophically thinking about the migration of that margin backup to kind of where they used to be? I mean, is this something that you want to really see happen quickly? Or you think itll be much more of a measured pace? Any thoughts around that would be helpful?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. To  yes, on the COVID costs, my point is, I dont know how the pandemic would evolve. But I think its going to be very likely that we still have to be very careful and keep our people safe for a large part of the year, next year. Its not going to be as much as what we had these years, especially at the beginning. I think, were getting better at this or finding much effective ways to run the business under this difficult circumstances. But theres going to be a  still some inefficiency and some additional costs because of COVID. So that was my point. With regards to the PBNA business and the shape of its  the portfolio and profitability, obviously, we want to get back to a much higher levels. The speed of the transition to the higher levels will depend on our success to drive market share and to drive efficiency on our, especially S&D and supply chain, which is where I think we have more of the opportunity. So we have a sense of urgency in all these in becoming a better performing top line company and improving the efficiency of the business. As you can see from the Q3 results, its a good performance. But were not going to sacrifice the long-term for the short-term. So were going to continue to invest in our brands, make sure that theyre well funded, that we continue to keep our consumers in our brands, keep them engaged. We innovate with well-funded innovation, and that we invest in data, especially data and infrastructure investments are required to pivot to the multi, the omni-channel world that were living. And were not going to sacrifice those investments for an accelerated profit improvement, but you should see profit improvement in PBNA going forward.
Hugh Johnston: Hey, Ramon, if I can just add to next question a bit on the COVID cost. Nik, to build on Ramons answer, but I obviously upfront there were sort of two implications. One was around taking reserves around potential losses due to customer  customers exiting their businesses, particularly in the foodservice area. And then the second piece of the cost is personal protective equipment and sanitation and things like that, which is more ongoing. In Q3 and Q4, those numbers are sort of landing at about $150-or-so-million. Depending on the course of the pandemic for next year, obviously, were going to need to continue to protect our people. So those costs, obviously, will continue until we get to a point where we have a different outcome from the perspective of the virus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. You touched a little bit on your ability to move quickly in emerging markets to adjust pricing in a challenging macroeconomic environment. I was curious, number one, the degree to which youve already started to make those moves, because in some of those markets, that price mix was a little bit below what Ive modeled the volume was a bit better. So I was curious kind of to what degree youve already started to put that playbook into place? And then from a longer-term perspective, Ramon, I think, a year-and-a-half ago, when you first started communicating with the Street about your longer-term plans, you talked about the need to broaden out the portfolio in international staffing into the value tiers, and thats where kind of your share performance wasnt quite what it could be. So I was curious if youve made any progress on that front, of course, knowing COVID kind of interrupted business as usual. But I was curious about any progress there as well?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, yes, its good. No, listen, I think, international is probably the biggest opportunity we have long-term, right? I mean, the per caps in both our beverages and our snacks is very low. And we see that as our number one driver of future value for the company. So thats a big focus for us. Weve seen the levers to drive per capita consumption. Affordability clearly is a big one for us. And we continue to make progress on adjusting our cost structures to the different market realities. And that allows us to have much more flexibility on the price points and on the  then what we decide to do with the different levels of tearing of the market. So the big enabler if you want for being a really affordable product, and that would drive per caps is our cost structures. And I think were making great progress on adjusting a lot of the leavers off that at the end are the cost be it in the supply chain, be it in the G&A, be it in the selling and distribution. So were  I think, were making great progress on adjusting the decisions we make on supply, delivery, and management for the different realities in the different developing markets. And thats driving affordability. Thats driving, as you were saying, volume increase, even in a situation where a lot of those markets are suffering. Obviously, a lot of smaller stores are still closed. And theres a lot of adjustment to the COVID reality in many of those markets from the consumer and customer point of view. But our strategic intent continues to be that one, reduction of costs, adjustment of the price points and continue to invest in the brands and the innovation that will drive the per cap development in international.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey, good morning, guys. Can we talk a little bit about Quaker and if we should be thinking about Quaker differently long-term. And that right now, obviously, its benefiting from the environment that were in. But is there anything happening there that might suggest trends could look different on a run rate basis for that part of your business?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. A couple of things there. Number one, were gaining penetration in a good way with Quaker, most of the segments in the Quaker business in these last six months. So weve gained penetration. Were investing to retain those new families. And obviously, to increase frequency in the  was a pretty large penetrated brand is known as more penetrated. So again, make sure that consumers kind of reconnect with the brand. And with the transformation we made to the portfolio in the last few years, eliminating artificials or making the product, I would say, more forward-looking products. So I think that, that work is in motion. And I think consumers are voting that they like our products and theyre  were gaining share in many of the sub-segments of the Quaker family. Now, going forward, our assumptions and  but its still to be validated with future. We need to see where the consumer really ends up. I think, theres going to be more cooking and eating occasions at home going forward. Especially we think that breakfast, there will be at least one or two more occasions at home every week, because I dont think were going to go back to work in the same way that we used to. And thats our assumption at this point, obviously, we can be right or we can be wrong. But if you judge by how in developed markets, everybody is thinking about their return to the offices, I think, its going to be a much more flexible environment and much more tech-enabled remote kind of work, where consumers will be at home a few days of the week. And that will drive, I think, a different behavior in terms of breakfast consumption and potentially some of the other meals during the day, especially lunch. So thats how were thinking about the long-term category growth and were trying to position ourselves to compete well in that new environment, where they should be more occasions for our products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. First, just a clarification of your pre-recorded tape, in which you said, you expect the U.S. to be fairly steady, but international being somewhat choppy. Im wondering if you could tell us kind of what you actually saw in September in international markets to drive that? And then my main question is, you put out now some very interesting direct-to-consumer businesses in the U.S., realizing that theyre very small today. But can you talk about what youre learning from those in terms of the consumer behavior habits and innovation? And how you expect to use those direct-to-consumer channels in the future? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. The direct-to-consumer models, as youre saying, is more of a  an attempt for us to stay closer to the consumer, read them, understand reaction to early innovation, and then obviously taken mainstream into the balance of the channels. So it is still, as youre saying, very embryonary, smaller percentage, but were getting a good insights. And were going to  we plan to obviously scale them up a little bit and get better at reading consumers early, test and learning with our innovation and also improving the way we segment consumers. We have prototypes of consumers that we can innovate and talk to in our communication. So that thats the journey going forward. In terms of the COVID in international, as you read around, there is an increase in COVID cases in, especially Europe, I would say. They had managed to control the pandemic pretty well. Now, September, theyve seen a number of cases going up. The way were seeing governments managing the situation so far is with local restrictions. When that happens, the business gets a little bit impacted, but not as much, obviously, as it was during the April, May more dramatic restrictions on people mobility. So were not seeing the business being impacted much at this point. That doesnt mean that, as the winter comes, and there is either have  the government have to take more restrictions that, the business may be a little bit more impacted, especially on the away-from-home and some of the more popular channels. So far we havent seen that. And weve seen the governments making very  a bit more balanced decisions between keeping the economy going and trying to protect everybody against the spread of the pandemic. So thats the situation, especially in Europe, as we  as weve seen the situation evolve in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes. Thanks very much. Ramon, when you think back to the original, faster, better, stronger framework that you laid out early last year, any investment priorities that you laid out alongside that? I guess, Im curious just to hear whether the experiences of 2020 have altered those priorities at all. Im interested, whether there are key things that have been permanently accelerated or added new to the mix versus other things that maybe have been deprioritized, even if only temporarily? And I guess, related to that, maybe this is for Hugh. Just  I just know that CapEx for the year is about  is now coming in about $1 billion lower versus your original outlook when 2020 started? And should we consider that simply a deferral? Or have you found efficiencies to more structurally reduce those investments? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thats good question. Listen, I think, were happy that we had that framework going into these pandemic, right, both The PepsiCo Way is with very clear behaviors for our people and has helped us a lot in managing through the pandemic, especially when we have now a more kind of empower organization making more decisions in the frontline. And they have a very, I think, good framework clarity on whats expected, and that  and thats helping us perform. In terms of the three vectors you were referring to the fastest, stronger, better, were happy with the faster. Clearly, were becoming more competitive in the marketplace. As we look into the future, I think, we  the  were going to have to probably go more after drivers of share, because categories might slowdown a little bit. So I think innovation brands, execution will play a very high role in trying to capture that market share. When you look at the stronger, we had some, obviously, it was part of the agenda to invest in becoming a much better omni-channel company, right? So e-commerce was big. Supply chain flexibility was big to enable that omni-channel. Obviously, I mean, the  whats happened that you saw the numbers, the penetration of e-commerce or e-grocery is just accelerated by three years now. So we had forecasted to be three, four years from now, its happening now. So that is a big focus of the organization, how do we accelerate the pivot into the omni-channel much faster, which means that, were going to have to hop some of the capabilities that, that we have. I think weve made great progress in how we deal with consumer data and how we have much more performance marketing, we improve in a lot of the  those capabilities, creating internal content, all that is happening on the flexibility of the supply chain as well. I think we were lucky that we made a lot of investments in additional capacity last year, and thats helping us this year, big time and helping us to have more flexibility. So good progress there. I think, we need to pivot with more of a sense of urgency. The other area where were doubling down is what we call holistic cost management. Holistic cost management was a capability we had. But clearly, we need more of that in terms of being able to repurpose money from one part of the P&L to another part of P&L. And where we have inefficiencies to get rid of those inefficiencies to reinvest back, where the  where were going to get the best ROI in terms of growth and flow through. So that, that capability, I think, weve made good progress. Thats another area where we put in a lot of emphasis. On the better side, I would say, the social consciousness. I mean, the need for becoming much more of a social company, no social company, but social aware company, both in terms of the environment and the inequalities, I think, has also increased, given the pandemic. So you saw, we increased the foundation funding. Were also quite focused on improving all our environmental footprint. So those are areas that more than changing the trajectory is more a sense of urgency to get them done earlier, as the consumer and society is expecting us to, I think, go faster in those areas.
Operator: Your next question
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And Steve, to finish off on your question around CapEx. Clearly, theres some element of timing as COVID has made it more difficult to execute capital projects. But I would also tell you, we spent a lot of time and energy around identifying new low-cost sources of capital and doing things in a much more efficient way that clearly is going to benefit the level of spending going forward. So in terms of specifics, more to come in February. But I would tell you, we are getting more efficient with capital spending.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Congratulations, guys. Great results so far year-to-date. Ramon, question for you. Weve covered a lot of ground. I did want to ask you about your openness to moving into the alcohol space, specifically hard seltzer. So, as you know, the category has been growing rapidly. Youve seen Coca-Colas launch here with Topo Chico in Latin America. Recently, they plan to launch in the U.S. next year with Molson Coors. Theres also discussion that Monster and perhaps some others, non-alcohol players may be moving into the space. So I was hoping you could comment on your openness to moving into hard seltzers. Is this an area that PepsiCo is looking at? How much time are you spending internally? And then maybe some of the governors that may be in place around that possible decision? Thank you very much.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, welcome. Listen, our focus today, 100% focus is getting the energy strategy right, in terms of executing that. I think, as I said earlier, is a multi-vector strategy that requires, both Rockstar doing very well. It requires to do a great job with Bang. It requires innovation in Mountain Dew to move into that space and then do a great job with Starbucks. So those four big pillars, thats taking a lot of our focus and thats going to be our priority, right, especially 2021. And I think you will see great progress in all those four fronts. Now, obviously, we look at every opportunity, right, there is in the industry  and a couple of years ago, it was CBD. Now, its more alcohol. So we get a lot of opportunities in front of us. Of course, were looking at all of them and, of course, we have people that are thinking more long-term versus the very immediate 2021. So, were reflecting. Were thinking, what are the best options. And we will make the decisions in the coming quarters, whether this is an area where PepsiCo wants to play. And then more importantly, how do we capture a lot of value of this opportunity is  given this three-tier system is not obvious how you capture a lot of value. So there is a, first, I would say, do we play or not? Second, very important is who do we play with and who do we partner to maximize the value for PepsiCo?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, Ramon and Hugh. And despite the current environment, we could see a strong quarter. So congrats to the entire team. Let us uncover [ph]. So just a clarification, maybe on PBNAs results, strong results in the quarter, especially in the on-premises, as the on-premises in there continued to suffer. So maybe you could help us reconcile the difference between what we are seeing in Nielsen from your reporting numbers. So could you tell us how big value is e-commerce and on-premise channels for PBNA and the growth youre seeing in those two channels? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Laurent. I mean, there has been quite a discrepancy always between the Nielsen numbers and the full performance of PBNA. So I would not go into the details of what is its channel. Obviously, e-commerce is booming and e-commerce is large. But theres much more than e-commerce between the final, I would say, results of the company and what Nielsen covers in its review samples. So, thats as much as I can say. Theres obviously away-from-home. Theres many channels that are not well covered, including some, I would say, organized channels that are not well covered by Nielsen.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Bill Chappell of Truist Securities.
Grant OBrien: Hey, this is actually Grant on for Bill. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick one on Frito and the competitive dynamics in that space. You have a fairly large regional competitor that is now public and talked about some geographic expansion opportunities across the U.S. So wondering if you guys have seen anything different so far in the competitive dynamics were pricing in that space? Or if you would expect to maybe over the next couple of years, I know, there has been a focus on share and holding share, gaining share in this call. So wondering if that changed your strategy or their strategy going forward? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, great question. We like, obviously, our category savory, and theres all the people that like it as well. So its obviously driving new entrants from people that were not playing in savory and people that were playing savory and have extended their ambitions to play beyond their original geographical limitation. So I think we welcome competition in that sense to me. The more competitors and more investments in the brands, the higher  the larger and the category becomes. Thats my experience globally, and I think its everywhere in the world. So we welcome players to the arena, players that they play with the levers that, I think, develop the category, which is advertising, innovation, better products. Those are the levers that develop a category and we welcome anyone in the business. Its hard to compete with freedom, right, given the advantages that the company has the scale of the brands, the distribution systems, the cost advantage, everything else. So, its not easy to compete with Frito, but I think its good that we have multiple competitors and that develops a category.
Operator: That was our final question. Are there any closing remarks?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you very much, everybody, for your time this morning and your questions  insightful questions. And thank you for the confidence youve put in the company and your investments in PepsiCo. And please stay safe and look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays PepsiCo third quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to review our press release and prepared comments, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our business plans and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, guys. First of all, the format is very helpful. So, kudos to your IR team for sort of pioneering this new format on the street. I was hoping for a bit more color on some of the more volatile areas of your business. You obviously mentioned improvements sequentially within the quarter and guided to the organic sales growth acceleration globally in Q3. So, A, can you just give us a better sense of what specifically is driving that? And then, B, I was hoping you could spend some time within that just discussing what youre seeing channel wise in the U.S beverage business and what you're seeing across snacks and beverages in some of your key emerging markets? Are you expecting pretty linear progress sequentially going forward in terms of improving sales growth or more volatility, particularly with some of the state restrictions cropping up in the U S and just given the developing market, country performance is pretty divergent in Q2? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Good morning, Dara. I hope you're doing well. Listen, let me try and then, Hugh, will add some comments as well. Listen, as we look around the world, we see a couple of factors that are driving our business. Number one, as you can imagine is overall mobility in the country. And that is by far the number one factor and we're monitoring mobility through various means just to understand potential future performance of the business. That's number one. Number two, and that impacts mostly developing markets, is the universe of stores are opened. What we're seeing in developing markets is that when situation -- when the infection goes up in the country, there's about 10% to 15% of the stores that close and sometimes even higher, and that drives a lot of the performance. So that's number two. Number three, obviously is where do people eat most of their meals and that's related to whether people are working from home or they're not working from home. And so that's a third factor that is impacted most of the food consumption. So, there could be mobility, but then people still have their meals at home. And so those three are the key factors. Obviously, there's a fourth factor I think will be more important going forward, which is disposable income in the economy and that's related to unemployment and that's related to how much money that governments are putting back into the economy. And that is -- it hasn't impacted the U.S yet. It is impacting some of the other countries around the world, as the governments dont have the muscle to put so much money back into the economy. So those four are probably the most critical kind of factors that impact the business, and that's what we're modeling for various scenarios as we go forward. So that -- that's kind of from a very macro point of view. Obviously, I said in the last conference call that we had in April that this was not going to be a linear recovery, right? There's going to be a lot of ups and downs, and we're seeing these happening as we speak right in the business. You see countries that we thought the pandemic was behind, especially in far East, that the pandemic is going back in very local situations, but still impacting both the actual supply chain and also consumer perception, right? We're seeing this here in the U.S obviously, as you know we're all familiar with it. So first it was the Northeast. Now it's other parts of the country that are being severely impacted by the infection. And that obviously impacts our organization, because we operate within a community, right? And obviously the number of impacted associates in our business it's a consequence of the community infection. So that puts a lot of pressure on our supply chain as well. So, hopefully that gives you a sense of the different variables, and the fact that this is going to be a roller coaster, if you want going forward. I think we're getting much better at managing our supply chain within this complexity. We're hiring more people, we're training more people, we're making sure that we can maintain the supply chain in any circumstance, but it's still -- it's pretty complex as you can imagine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. And I hope everybody is doing well. So my question is just related to the COVID related expenses in the quarter, and you were at $378 million for the quarter. And I think if I've got it right in the 10-Q about $224 million of that was employee compensation expense. So I guess as we're trying to frame the size of the expense in the back half of the year is $378 million a good run rate? And as we're looking at the components of this expense, maybe if you could help us just walk through what we should be looking at as recurring for the next 3 or 4 quarters and what might fall off?
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, you want to try that -- this one?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to. Okay, Bryan. No, Bryan, that's not a good run rate going forward. The number going forward will be less than that. It will still be substantial, but nowhere near that number. If you break it into pieces things like personal protective equipment that that's obviously going to continue. Things like sanitation that that's going to continue. The allowance for doubtful accounts on customers, obviously it's going to be variable depending on what we learn over time and how the customer base responds to the current environment. Frontline and employee costs will still be there, but that number should be moderated pretty significantly going forward. So, we're not kind of getting into to piecemeal guidance, but that should give you a little of a sense as to the types of things that are going to be ongoing and the types of things that ought to diminish pretty significantly.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Bryan, the most important component, as you can imagine, or factor that impact is, is the number of infected employees that we have, right, and therefore the quarantine number. I mean, the biggest factor is when you have an employee that is -- thats got the virus or supposed to have the virus, then we quarantine a lot of people, that's the number one driver of cost. And obviously that will depend on the evolution of the pandemic in different parts of the world. So right now, Hugh, I think mentioned the different components and how we're thinking about it, but obviously if the pandemic goes up massively, then that cost will go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you and morning. I hope you're doing well. And I understand that this is not a straight line and your comment that, obviously the emerging markets is the main question mark, but could you help us understand how you left the second quarter in terms of cadence on the on-premises and convenience and gas? And so I'm trying -- just trying to bridge the low single digits in the three quarter that you guided for? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, Andrea. Yes. Listen, just to give you a sense of how the different components I was referring to earlier impact the different channels. Obviously, mobility has a very direct correlation with smallest store sales, right? And in the U.S its convenience stores, around the world its other channels that play that same role, but we see a big correlation between mobility and convenience store or on-premise -- sorry, small channel performance. Obviously, as we went through the quarter, April was very low consumption in that channel. Second half of May, June was an improvement, substantial improvement in that channel. The away from home channel is much more complex, right? There's a lot of different need states that consumers are going after there. And so there was also an improvement overall throughout the quarter that is still substantially below last year. I mean, like a big number below last year and also different components of the channel with different levels of performance. So you see channels like transportation still very low, hospitality is still very low, universities closed. You saw restaurants coming back, especially more informal type of restaurants coming back, and more formal restaurants less so. So you see different performances, Andrea, across the different channels. In terms of geography, China came back pretty quickly. I would say that almost in growth in the last part of the quarter. You saw Europe slower, the comeback of the -- both the kind of the small store channel and the away-from-home channel in Europe was a bit slower. We're seeing it better lately as people are starting to move around Europe and going on vacation to some areas in the South of Europe. So let's see how it evolves now. Obviously, there's less people moving around Europe compared to other years, but its improved. In the U.S we saw an improvement as I said in May, June in specialty, everything that had to do with smaller channels. Now, let's see how this latest news in the evolution of the pandemic in the South and the West of the country impacts those channels, and the decisions that regulators take in terms of protecting the overall community, right? So that probably gives you a sense of how this is impacted. As we see the pandemic evolving now into Africa, South America, parts of the Middle East, India, we're seeing obviously an impact in the traffic in stores and that drives the business. So it's still very fluid overall. It's an improvement versus the April timeframe, for sure. And that's why we're guiding to a small growth in the Q -- in the Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning, everyone. And I hope that you're doing well. Ramon, I had a strategy related question for you specifically around market share, because it certainly seems to be an area of greater emphasis on your leadership. And if I'm not mistaken also taking on a more prominent role in a management incentive structure as well. So with that as context, is that a fair characterization, number one. If so, how do you drive that behavior? How do you intend to prioritize innovation and premiumization and mix to support market share initiatives? And how do you balance that with the potential risk that this push on market share does not devolve into more promotional pricing, like particularly North America carbonated soft drinks where the industry has gotten away from that behavior now for a number of years. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Kevin. And that's a good -- it's a very good question. Yes, listen, the share of market is -- it's being central to our strategy, and it will continue so, right? It has been during the pandemic, one of the key principles that we have set for ourselves that we're going to try to improve market share. Obviously, we are trying to develop our market share position in a sustainable way. So it's more related to the strength of our supply chain, the strength of our go-to-market execution, our ability to innovate faster into spaces that we see consumer value, our customer relationships. Those elements that we think are sustainable, the part of our brands, obviously. And you saw us making a lot of investments in '19, both in capacity and infrastructure in stronger brands. We innovated into new spaces, that's helping us navigate better the current situation and we're continuing to do so. There's some spaces in the market that are I think we will determine the share of market of the future. For example, I think e-commerce, if you see the growth of e-commerce, it is going to be quite strategic. I think whoever wins in e-commerce now and is able to capture those families that are trying this e-grocery service for the first time I think is going to win those families in the future. So we're investing heavily in trying to be the first in that channel and trying to -- and again, the investments that we made in the last few years, last year in particular, are helping us both from the data availability, the agility of our infrastructure to supply those channels, etcetera. So e-commerce is a key area where we think we can gain market share. Second is, the strength of our DSD system and our ability to service the stores directly, I think is a capability that is quite unique. And it gives us the advantage to keep the supply chain going in spite of all the challenges we're all facing. So that's also an area where we plan to double down that improves our execution in store and the inventory in store. And that is also a sustainable advantage. The third one is brands. I know we had -- we're seeing consumers going back to brands that they trust. And we have quite a lot in many markets that consumers trust. There's big brands that have been around for some time, weve modernized them, weve kept them relevant to the consumer. And then we're seeing spaces, like healthier parts of the consumer demand where we have a lot of beautiful brands as well and we're reinvesting in those brands, either the zero prepositions in beverages, both Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade, we're investing a lot in those parts of the portfolio and they keep growing. And also in snacks with brands like Off the Eaten Path or Smartfood or the all the Simply range or PopCorners or whatever. So there's a lot of spaces where we think that we invest in those spaces, we're going to capture market share for the future. The other one we're investing very substantial amounts and it's working very well for us is SodaStream, right? SodaStream is a beautiful business for this situation we're living today. So we -- consumers don't have to leave their houses. They have perfect choices. We're putting our Pepsi brands in the SodaStream model in Europe, and it's working very well. We're investing in those. So it's sustainable long-term market share across multiple parts of the value chain that I think is going to give us a stronger -- is going to make us a stronger company going forward. So that's how we're thinking about share of market and sustainable share of market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had a question on your price mix of 1.5% in the quarter, which was better-than-expected, especially for PB&A, where your price mix was up 3%. So hoping you could drill down on some of the key drivers of this. I guess, I'm trying to understand the strength in your price mix given the negative channel mix shift, and then I assume negative packaging mix. So, with the strong price mix in PB&A, a function of lower promos in the quarter? And then really how sustainable is this positive price mix going forward, especially in this environment? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, do you want a go at this?
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Happy to, Ramon. Hi, Bonnie. Yes, price mix at 1.5% for the company, obviously that that's a complicated number because it's global and sort of incorporates almost everything. Going a little bit deeper on PB&A, I think the primary factors were around less promotional depth than what we had seen in the past. I think frequency is pretty similar, but the depth wasn't quite there. Obviously, supply can -- supply chains were a bit constrained in that regard. So it didn't make sense to go as deep. So I think that that's the biggest factor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivian Acer of Cowan.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Ramon, I appreciate your commentary around investing behind emerging brands and relevant brands like SodaStream. Just hoping for either you or Hugh to comment on the reduction in nonessential advertising and really just reconciling that. It seems like perhaps, the COVID recovery is taking longer than perhaps we would have anticipated when you reported earnings a quarter ago. So just curious to hear how you're thinking about that line item. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Advertising is a key component of our strategy, Vivien, and it will continue. We still think that it's critical that we continue to use that lever to drive penetration of the brands and trial and just the image of the brand. So that is -- hasn't changed at all. There has been a bit of an adjustment, especially in some markets early on in the quarter, because the truth is that the consumer habits change a lot and we modify some of the A&M decisions. We also have become a bit more selective about the type of A&M that we're doing and some of the activities that had lower ROI where we're stopping them and we're putting more money against the initiatives that had more return on investment. So I think we are -- we become better, and sometimes a crisis helps to be more selective and to be more impactful and to kind of generate internal momentum against simplification and against focus against fewer and bigger. And that's what we're trying to do. It's -- as you see from our results it is working quite well. Obviously, balance of the year we continue to invest as we see the consumers moving around and demand for our products starting to be a bit higher, yes, we'll keep investing and -- again, not trying to lose that focus on fewer and bigger and trying to minimize the lower ROI initiatives that sometimes we have in what is a very large business. Yes, so that's how we're thinking about A&M. Hugh, I don't know if there's anything else from your side.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. The one thing I wanted to add as well, Ramon is, Vivien, as we've talked about being stronger, part of that has been building some more capability to do A&M in-house. It's got a couple of benefits. One, it improves our speed; and number two, it has proven to be more efficient over time. So we can actually get same or more value for less money, which is obviously a terrific outcome for the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thank you. I felt like in the prepared remarks that the tone around kind of cost control and the investment was maybe a little bit different than it was 3 months ago. I would describe it maybe it's a little bit more measured where last quarter you were talking about staying on the attack. Of course, still a strong criteria for ROI. And this quarter we're talking about zero based mindset, earning your budget. So I guess by no stretch do I think that you didn't anticipate that the environment was going to be rough. I think that was very clear 3 months ago and it's remained as such. But what is it that's really changed in your thinking in your approach then versus now. Yes, just it did feel a bit different, still very proactive, but sort of from a different step. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Good, Lauren. The idea -- the concept of holistic cost management that we put early on, I mean, it was early last year as one of the principles of how we would get stronger, it's a capability weve been, I would say investing and focusing everybody around the company in this concept of holistic cost management, which basically it is the concept that you're referring to, which is you earn your budget every year. And we're trying to be much more granular around composition of the budget and what really is required now going forward versus what it was required, let's say last year or two years ago, and going through that process of rethinking the budget every year, and reallocating costs against what's going to give us the best return in the year and going forward. So that capability is there. We're emphasizing it more, because obviously what we're seeing is that there is a challenging time. We're having to put $500 million of costs in COVID related expenses. We will have to put some more going forward. So, we have to find ways to fund that, and we have to find ways to continue to invest in our brands and our commercial activities to keep growing and gaining market share. So we have to be super selective on where do we put the money in every single line of the P&L. So we're emphasizing that from the position that every cent has to work for the growth drivers of the company. So that is the principle that were -- that is being adopted across the organization in every single market. On the other side, we are seeing that -- potentially as unemployment goes up in several parts of the world. I think companies will have to be much more cautious about obviously the resources that we use and how do we use those resources. So I think this capability is going to come very helpful for us. And that's what we're talking about in the sense of, let's be very diligent in how we look at every single line of our budget and how we reallocate those monies into the highest return on investment growth drivers. And with that, I think we'll be successful in gaining share of market and driving growth hopefully flowing that growth back into profits for the sustainability of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, Ramon and Hugh. And first congratulation on different specific -- very specific initiatives you are taking to address Black Life Matters. I would like to focus my question on the energy category in the -- in your prior remark, you mentioned the bank business was already almost fully transferred to your system as well as much quicker than most expected, so that's great. Could you please tell us what was the retailers' reaction to the push youre making in the energy category and what they expect from PepsiCo and also regarding ROCKSTAR specifically how long do you think it would take to reenergize the brand? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Hello, Laurent. Yes, good question. Listen, yes, we are almost completed with the integration of the Bang brand into our selling systems. It's been a complex process because Bang had between 250, 300 distributors across the country. So as you can imagine the details of that transition has been quite exhausting for Kirk and the beverage team, but they've done a great job of integrating that brand. And also the same with integrating ROCKSTAR in parts of the country that we didnt distribute the brand in the past. So that is, I would say, by the end of July, that will be almost complete and then were ready to go. From the customer relationship point of view, I think the customers see us as a very good partner that can bring insight, that can bring activation to the brands, that can bring better store execution, a lot of drivers that we know -- we can deliver and will drive growth for the category. So I would say the reception from our retail partners has been very positive and early signals of it is that theyre -- we're getting support and that were executing with good quality. And it -- the fact that we have now a full portfolio that has Bang, ROCKSTAR and some of the Mountain Dew brands as energy offer, it is a positive development for us versus having smaller brands. So we're seeing positive signals. And as we said last call in April, this is very strategic for us. We continue to focus on the three components of the strategy, driving revitalizing ROCKSTAR, and you will see some news coming out of ROCKSTAR soon, both on the advertising front and the packaging front, reformulation, integrating Bang into our business and there's distribution opportunities and velocity opportunities in some parts of the country. And then moving Dew with more intentionality into spaces of energy that are not well covered we think today, and that we can do a better job. Obviously, we continue to be very focused on Starbucks. Starbucks is a critical part of our energy strategy and Tripleshot, Doubleshot are -- is booming and even more now with people at home. So we're seeing all of those components working for us in the future. We're very optimistic about this part of the business and certainly there's a lot of energy in our teams to get it done. And the team is doing a fantastic job by the way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. So wondering if you could talk a little bit about how your dialogue with retailers has evolved from March through June, July, how that -- how that's changed? Maybe also touch on the various things that you were doing to help retailers get through this and where things are in terms of shelf sets. A lot of the -- or most of the spring resets never really happened, when do you expect that to happen and how you look positioned for those? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Right. Good question, Robert. Listen, in our principles, and as we started the pandemic, taking care of our associates was priority number one, and taking care of our customers was priority number two, similar to number one. So I think that was the focus of the company trying to even elevate even more the partnership with our -- with all our customers across any country around the world. So that is a focus of the teams. I think we've been agile, weve been closer to the -- to our partners. We've been transparent with our supply chain challenges in some cases. But I would say in general, we're getting very positive comments from our partners on how we are talking to them, helping them to stay in stock and on time, driving business for both and evolving for the future of demand especially around the space of e-commerce that I mentioned earlier, that it's clearly growing at a very fast pace, faster than we had all forecasted about half a year ago. So that's the dynamic. We've made some choices in our supply chain to -- we've reduced some of the tail of our portfolio. Weve discussed that with our partners, retail partners and we both agreed that it's probably the best thing to do to eliminate the less -- let's say, the smaller SKUs in the portfolio to maximize the best selling SKUs and be in stock. As I said earlier, our DSD system, I think is a fundamental advantage in the way we're able to service our customers. And I think they appreciate that we've made the effort adjusting delivery schedules and increasing delivery schedules to make sure that we keep our brands in stock and we help obviously our partners. So that is the level of the commitment we have with our partners. And I think the dialogue is in a very good space and I think this situation will give us a strategic relationship with our partners that I think we had in the past, but it's probably at a higher level today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Yes, great. Thanks. So I know you've sped up your R&D processes considerably over the course of time. But as we think about today's consumer behavior relative to just a few months ago, and the difficulty of predicting where we'll be in the quarters ahead, how is that impacting, how your teams are thinking about new plans and product introductions, even looking out to 2021? Because I think those plans might differ in a world where we're at home versus in a world where we're on the move. And I guess, is there a way to think about that, or is it that your cycle times on new products at this point are such that you feel like you can keep pace with the change that we're all going through right now?
Ramon Laguarta: Listen, I think we have improved a lot, as you mentioned. We have segmented our innovation processes in different quick cycle innovations, more lift and shift, more strategic innovation that takes longer. So, we have a good segmentation of processes across the company and ways of investing and dealing with innovation through different stage, case, approvals and everything related to the size and the velocity that we want from each type of innovation. Yes, the truth is that we're never satisfied enough, right? I mean, so the sense of urgency in anything we do is going up and I think we have improving innovation and we want to improve even more. So from that point of view, we'll continue to make the adjustments to some of the process required. In terms of what you're saying, are consumers changing meaningfully some of their needs, and are we adopting quickly enough? I would say there are a few spaces where we're trying to move quickly. Immunity being one, and we're seeing that our consumers are looking for immunity more, our juice business is booming and we think that -- we can come up with other beverages and even snacks that go against that need. Our snacks, business are being part of meals. We're seeing that more and more. Consumers are cooking more at home and that means that obviously brands like Quaker or some of our Quaker portfolio is being incorporated into meals. But also some of our snacks, like Tostitos, obviously Sabra, and some other brands are being used for meals, right? A Lay's or Ruffles. We are going to obviously move our advertising and our consumer support in terms of giving them recipes and helping them with solutions that, kind of go incentivize that habit. So, there's a marketing element to this. There's also an innovation element to these in terms of packaging or other solutions that we can help consumers moving to that space. So, yes, we're moving quickly. We are never satisfied with our speed of our capabilities. And if you hear the conversations with our internal teams, speed is a key word and we're trying to get better at that. We're trying to be the -- as close as we can to start up with a scale of a large company. So that is one of our aspirations. And I think it's going to be a long journey of improvements, but we're in the right direction.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sean King of UBS.
Sean King: Hey, good morning. Hugh, you mentioned a $3 billion in the full year e-com, or roughly -- probably 5% of sales, I guess, that doubled in North America in the quarter. How much of that is transitory due to the stay-at-home dynamics, or can some of that continue?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Hey, Sean, happy to get in on that one. A couple of things. One, just to be clear that $3 billion number is a retail sales number. It's not a net revenue number for PepsiCo, so you've got to discount it for that. Number two, that is the great question. Not clear at this point. I think a lot of that will be dependent on how much consumers or shoppers find that the experiences is very good for them. Out of stocks, obviously, it's -- is always going to be a big question for them, because if you get a lot of out of stocks, you have to go to the store anyway, which sort of defeats the purpose. And then the other one is to the degree that they're paying any kind of an up charge is, is it worth the money? So, don't have a real good projection on that right now. We're prepared for it to stay large and we can manage that well, if need be the case, both from a -- an execution perspective, as well as from a financial perspective, but not clear at this point,
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ramon Laguarta for any closing remarks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you everyone for joining us today. It's great to hear from everybody. And for the confidence you've placed in us with your investments. We hope you'll stay safe and healthy. And we look forward to updating you as the year progresses. Thank you again, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's second quarter earnings question-and-answer session. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until it is your turn to ask a question. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you operator. I hope everyone has had the chance this morning to read our press release and listen to our prepared comments, both of which are available on our website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We may make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our business plans and 2020 guidance and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, gentlemen, hope you're well in this environment. So Ramon I just wanted to touch on the market share opportunity in snacks and beverages going forward. It sounded like the momentum was pretty strong through February pre-COVID and in the COVID environment. But I was hoping you could discuss if there's opportunity for improved share structurally longer term as you look coming out of the COVID crisis. Theoretically in snacks there's a shift to larger trusted brands, which is in your wheelhouse and you've got the DSD distribution advantage. So from a retailer and consumer standpoint there could potentially be a shift there. And then in beverages, theoretically less exposure to the away-from-home channel than some of your competitors should enable you to invest behind the business. So just, sort of, curious if you could run through how you're positioning yourselves for market share advantages coming out of this COVID crisis and if you think there could be some structural improvement longer term beyond what you've already seen over the last year or so.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, good morning, Dara. Yeah, it's a good question. Obviously in a moment when it's hard to predict where the category will go right in the coming months then share of market becomes clearly the number one priority for the organization. And as you were saying the investments we made in the business last year both in our structural capabilities but also the strength of our brands and in particular markets gave us a lot of momentum. And as you saw in Q1, it was our fastest growing quarter in a long time even if you deduct the last couple of weeks where we had a positive impact from the stockpiling in the U.S. So you would -- even though -- if you were to ask our people on the ground share of market is the key variable. We see ourselves as you were saying, it's a moment where large brands that people trust, strong supply chains and go-to-markets like we have. Very importantly the talented people that we have in the marketplace, experienced and very talented I think superior teams probably in the marketplace should give us an edge in terms of competing in these few months ahead of us where there's going to be a lot of volatility and being agile and strong. I think it's going to be a very positive opportunity for ourselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. And maybe just a follow-up on Dara's question. As I was listening to the recorded message, I guess what I took away from it was there is going to be still some investment in SG&A this year some of it in response to the environment, some of it maybe be opportunistic in terms of market share gains. So I guess is that a correct characterization of it as we're thinking about as the year unfolds and the pressure points or the stresses in the P&L? You're looking to spend in SG&A this year because you want the business to exit stronger and also there's going to be some investments to adapt to the environment?
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, Bryan. Good morning. Yes. Of course, I mean, we were in an investment position, and we were very selective, obviously, where we're putting the investments and trying to look for the highest ROI investments everywhere around the world in the different categories. We're not planning to change that position even we might have opportunities ahead of us that tell us that probably the best decision would be to even double down on some of those market opportunities where we can take maybe a short-term advantage now, which will be structural gains for long term. On the other hand, we're looking at all our discretionary costs with a lot of intensity. And as we said in the note, we're looking holistically and very intentionally at unnecessary costs in our P&L at this point both, obviously, to things that are unnecessary, we're going to stop them, but also to have the flexibility to reallocate into areas of the business where we see acceleration. For example, we're seeing, obviously, as you're hearing from everybody else e-commerce being a high-growth channel at this point. So we're reallocating resources from other parts of the P&L into e-commerce and capturing consumers in that particular channel, and then obviously, we'll be -- keep investing to retain those consumers as they probably stay in the e-commerce. There are some brands that are benefiting from this more consumption at home like Quaker. Well, I think we want to invest in some of those brands that are getting consumer tailwinds now because we want to retain those consumers with the brands as we exit the crisis situation. So, yes, our mentality was -- going into the crisis was a mentality of attack. I think we continue to be on the attack, same mentality, obviously put in some strong criteria of ROI to those investments and being very, very kind of tough with every single line of our P&L to make sure that whatever is unnecessary is not there anymore.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Good morning. I have few questions for you guys on energy drinks. You're certainly stepping up your game here with the announcement you made this morning to distribute Bang. So hoping you could give us a little more color on how you're going to manage the energy category with the different brands. Now you've got Rockstar and now distributing Bang and eventually Mountain Dew. So curious to hear how you're going to prioritize these different brands and how you see the different positioning of them. And then could you guys give us a sense as to how you're going to hit the ground running now that the Rockstar deal is closed? I'm just curious if your plans have changed given everything going on with COVID also as it relates to Mountain Dew. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning. Yes, let me give you a -- I mean, this is consistent with what we have been saying in the past that we see the energy need state as a very large need state that will stay for many years. I think consumers will need energy during the day in developing markets, developed markets all over the world and that we're going after that consumer occasion with multiple vectors. We're playing with the coffee category, and we continue to think that the coffee category is a great opportunity to capture a lot of occasions there. So with our partnership with Starbucks and some of the innovation we had there, we've been very successful to play in energy need state. Obviously, we have our own innovation with GameFuel and some other innovations we had in the past. The Rockstar deal gives us the opportunity to play with more of these spaces in -- that energy provides. So yes, we'll have the Rockstar portfolio, which I think has been underinvested in the past. So now there are more incentives for our people to drive that business, and we're going to invest in Rockstar. So that's going to be a good segment for us. Obviously, Bang has been a beautiful addition to our portfolio in terms of a differentiated brand that has a lot of momentum in the US in particular channels. A lot of opportunities still in terms of additional distribution and some channels that are not available. So I think our distribution muscle will give Bang an additional push, and there's clearly a lot of consumer positive reception to that brand, so we'll benefit from that. And then as we said in the past, we have a brand in our portfolio, Mountain Dew, that I think has a lot of opportunities in that space as well, and it's kind of natural for Mountain Dew to play in the energy boost category. So you will see some more innovation of our Mountain Dew brand to play more intentionally in that space. And that's how we think about the multiple tools that we can use to play into what is a huge need state. And I think we'll continue with people moving to mega cities and people having very hectic lifestyles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Hi, good morning, everyone. Ramon I was hoping you can talk about go-to-market and I'm thinking more on the Gatorade side. I mean clearly having availability in a time like this has been critical. And so when you think about warehouse versus DSD of Gatorade between the channels small format, large format and some of the tests that you're running in the Midwest, then I was hoping you could just kind of opine on how you think this should evolve in the future given that this could potentially happen again at some point in the future?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, that's a great question. I think probably the difficult logistic situation that we've seen in the marketplace in the last few weeks in the U.S. but across the world has probably brought more light to the opportunity that we have in finding better ways to move our Gatorade products into the stores. And although, we have been with great collaboration with all our customers and our partners to find solutions to get that brand quickly into the store because there is a lot of demand for it we've seen some bottlenecks. So as you say we're considering multiple options. Obviously the final decision is always a combination of top line growth and additional cost and complexity to the organization. So it's a complex decision given the size of the brand and the complexities from the logistics point of view. It's a very seasonal brand that has a lot of volume between say May to September, right? So it's a huge spike to our logistics system. So it is a big strategic decision. It's one that we're as you say we're testing different options. We're giving it a lot of thinking time. And the decision will be made together with our partners in the retail space and obviously internally looking at all the different variables. It's a potentially big outlook for Gatorade but also a difficult decision from many points of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my question. I hope all is well with all of you. So I was hoping if you can talk about the strength in at-home consumption. So I'm assuming your shipping is still below your demand and you are not worried about any stock destocking in the second quarter. So I was just thinking in your outlook of the low single-digit decline for the second quarter. Are you just assuming as we cycle through the immediate consumption channels, they're still going to be very much impaired through most of the second quarter? And if you can give us an idea what happened in some of the places where the restrictions were lifted. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Andrea, good morning. Listen we're seeing a lot of uncertainties on how the economies will go back to normal, right? And we have  obviously, as you can imagine, we have multiple scenarios in what could happen. There are a lot of scenarios that say that it's not going to be so linear as you  well you're saying that economies will go back to opening right away and that's going to be it, right? I think there might be some scenarios where there will be ups and downs in the way the virus spreads and there will be some particular local areas that could be more exposed in particular moments of time and so on. It might require some additional lockdown decisions or other sort of decisions by the government. So our  the fact that we're saying that we see uncertainties on geography channels and categories is because we're  many of our scenarios done are not as linear as you're saying. You're right in pointing out that most of the impact in our categories, especially beverages is related to lack of mobility of people and then there are particular channels that are very linked to mobility and transportation and obviously, some of the out-of-home food. Obviously, if consumers are moving around, there will be more consumption, especially in convenience and gas channel and a bit more on workplaces where we have a good business as well. So that should improve assuming that the consumer will stay  will be able to continue to move around for the foreseeable months. Now  but the reason why we're seeing more uncertainty is because we don't think it's going to be a straight line once people go back to moving around. It's going to be a restricted mobility I think and with potential second waves in some particular markets. That's why we're staying cautious and we prefer to have that kind of flexibility in our guidance at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Everybody, good morning. Can you talk a bit more about the Bang deal? It obviously makes sense and congratulations on becoming a lot more meaningful in the energy space in what seems like a fairly short period of time. But maybe just some more specifics. It looks like it's a distribution deal and historically distribution deals have favored the founder or supplier a bit more than they favored the distributor. Is there a path to ownership? I think, there's been some deals in the past where a lack of a path to ownership has been detrimental. And maybe just some other basics as in time horizon how long is this deal. Is it perpetual? Things like that. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, you want to give it your perspective?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Yes, happy, to do that Ramon. Good morning, Kaumil. A couple of things on it. Obviously, we're not going to disclose all of the details of the deal. The way I'd characterize it is, I think, it presents great upside for the Bang people. It gives them broader and deeper distribution than what they've had to date. It also -- it represents a nice win for us and it really helps us fill out the energy portfolio as we move to a more assertive posture on this category. In terms of any forward deals or sort of M&A contemplated, none of that is in there. So we expect this to sustain for a good period of time. And the last comment I'd make is, unlike the Rockstar deal, we really don't have meaningful restrictions in terms of the way that we manage our portfolio. So we certainly feel, as we take a more assertive posture, we have the freedom to operate in the energy space a great deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Lauren Lieberman: In the prepared remarks, you guys have talked about developing in emerging markets, feeling pressure and that that was sort of thing you were thinking about, discretionary coming under pressure and how the macroeconomic could hurt categories. So I just wanted to get a little bit more on that your thoughts around, because I think category development of packaged snacks is a big part of the kind of long-term plan in international markets and the investments that you've been making, particularly, to promote and support some of your bigger brands, make them a bigger global footprint. So I know it's still pretty early days in all of this, but if you could just talk about D&E market development for snacks as you think about how this crisis unfolds.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, yes. Hi, Lauren. And just a bit of -- as you say, it's still very early, right, in -- if you think about Latin America or Middle East, Africa. Eastern Europe has been in the crisis for a bit longer parts of Asia. What we're seeing in short term is two-fold. One is, there's a good part of the universe of outlets that we service that are shut down or partially shut down during the lockdown. And that impacts a numerical distribution, but also the initial channel sell-in and that impacts our sales. Then the -- if you think about the consumer occasions in those markets, developing markets, there's a lot of on-the-go occasions in those markets, especially -- it tends to be a younger population that buys our products, snacks especially. And a lot of the occasion had to do with moving around or either from school to home or hanging out with friends on the streets. I mean, those kind of occasions are big. And those are somehow limited, right, in the current realities. So that is being impacted. Structurally we don't see any challenge to date, right? What we see is actually probably the opposite. I think, we have, as I was saying at the beginning, very strong supply chains in most of these markets and the brands are quite established. And we're very good at managing the affordability levels in those markets. So where price points or pack price is very important, we have a lot of flexibility in our snack business to adapt the price points in the packs to whatever the currency impacts are in the cost and the price points. So I think there is a lot of know-how. I think we see this as an opportunity for us to even go deeper in our distribution eventually and to double down to accelerate share of market in those -- in a lot of the geographies where we participate. So we see some short-term impact because of the distribution challenges that I told you at the beginning. As soon as the retailers are back to business and we see that happening in many markets after a couple of weeks, obviously, they cannot be opened from the family income point of view, they go back to opening their stores and then life goes back to normal. So we think that this could be actually a boost to our acceleration of the per cap development, our market share presence in a lot of the international markets. The relative size of our business versus competitors tends to be quite large in a lot of our snack businesses globally and we see that as an opportunity today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Guys, at a time when a lot of companies are suspending or cutting their dividend, cutting or stopping share buybacks you guys have basically committed to your initial guidance on those $2 billion of share buybacks, which is just a tremendous financial strength. My question is, is given how the world has changed, how you're thinking about capital allocation now and priorities. Does opportunistic M&A make more sense? How are you weighing all these things in terms of priority also including perhaps even stepping up marketing which was increased a lot last year? And in Q4 you said, it may or may not be increased ahead of sales this year. That was something you were considering, so, just kind of big picture how you're reevaluating capital allocation. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh, do you want to take that one?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to. Rob, a lot of ways there really isn't much change in the way that we think about capital allocation relative to what we've talked about in the past. You're right we do have terrific financial strength. We've actually been in the debt markets both short term and long term and are able to get money at extended maturities at quite attractive rates. So we do have the financial flexibility to continue with the share repurchase as well as obviously pay the dividend. In terms of the capital allocation priorities, it's really number one invest in the business and we'll do that as we see opportunity to do that. Number two, we'll pay the dividend. Number three, we'll continue to look at M&A, but as always we're very selective in the past and as in very selective as in the past and for the number of things that we look at we execute against very, very few. And then last share repurchase, so no real change in that regard. And thankfully, because of the way that we've put together the balance sheet, and because of the strength of the cash flows of the company, we're in a position to continue to execute cash return to shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the question. I was hoping to dive a little bit deeper on your commentary around increased at-home per capital consumption during your prepared remarks around consumers eating more breakfast and snacking more at home. That seems to be apparent in the Nielsen data that's come out today, where salty snacks continues to grow though it did decelerate. But I think, it does kind of raise the bigger question that it seems like some categories are seeing a pantry load and a de-load like with sports drinks down in the current four-week period and some still stronger. So as you're thinking about the second quarter, which categories do you think can sustain higher levels of per capita consumption in the at-home occasion? And where do you expect to see some pantry destocking? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good. Yeah, let me try that. We're seeing, yeah, as you're saying both obviously our Quaker range increasing penetration massively. So the number of families that have bought Quaker in the last six weeks has gone up a lot. And we're seeing obviously, I mean there's one clear reason, right? People are cooking at home and therefore they're using the product more. And we're seeing the cycle of repurchase also good. So I don't think there's much stocking in the house as long as people continue to have breakfast or continue to cook at home. And we're emphasizing in our marketing not only the breakfast opportunity, but also the cooking and the recipes where our oats can be part of that cooking opportunity. And this is here in the U.S., but it's also in Latin America where we've moved 100% to recipes on oats and some of our Quaker products. The good news for us is, we've made a lot of positive changes to Quaker products, right? We reduced sugar. We reduced artificials. We improved the formulas. I think we have better-tasting products as well. So hopefully, this is an opportunity for the consumers to reassess the brand and to give it a structural boost. So we're dedicating our market investments to that particular trial and repurchase of the Quaker range of product, which I think are extremely good and great tasting. Then, when you see the snack product, obviously, I mean there's many more occasions in the family now with the kids at home, and with  we're all taking breaks during the day between our busy days and then occasions watching TV together as a family or whatever. So, there are a lot of occasions at home now that they were not there six or seven weeks ago. So we're also emphasizing the  in our advertising the opportunities that the snacks category give consumers to have moments of enjoyment during this confinement. We're seeing our multipacks, our variety packs increasing massively. We're seeing our Tostitos brand, our dips going up a lot. I mean, obviously, every single brand, but those are where we're seeing the highest growth. And the beauty to your point on stocking, the beauty of our snacks is that, it can only last for a certain period of time and they have expiry dates. So consumers will eat them. They will not stock them forever. So we see the cycles of repurchase also very clear on the snack business and those are products that people buy put in their pantry and they get consumed by the whole family.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey good morning guys. Hope you're well. Ramon looking out over the horizon and I guess building on some of the comments you made in response to Andrea's question. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit further on your early thoughts around an exit strategy from current lockdown conditions specifically in North America and Western Europe, maybe building on any lessons learned from China and commenting on whether that strategy and its timing is likely to vary at all snacks versus beverages in your view. And I guess, I'd also love any thoughts you have as -- or expectations around how your approach and the timing may differ across markets whether based on consumer -- customer mentalities, your competitive standing or just governmental policy. Just what does the exit strategy look like?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. No I was -- my point was more about the fact that will it be very linear or not. And I think as we're obviously looking at all the different scenarios and as we imagine managing the company now is -- there's a lot of scenario planning and a lot of options and staying super agile. That's kind of the way, we're empowering the front line being super agile and just playing scenarios. I mean that's the way we're managing the company today. So in our scenario planning, I mean the chances of every country opening up and every state opening up and not having second waves, I think are low. right? I mean you've seen the virus. The virus is still around. We don't have treatments and we don't have vaccines. So until we have good treatments and good vaccine, we should be very cautious, right? And therefore it's going to be down to a lot of -- billion of people, individual behaviors whether we get contaminated or not. So that's what I meant, right, when I said we need to be careful that we don't project straight lines, the moment the state opens we're all free and that business will come back. I think there's going to be a lot of iterations. Our approach to this is, I would say extremely aggressive on the commercial side in the sense that we want to be the first knocking at the door or every single store that opens with our mechanics and our salesmen trying to fix the equipment and refill the coolers and putting our racks in the first position and making sure that every consumer that walks into that store buys our products. So that's -- from the commercial mentality that's how we're approaching this opportunity of restarting a lot of points of sale. From the safety of our employees, obviously we're being extremely cautious and want to make sure that our people are extremely well protected and that are -- we care for them in a way that is better than anybody else. So, those are the tensions in the business: on the one hand protecting our people 100%; on the other hand being the most aggressive commercially, so that when a store opens in any state in any country around the world, we're the first company that knocks on the door to place our equipment. And that's the balance that we're trying to be the best at. And that's why I was referring earlier at the beginning that having very good people on the ground extremely talented very experienced with a lot of -- having been through a lot of ups and downs in the marketplace, gives me a lot of confidence that we can deliver in an advantage way. And that's how we're thinking about all this complexity ahead of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey good morning Ramon and Hugh, innovative format to read your results this morning. I like that. I have a follow-up question on energy actually. On Bang how much will you be able to distribute immediately? And how fast are you planning to exit from existing distribution agreements? And then clearly upside in energy is primarily affecting the U.S., could you help us understand how internationally -- international could benefit from the Rockstar acquisition as in some countries like in the U.K., I mean the current distributor has been communicating that there was no change to its distribution agreement. And also why Bang distribution did it just for the U.S.? So what's the plan basically for international in energy?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Hey, Laurent, good morning. Listen, I won't give you a lot of details on the details of the movement from the existing distribution network of Bang to our network. But it will be progressive. It will start in some channels as early as, early May. And I would assume that by the beginning of Q4, it should pretty much be in our tracks. I mean that's how we're thinking about it. There will be exceptions but that should be -- that's our ongoing assumptions. Internationally, we have very strong energy businesses in many countries with our own brands Sting or Ad Rush in Russia and all of Eastern Europe. Pretty strong brands. Now, the Rockstar brand and formulations give us another tool to penetrate that market. It's going to be elevated as one of the priorities of the company internationally in our beverage business. And obviously, we will be applying the framework that we applied to any opportunity in our beverage market which is stronghold, battleground, or challenge your markets and make sure that we segment the way we operate our priorities commercially in those markets based on that framework. So, we'll do the same with Rockstar. But you should -- obviously, long-term you'll see more markets carrying our Rockstar brands internationally and being a bit more of an active player in the energy category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean King of UBS.
Sean King: Thanks for the question. Mountain Dew I guess returned to growth. Is this the sustainable inflection we were looking for or is there an aspect of the pre-COVID pantry loading to help drive that?
Ramon Laguarta: Listen we've been investing a lot in Mountain Dew. And obviously, there's a return on that investment, right? The growth in Q1 there's been a very good innovation for us that has been Zero Mountain Dew and that seems to be getting a lot of good reception by consumers. And we knew that we were losing some segment of consumers to other non-sugar brands. So, the fact of having a zero proposition in Mountain Dew I think it's getting some of those consumers back into the franchise. Our marketing is also obviously helping us to get consumers into higher frequency levels. I think the fact that we now have more freedom to innovate in Mountain Dew and be a bit more intentional about energy would also give us another vector of opportunity for Mountain Dew. So, I wouldn't say that we're 100% out of the woods in Mountain Dew, but I see a lot of bright spots in how the brand is performing in particular channels. It is now impacted a little bit more than others in convenience stores. I mean that brand has particular higher penetration in impulse channel and convenience stores. So, the fact that convenience stores are down in traffic and obviously, given the current transportation limitations that impacts Mountain Dew a bit more than other brands. But obviously as soon as people are driving around and moving around, we'll see that brand coming back and we'll be ready with our commercial programs when that circumstance occur.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick question on kind of commodity outlook and any changes you're doing or thinking about in terms of near or long-term hedges and how we should look at it in terms of is it largely -- the benefit largely offset by currency in terms of kind of your outlook. I realize you're not giving guidance, but just kind of how we should think about it. Or is there more we just have yet to see as it kind of flows through the supply chain over the next two three quarters? So, any color there would be great.
Ramon Laguarta: Hugh do you want to take that please?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Yes, I've got it. Hey Bill. As you know we've been sort of systematically buying for a number of years now. We tend to be six to 18 months out. Right now we expect low single-digit commodity inflation both for Q2 and for the balance of the year and that includes transaction FX. At this point, we're about 80% covered on market-traded commodities and about two-thirds over the entire basket. We haven't made any huge material changes. We did go a little bit longer on oil as the market went so far down as to be in in a lot of cases below the cost of production. But other than that, I would expect us to continue to run our systematic forward-buying program because it has set us up well for predictability in cost as well as predictability in pricing in the marketplace. So, I think that strategy continues to serve us well.
Ramon Laguarta: Very good. So, thank you all for joining us today and for the confidence that you've placed in us with your investments. We hope that you all stay safe and healthy and we look forward to updating you on -- as the year progresses on our performance. Thank you very much. Stay safe please.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's first quarter 2020 earnings Q&A session. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Im joined this morning by PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCos Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. Well begin with some brief prepared comments from Ramon and Hugh, and then open up the call to your questions. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We will make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our business plans and 2020 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and reflect our view as of today, and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-K available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. And finally, as disclosed in our earnings release this morning, we are now reporting four international divisions versus three previously. This reflects changes made to our management reporting structure. Therefore, certain international division results have been restated for the full years 2017, 2018 and 2019. Specifically, our former Europe Sub-Saharan Africa division has been reclassified as Europe and will no longer include Sub-Saharan Africa. And our former Asia, Middle East, North Africa division has been reclassified into two divisions: Africa, Middle East, South Asia, or AMESA; and Asia Pacific, Australia, New Zealand, China, or APAC. There are no changes to the remaining divisions or our consolidated results. And now its my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Ravi, and good morning, everybody. Approximately about a year ago, we embarked on a plan to make PepsiCo Faster, Stronger and Better. Weve made very good progress against these initiatives, and Im pleased to report that we met or exceeded each of the full year financial targets that we communicated to you about a year ago. Most notably, organic revenue growth accelerated to 4.5% in 2019, our fastest rate of growth since 2015. Our organic revenue growth was very broad-based across all divisions, with Frito-Lay delivering its fastest rate of growth since 2013 and PBNA delivered its fastest rate of growth since 2015. Our developing and emerging markets also delivered high single-digit growth despite ongoing volatility and uncertainty in certain parts of the world. We invested in becoming Faster by increasing our global advertising and marketing spending by more than 12% for the full year, reflecting investment across snacks and beverages, and in both our large and established brands and our emerging brands; expanding our market presence by increasing route capacity, adding merchandising racks and coolers and advancing the technologies that we deploy to drive greater and more precise execution; and investing in additional manufacturing capacity to remove bottlenecks and increase growth capacity for our products. This includes investments in new plants, new lines and added distribution infrastructure. Whilst we intend to continue to invest back into our business, we know that sustaining higher growth would require building stronger capabilities, ones which will be difficult to match by our competitors. During 2019, we enhanced our consumer and customer-facing capabilities, strengthened our organizational culture and transformed our cost management. Specifically, we invested in data analytics and other information technology to build consumer intimacy and achieve precision at scale. By capturing and analyzing more granular consumer-level data, we can understand the consumer in a more individualized way to both customize communication and executing in every store with precisely the right products placed in the right location and at the right price. We strengthened our omnichannel capabilities, particularly in e-commerce, but our retail sales were nearly $2 billion in 2019. To meet the growing need across channels for greater customization and faster innovation, were investing in an end-to-end agile value chain that can deliver more precision and variety to enable us to win in the marketplace. We migrated our organizational structure closer to the market in order to improve speed, increase accountability and become more locally focused. And we evolved our way  our values and ways of working to foster a culture where employees act like owners with a greater sense of empowerment and accountability. We call this The PepsiCo Way, which includes a set of seven leadership behaviors that have been rapidly embraced by our organization. And we took a completely holistic approach to cost management, one in which we manage all costs as an investment. In doing so, we challenged the entire cost structure to evaluate cost and benefit of our spending. In 2019, we delivered in excess of $1 billion in productivity savings and plan to deliver this amount annually through 2023. Finally, becoming Better reflects our aspiration to continually integrate purpose into our business strategy and brands as more is expected of corporations by society. We prioritized and embraced a set of focused initiatives to help build a more sustainable food system. These include advancing benefits to farmers and communities through more sustainable agriculture. We intend to achieve 100% sustainably farmer-sourced agricultural raw materials by the end of 2020, which include potatoes, whole corn, oats and oranges. Improving water stewardship. Were striving to improve water use sufficiency and aiming to replenish 100% of the water we consume for manufacturing in high water risk areas by 2025. Circular packaging. By 2025, we intend to increase recycled content in our plastics packaging to 25% and reduce 35% of virgin plastic content across all our beverage portfolio. Improving choices across our portfolio by reducing added sugars, sodium and saturated fats. Mitigating the impact of climate change by reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions across PepsiCos value chain by 20% by 2030. And finally, advancing respect for human rights, promoting a diverse and inclusive workplace and increase the earnings potential  earnings potential of women to drive economic growth and increased food security. Our commitment to becoming Better was most notably demonstrated by appointing our first-ever Chief Sustainability Officer and by a green bond offering that generated almost $1 billion in net proceeds to advance our sustainability agenda. To complement our Faster, Stronger and Better initiatives, we also made investments to fortify our portfolio for future growth. Specifically, we invested in our SodaStream business, which grew net revenue more than 20% last year in order to capture an incremental growth opportunity. We announced our intent to acquire BFY Brands, the makers of the fast-growing PopCorners brand, which will enhance our premium snack portfolio. Were in the process of acquiring Pioneer Foods, which will build the foundation for future growth and scale in Africa, a key emerging market where our growth opportunities remain vast. And we acquired CytoSport, the makers of Muscle Milk, which expands our presence in sports nutrition, providing opportunities for additional growth and category expansion. As we aspire to be the global leader in convenient foods and beverages by winning with purpose, we believe these investments position us well to win in the marketplace. Now let me discuss our operating results. As I noted earlier, our organic revenue growth accelerated to 4.5% for the full year 2019 versus 3.7% in 2018, exceeding the initial target we set a year ago. All our divisions contributed to this growth, including a 3% increase in developed markets and an 8% increase in developing and emerging markets. Frito-Lay North America had a very strong year with a 4.5% increase in organic revenue, along with an acceleration of volume growth in the second half of the year. The business gained value share in both salty and savory snacks in 2019 and improved its customer service levels. Fritos results were driven by the investments we made in innovation, marketing and consumer insights, supply chain and manufacturing and go-to-market capacity. This included a double-digit increase in advertising and marketing spend, additional plant, warehouse and distribution center capacity, and additional routes, racks and selling resources. Frito delivered net revenue growth in all of its large mainstream brands like Lays, Doritos, Tostitos, Cheetos, Ruffles and Fritos and double-digit growth in emerging premium brands such as Bare and Off the Eaten Path. Our multipack offerings also delivered very good growth as we have continuously expanded the variety of brand and flavor combinations. The breadth of our growth was also evident across every key retail channel. We increased net revenue growth in grocery, mass, club, convenience, foodservice and e-commerce. And Frito-Lay was once again the number one contributor to U.S. food and beverage retail sales growth in 2019. With respect to the fourth quarter, Frito delivered 3% organic revenue growth, driven by 2% volume growth and 1% net price realization. The deceleration in net price realization. The deceleration in net price realization was largely a function of the timing of pricing actions taken in 2018. We expect our net price realization trends to improve over the coming months and have strong innovation and merchandising plans in place for the business to deliver very good growth in 2020. PepsiCo Beverages North America delivered 3% organic revenue growth in 2019 with a sequential acceleration in the fourth quarter, which represented its fastest rate of organic revenue growth in four years. The business benefited from improved local market focus and execution driven by our new field structure, increased go-to-market capacity, significantly stepped up advertising support, innovation and additional selling resources. We also invested in improving our presence in the away-from-home channel by becoming the preferred beverage partner for JetBlue, Carnival Cruise Lines and Regal Cinemas for the past year. Investing in our brands has been a big focus area for PBNAs advertising and marketing spend, increasing in a double-digit range for both the fourth quarter and full year with increases in our large brands, such as Pepsi, Gatorade and Mountain Dew. Trademark Pepsi posted its sixth consecutive quarter of net revenue growth with strong double-digit growth in our Pepsi Zero Sugar product. Gatorade accelerated as the year progressed and ended the year on a very strong note with high single-digit growth in the fourth quarter, led by Gatorade Zero, which delivered more than $600 million in measured retail sales in 2019. Innovation played a very important role at PBNA this year with Gatorade Zero, bubly and Mountain Dew Game Fuel having cumulatively delivered more than $1 billion in measured retail sales. Other brands, including Propel and Lifewater delivered strong double-digit net revenue growth, while Pure Leaf and Starbucks delivered high single-digit growth in 2019. Finally, we have plans in place to build on our recent innovation successes. We will invest in BOLT24, a functional beverage we launched last year that supports athletes around the clock by providing advanced, all-day hydration. We recently introduced Zero Sugar variants of Mountain Dew and Mountain Dew Game Fuel, which offer the same bold taste as the originals without the sugar. And we will roll out Pepsi Cafe, a coffee-infused cola beverage that will be available for a limited-time offering in U.S. stores as of April. Rounding out our North America performance. Quaker Foods delivered 1% organic revenue growth for the full year, with double-digit net revenue growth in our light snacks business and Gamesa cookies and mid-single-digit growth at Aunt Jemima and Roni. I want to conclude our discussion on North America by acknowledging terrific work of our customer and supply chain teams have done. Specifically, PepsiCo was awarded the number one ranking in the 2019 Kantar PowerRanking survey, the fourth consecutive year weve claimed the top spot; and the top two rankings in 2019 U.S. Advantage survey core food multichannel report. These surveys reflect our customers' view of PepsiCo as a valued partner and demonstrate the benefits of investing with our customers to help drive growth. Now moving on to international markets. Each of our international divisions delivered strong organic revenue growth in 2019. These results include some performance across our developing and emerging markets, with high single-digit organic revenue growth for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We continue to have a long runway for growth in many international markets, and our results reflect the benefits of our increased investments as we continue to leverage our global capabilities to drive higher per capital consumption and improve market share, while executing in locally relevant ways. In Latin America, we grew organic revenue growth  we grew organic revenue 7% for the full year, with growth in both snacks and beverages despite ongoing macroeconomic volatility and political uncertainty in certain markets. Mexico, our largest market, delivered high single-digit growth for both the quarter and the full year. Our next largest market, Brazil, delivered mid-single-digit growth for the full year with an acceleration in the fourth quarter to high single-digit growth. In Europe, we grew organic revenue 5.5% for the full year, with very good growth both in snacks and beverages. Our largest market, Russia, delivered mid-single-digit growth for the fourth quarter and the full year. The United Kingdom delivered low single-digit growth for the full year. But very encouragingly, it exited the year with mid-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Other highlights include double-digit growth in Turkey and high single-digit growth in Poland for the full year. Moving to our Asia, Middle East and Africa regions. During the fourth quarter, we took the opportunity to think more strategically about this part of the world. We decided to split the organizational structure of our prior AMENA division into AMESA, which includes Africa, Middle East and Africa regions. During the fourth quarter, we took the opportunity to think more strategically about this part of the world. We decided to split the organizational structure of our prior AMENA division into AMESA, which includes Africa, Middle East and South Asia; and APAC, which includes Asia Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand and China. By creating one operating sector centered on the Asian consumer and another centered on the Middle Eastern, South Asian and African consumer, we believe we can enhance our focus on accelerating top line growth. AMESA delivered 6% organic revenue growth for the full year. This includes double-digit growth in Pakistan and Egypt and mid-single-digit growth in India and Saudi Arabia. APAC delivered 9% organic revenue growth for the full year, led by strong double-digit growth in China and Vietnam and high single-digit growth in Thailand and the Philippines. To conclude, our priorities for 2020 remain consistent with our discussions today. We expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth and 7% core constant currency earnings per share growth in 2020. And we will continue to invest back into the business to evolve our portfolio and transform our value chain; build next-generation capabilities, particularly leveraging technology to enhance our insights, speed and precision; grow our talent and simplify our organization to be more consumer and customer-centric; invest in our brands, both large and emerging; and reduce our cost structure to free up resources to fund our investments. These priorities will always be executed with an eye towards enhancing our marketplace competitiveness and delivering, of course, long-term value creation. With that, let me now turn the call over to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning everyone. As Ramon noted, for 2020, we expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth and 7% core constant currency earnings per share growth. We expect foreign exchange to have an approximately negative 1 percentage point impact on net revenue and core EPS growth and, therefore, expect our core U.S. dollar EPS to be $5.88 in 2020. For 2020, we also expect our core  annual core effective tax rate to be approximately 21%, free cash flow of approximately $6 billion, reflecting CapEx of approximately $5 billion. The higher rate of capital spending is associated with accelerating progress on our strategic growth priorities, as Ramon laid out earlier. We expect our capital spending to remain at or around these levels for the next few years and now expected to moderate to 5% of sales by 2023. We expect total cash returns to shareholders of approximately $7.5 billion in 2020, comprised of dividends of $5.5 billion and share repurchases of $2 billion. The expected cash returns reflect a 7% increase in the annualized dividend per share effective  with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2020. This will represent the companys 48th consecutive annual dividend per share increase. With respect to your models, please keep in mind the following: In the first quarter of 2020, we face a difficult comparison for both organic revenue and core constant currency operating profit growth at Frito-Lay North America and our international divisions. With that, now well open it up for your questions. Operator, well take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning everyone. So I guess, I just got a few questions this morning about Frito and the kind of the deceleration there this quarter, and I guess, whats implied in the first quarter commentary now. So maybe, Ramon, can you talk a little bit about the dynamics there, I guess, lapping some price increases? And then kind of what gives you confidence that, that can reaccelerate as we move through 2020?
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning Bryan. Yes, listen, we feel very good about Frito performance in 2019. So we accelerated the highest level, I think, in the last seven years, so overall, a very good year. Volume went up and volume across all our brands, the big brands and also the new brands that were trying to build for the future. So very positive performance and also, as I said, across all channels. So very, very holistic, very good performance, I would say. The deceleration in Q4, as I said on the statement, is based on the pricing decision in 2018. We took priced in Q4. This year, we didnt take any price in Q4. It will be more of a price decisions now in Q1, second half of the Q1. So thats the main difference. We feel good about it especially the volume acceleration. The fact that our pounds went up almost 1% this year versus last year, its a pretty positive to us testament that our investments are working in driving per capita consumption, which at the end is the long-term driver of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: A question actually on PBNA. As you think about the fourth quarter performance across that division and the acceleration you saw, I guess, which brands or businesses performed best versus your expectations in the quarter? And as you look forward to 2020, how do you think about the trajectory there, just balancing the current momentum against what will be difficult laps in Gatorade and bubly, especially theres lots of competition and the expansion on the shelf and in the cooler of an energy category in which youre still underrepresented? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thats a good question. Listen, we feel  I mean, if theres any division that we feel very strong about the turnaround this year, its PBNA, right? We feel good about the way were exiting the market and the year and also how weve driven that performance. So if you think about our innovation has been very, very strong across the year, and you mentioned, some of the successes. So Gatorade, clearly driving sustainable growth by innovating in a new space like Zero. Zero has driven a lot of new consumers into the sports category, and so its not like a summer-related growth of Gatorade. It is a, I would say, a structural, more penetration of the brand into consumers that were not consuming Gatorade. So we see that as sustainable. Actually, it accelerated during Q4. We see Pepsi, as I said, with sustainable growth. So that makes us feel good. Thats also driven by new variants like Zero, smaller packages that are driving consumption. So we see Pepsi as well driving sustainable growth. We continue to see very strong performance in our coffee business, and our partnership with Starbucks is as more robust than ever. I think the kind of innovation were bringing to the market and how were moving that category also into new premium spaces with innovation is very powerful. Very strong performance across the year, including Q4. The same with our tea categories. Pure Leaf continues to drive a lot of growth and develop the category. You mentioned bubly. I think bubly is just scratching the surface as a brand. Its still very underpenetrated. Its a brand that, I think, space-wise also has a lot of opportunities. So I think a lot of people dont even know about the brand or havent tried the brand. So I think its already a pretty meaningful-sized brand. So we feel very strong about the way were driving growth for PBNA. Its not short term or its really developing the different segments of the category where we participate, expanding those categories, bringing more consumers into this space. Theres another lever, I think, of sustainable growth for PBNA, which is driven by better execution. And this better execution, obviously, comes from more focus on execution. But I think the organizational change weve made to the business where we have decision-making closer to the consumer and to the market is making us a better execution company in PBNA. I think that is, again, its not a 1-year event. Its a multiyear opportunity that were going to get better with better tools and better focus. So we feel strong about where we finished. We feel strong about the drivers of that growth, not being one-off, but being very sustainable drivers of growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Just want to go back to FLNA for a second. I get the price increases in 2018. But even on a stacked basis, it looks like theres been some challenges. I think, as you can imagine, or youve probably seen almost all of us have written about FLNA and concerns about it. And I get, Ramon, that you said that youre going to see some price realization improving through 2020. But I wonder with all the consumer work that you guys do, if you see anything at all that gives you pause from a structural perspective. So are you seeing any changes driven by the consumers, in particular, on health and wellness that are accelerating? Or are you seeing anything from a competitive perspective as well? And were all going to be at CAGNY next week, and every food company is going to say theyre a snack company. And they like your margins, and they like your growth. So how does  are you seeing anything there at all? And how does that play into, if at all, what seems to be a little bit more, I guess, subdued guidance as a  of the company at the lower end of your long-term plan, especially after a heavy up year like you just had?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, good question. And I think obviously, were looking at long-term trends of the consumer and trying to adjust the portfolio to those trends. If you look at the way were driving the growth in 2019 and the way we think well drive the growth in the next year, its been across all brands. So weve seen the consumer continue to go back to our classics, Lays and Doritos and Cheetos and Tostitos. The truth is that were trying to improve the way we market those brands in a way we are personalizing the messages, the way were creating unique content for different types of consumers and the way we innovate against those large brands. At the same time, our kind of more permissible portfolio, our premium portfolio, that segment of our range is growing about two times the average of the company. So if you think about Off the Eaten Path, Bare, Simply, Smartfoods, I mean, all those brands that you would say they are probably preferred by some type of consumers that prefer more permissible snacks, they are growing two times. But the beauty of our Frito-Lay portfolio and the same would apply to our PBNA portfolio, is that were trying to grow both our classic brands, large brands that are well established, trying to modernize them, keep them very attractive to the consumers and then innovate into future spaces where the consumer might move at a different speed in different parts of the country as they decide to change their consumer habit. So were evolving the portfolio. Some of the acquisitions weve made also will help us in that respect. But were also  were innovating in those spaces ourselves. Off the Eaten Path is a great example. The Simply portfolio is a great example that is giving us very high penetration in those consumers that you referred to. What were seeing  and I think we talked about it last time, is there is a trend towards smaller packages. And that might be a way the consumer is also approaching snacking categories with portion control being a key driver of the occasion. So we see small packs. And the fact that were moving a lot of capacity into smaller packs, I think would continue to give us good growth in that space of more permissible snacking, either by portion control by new brands and products that are preferred by those consumers. We dont see a deceleration of the category. Thats why you mentioned theres a lot of new players that want to participate in this snacking trend, which I think is true and is going to be here for a long time. And that would make us feel very positive about Frito because there are a lot of tailwinds to the snacking category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So just following up on some of the questions. I was hoping you could review a bit your visibility around the 4% corporate organic sales growth top line target for 2020. Youre obviously coming off a solid year, so well have a tough comparison. Theres some global volatility. So just wanted to get your perspective on the level of visibility at the corporate level. And obviously, we just covered Frito-Lay North America and PBNA, but perhaps you could also review what drove the strong momentum in D&E markets in 2019 and sustainability as we look out to 2020? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Its Hugh. I would say we have a good level of visibility into the revenue guidance. You know historically, weve been pretty accurate on that, and I would expect that to continue to be the case. That said, as you sort of slightly noted, the world is certainly a volatile place, lots of events going on in a lot of areas of the world even as noted a bit with some of the news this morning. That said, we take the facts that we have and we always try to plan for at least some level of volatility as a part of developing our expectations for the year. Because history tells us most years, well have some volatility. So I think, generally speaking, we have good visibility. Regarding developing and emerging markets at 8%, thats really a continuation, I think, of what weve seen over a number of years. The per capita consumption opportunities in those markets are quite large. And I think were doing a very good job. But were also barely scratching the surface relative to what the ultimate opportunity could be. Its one of the reasons were investing in growth because we think by virtue of realizing those per cap opportunities and driving growth, well be able to sustain this algorithm for a very, very long period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning. Thank you. So I was just hoping that if you can elaborate more on the top line guidance being, as you said before, on the low end and then embed your comment about 12% growth in investment in A&P in 2019. How  do you think youll reach the normalized level now? And what is the growth in marketing investment that youre assuming for 2020 embedded in your guidance? And if you can kind of compare that with the $1 billion cost saves that you normally have? And if you can update us on that metric as well? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, good morning, Andrea. In terms of the guidance, actually, the guidance that were giving this year is exactly the same as we gave 12 months ago. So obviously, we saw a world where the investments that we were making paid off a little bit better than we expected. And as a result, we got results and growth that were higher than that. Regarding whether weve leveled off, I dont think youll see the same level of growth in advertising and marketing this year. It will still grow. It might even grow a little bit in excess of the rate of sales growth. To a great degree, its going to depend on the opportunities that we see in front of us. Weve certainly funded our advertising line well going into the year. But frankly, if we see innovation taking off or if we see an opportunity in the marketplace to accelerate investment in order to capture even more growth, were not going to be shy about doing that. And weve put room into the way that we guide to give us the ability to take advantage of those opportunities. As I mentioned, we think were in great categories. And we think right now, theres lots of opportunities to grow faster. So were going to continue to do that, and at the same time, were going to continue to invest in the stronger capabilities that allow us to sustain performance for a longer period of time.
Ramon Laguarta: And then, if I may add. The way were approaching in every market, the opportunity, I mean, for 2020, we have, I think, very strong plans, well funded both on customer and consumer ideas. Were investing in additional capacity across the world. So our purpose here is to gain market share in every market where we compete. Weve been doing that in the  in 2019. Well continue to do that in 2020. The compensation in the company is very geared to top line and market share growth. So thats the way were starting the year. Our guidance, as Hugh said, includes the possibility of events during the year that might surprise us on the negative front. But I think the guidance reflects that positive attitude towards market share and then some uncertainty room in the overall number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. I wanted to get maybe a little bit of an update on progress in expanding some of your  you put some classic brands in snacking internationally. As I understand it, Ramon, one of your key priorities or areas you thought there was sort of really untapped opportunity was getting distribution of Doritos and Cheetos and these classic brands into international and emerging markets. So if you could speak directly to whats been done this year, how much thats still really more of a 2020 plan, it would be really interesting. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Lauren, good morning. We have a good playbook on  especially in the snack business, on how do we develop the category and what are the levers that we need to play in every market to deliver the per cap growth that we normally deliver in the markets. And theres obviously innovation, theres brand building, theres visibility, theres value, theres many levers that we play in that playbook. So to your point on brands, brands are part of that playbook. We have Doritos, I would say, in 75% of our international markets maybe, thats the number. We have Cheetos probably in 90% of our markets. Lays is, obviously, the brand that we normally tend to lead than Ruffles, the potato business because thats where I think we have more differentiation possibilities with our agro programs and our flavor programs. So  but dont take it as a brand exclusive per capita development opportunity. But its a very holistic development opportunity that includes brands, innovation, and were getting better at lift and shift or lift and adapt, as we call it, taking successful products from one market and rolling them out globally. But theres a lot of work in our playbook in how we develop the point-of-sale, and we become available everywhere and also how we understand consumers in their pocket money and their affordability and then how do we adopt in every market, the price levels to the pocket money of the consumer, and its working very well. I mean, the truth is that the snacks category, its growing consistently at a very high level internationally. And we dont see any reason why it would not do that in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Good morning, Ramon and good morning, Huge. And congratulate Ramon on the very strong first put you as a CEO. Id like to focus on the Lipton opportunity. I mean, two weeks ago, Unilever CEO said the company was beginning a strategic review of its tea business. As we have been saying for quite some time now, we believe the acquisition of the balance of your JV with Unilever will be a net positive for PepsiCo. It is one of the fastest-growing segment globally, one where you have a market share leadership. So the acquisition would make a strategic sense, but also a financial one because you will be capturing 100% of the profit rather than just half. So could you comment on this opportunity and the role of the tea segment for PepsiCo in general, especially as you are now facing, I mean, a renewed competition with Fuze mostly in Europe, but also in international markets. Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Laurent. Thanks for the question. A couple of comments on that. Number one, we launched the tea venture with Unilever a couple of decades ago, and theyve been a terrific partner over the course of the last couple of decades. Weve built a nice ready-to-drink tea business, both in the U.S. and internationally. So we certainly feel good about that. As regards the JV, we really like where we sit very much right now. We think the JV has got good balance, and I think we find the ready-to-drink aspect of tea to be attractive. So we like where we sit. Obviously, the announcement may have some ramifications for Unilever, but we think it shouldnt have substantive ramifications for us going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Laurent, we continue to do very well in the tea business. And its a category that we see growing internationally. Its growing very fast in developed markets and also in developing. To your point on Europe, we continue to be leaders. We keep innovating there. The Pure Leaf brand is doing very well. The Lipton brand is continuing to expand. We like this category. We like what were seeing. As Hugh said, well wait for events from Unilever.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. You announced some interesting changes, I guess, in the way youre managing the international business to capture more of the opportunities in Asia and Africa. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more granularity in terms of how the strategy may change. Any changes in tactics, investment that you see putting behind those changes going forward? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thats good. Yes. So there were a couple of reasons why we made this change in the organization. One is to manage a huge geography like from Africa all the way to Australia from one location, as what were doing from Dubai, was a big burden on our people and our executives. So that was not the ideal. But fundamentally, more than that, which is also important, is that there are clearly different consumption patterns, different trends, different food cultures between, I would say, the group of countries centered around China and the group of countries centered around the Middle East and Africa. So we think that by making this change, were going to be innovating with more local relevance. Were going to be activating our brands with more local relevance. We want to be able to have resources close to the marketplace in the critical differentiators like R&D, like sales execution that will help us to perform better in the market. One of the critical opportunities for PepsiCo is to develop the international business. And I think Asia remains by far our number one opportunity. And China, of course, is a huge market, where we have a good business. Its growing very well, as I said in my remarks. But the opportunity is much, much higher. So thats how were thinking about this new organization, enabling a more sustainable and focused growth in those two parts of the world. Africa is another big opportunity for us. Were  hopefully, were almost very close to concluding the Pioneer acquisition. That will give us a lot of scale in Africa, which serves also more focus than what we had in the past. And were also allocating additional resources to Africa, which will help us expand in that continent, which obviously has a huge opportunity for our products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great, good morning everyone. Ramon, can we come back to the energy drink category and kind of get more of an update on the companys strategy? Its not an area that PepsiCo has participated in, in a meaningful way. Companys had a partnership with ROCKSTAR, which is a brand which has lost share over time. Mountain Dew Kickstart hasnt really gained any traction in the category. And your key competitor, of course, has been more aggressive historically both with its investment in Monster and now the extension of the Coke brands. So the question is, is this an area of emphasis for PepsiCo either organically or through M&A? Or are you reasonably fine playing on the periphery? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you. Good question. Listen, obviously, we  the consumers are looking for more caffeine, right? I mean, its clear that this is an opportunity that theyre looking for. As the day is becoming longer and the commuting is longer, I mean, theres a lot of tailwinds to the use of caffeine. The way weve been approaching this opportunity is, as we said in the past, from multiple dimensions. So were playing in energy with ROCKSTAR. Its a brand that we think we have the opportunity to  working together with the ROCKSTAR owners, to develop and to reinvest, and I think we can do a better job there. But were also especially working in those spaces from the coffee category, and I think our partnership with Starbucks has been great. Triple Shot Starbucks this year has been a massive innovation, and its nothing but a very good way to consume caffeine as well. Were looking at participating in lower caffeine levels from  and we just announced some innovation in our bubly brand, some innovation in our BOLT24 brand. So we plan to participate in the caffeine space from multiple dimensions, including doing a better job with ROCKSTAR and our partnership there. Brands like Mountain Dew Kickstart and Mountain Dew Game Fuel are good innovation from our own brands into that space, a bit more focused on particular opportunities, one on the morning occasion, one on the gaming occasion. Theyre getting good traction for us as well. So thats the way were thinking now of participating in what is, as you say, a large opportunity and quite profitable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks, good morning. Just going back to Steve Powers' kind of questions on  can you quantify a little bit more what gives you confidence on, I guess, specifically, Pepsi in North America and kind of the momentum this year? Maybe what stage we are in different pack sizes or innovation on the horizon or something just that gets you  because the comps dont get any easier, and certainly, there are other products out there. Id love to hear what youre seeing or quantify what youre seeing that gets you excited.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean were excited. We have six quarters of growth for Pepsi continuously. And were seeing the brand equity going up as we invest more in the brand, as our advertising gets better, and were able to talk to consumers, the different segments with different messages and thats working very well. From the product point of view, were seeing high growth, as I said last time, in smaller packs. So thats continued to help the penetration in households that had stopped buying CSDs. Now theyre going back with the smaller packs. So thats great. Zero is a very fast-growing brand. And for us, its a great brand internationally. Were trying to develop it faster in the U.S. You saw our focus in the Super Bowl. Our execution is quite focused on Pepsi Zero. I mean Pepsi regular is growing back again. Again, I think there is more our execution and the fact were able to execute with more granularity and better precision thats helping the Pepsi brand, along with the brand equity development. So thats what makes us feel very strong about Pepsi continuing to grow 2020 and in the coming years. Well keep innovating. Were innovating in Pepsi flavors. We keep innovating with Pepsi Cafe. So we will keep bringing some news to the brand to continue the consumer engagement with our brand, our products. Yes. Thats good. Okay. Thank you. I think that concludes the Q&A. Thank you for your time and your participation in this mornings call. Were very pleased with the progress weve made to date, and were executing well against our key priorities. We look forward to updating you again on our progress throughout the year, and we thank you very much for the confidence youve placed with us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCos Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-03 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Ravi Pamnani, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pamnani, you may begin.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Im joined this morning by PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCos Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. Well begin with some brief prepared comments from Ramon and Hugh and then open up the call to your questions. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We will make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our business plans and 2019 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and reflect our view as of today and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements. And now, its my pleasure to introduce Ramon Laguarta.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Ravi. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to our results, I would like to congratulate Ravi on his recent appointment to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ravi has been with PepsiCo Investor Relations since 2012. Most of know  most of you know Ravi very well. Were very pleased to have Ravi advanced to lead the IR function. Jamie Caulfield was recently appointed CFO for Frito-Lay North America. And were glad that hell continue to play a very important role in PepsiCos finance organization and in the Frito-Lay business. Now moving on to the results. Were very pleased with our results for the third quarter and year-to-date. Our top priorities entering 2019 were to accelerate our full-year rate of organic revenue growth and to position the business for sustained future growth, and we have good evidence that weve made solid progress on both fronts. In the third quarter, organic revenue increased 4.3%, lapping very strong 4.9% organic revenue growth during the third quarter of last year. And year-to-date, our organic revenue growth stands at 4.6%, an acceleration from 3.4% a year ago. So given the strength of our year-to-date performance and the solid momentum were seeing in the business, we now expect to meet or exceed our 4% organic revenue growth target for the full-year. Our strong performance in the third quarter was broad-based with organic revenue growth generated by each one of our divisions. Frito-Lay North America grew organic revenue 5.5%, driven by volume growth and net prize realization. Importantly, the business is not only growing, but winning in the marketplace versus competition. In the quarter and year-to-date, Frito-Lay is growing value share in salty, savory and macro snack categories. Investments weve made in innovation, marketing and consumer insights and manufacturing and go-to-market capacity are providing benefits across the brand portfolio with strong net revenue growth in our large mainstream brands like Doritos, Cheetos, Ruffles and Fritos and double-digit growth in our smaller premium brands such as Bare and Off the Eaten Path. The breadth of our growth was also evidenced across every key retail channel, with gains in grocery, mass, club, convenience, foodservice and e-commerce. Turning to PepsiCo Beverages North America. Were very encouraged by the 3% organic revenue growth we generated in the quarter, driven by solid net price realization, the result of effective revenue management execution. Our third quarter growth accelerated sequentially from the second quarter and was on top of 2.5% organic revenue growth achieved in the third quarter of 2018. The business is benefiting from improved local market focus and execution driven by our streamlined field structure, increased go-to-market capacity and significant step-up advertising support and innovation. Were especially pleased with the performance of Gatorade, which generated mid single-digit net revenue growth and improved sequential market share performance. Innovation has played a big role in Gatorades performance, led by Gatorade Zero, which has surpassed $0.5 billion in retail sales since its launch in May of last year. And we recently launched Bolt24, a new functional beverage that supports athletes around the clock by providing advanced all-day hydration. Other key parts of the business also continued to show progress. Trademark Pepsi posted its fifth consecutive quarter of net revenue growth and Bubly has continued to post very strong growth and is gaining share in the flavored sparkling water category aided by packaging and flavor innovation. Other notable highlights include double-digit net revenue growth for LIFEWTR and Propel and high single-digit net revenue growth for Pure Leaf Tea and Starbucks. Rounding out our North American performance, Quaker Foods delivered net revenue growth in the quarter propelled by our light snacks, Aunt Jemima syrup and mix, Roni and Near East businesses. With our advertising and marketing having increased in the quarter and year-to-date, we remain focused on accelerating growth at Quaker Foods. Before we move on to international, I want to note the terrific work our supply chain and customer teams are doing in North America with our snacks and beverages businesses, receiving the two top ranking in the 2019 U.S. Advantage Survey for Food Multichannel Report. This is one of the annual surveys, where retailers across multiple channels provide feedback on how suppliers are performing with respect to strategy, people, category development, marketing, supply chain, customer service and e-commerce. Moving beyond North America. Each of our international divisions delivered solid organic revenue growth in the third quarter, despite ongoing macroeconomic volatility in certain markets. Notably, organic revenue in our developing and emerging markets increased 7%. This included double-digit growth in Mexico, Saudi Arabia, China, Turkey and Pakistan, and high single-digit growth in India, Egypt, Poland and Colombia. Our international results reflect the benefits of our increased investments, as we continue to leverage our global capabilities to drive higher per capita consumption and improved market share, while executing in locally relevant ways. PepsiCos performance today gives us confidence that the strategy we laid out in February to become faster, stronger and better is working. Importantly, were balancing our investments to both drive results in the short-term and position our business for sustained long-term performance. Becoming faster is about winning in the marketplace, being more consumer-centric and accelerated investment for top line growth. For example, weve increased our investment in advertising and marketing by 12% year-to-date. This investment spans across many of our big brands and geographies, as well as support for innovation and emerging brands, which we will continue to develop over time. Were invested to increase the capacity and reach of our go-to-market systems with substantial investments in new routes, merchandising racks and coolers, and were investing in additional manufacturing capacity to remove bottlenecks and expand growth capacity for our brands. This includes investments in new plants, new lines and added distribution infrastructure. Becoming stronger is about transforming our capabilities, cost and culture by operating as One PepsiCo leveraging technology and winning globally and locally. For example, were making significant investments in capabilities like data analytics and systems to digitalize the company to achieve precision at scale, which is to execute in every store with precisely the right products at the right price. To do so, were capturing and analyzing more granular consumer level data to build true consumer intimacy, that is understanding the consumer in a much more personal way, to move from thinking of consumers in groups of millions, to understand in-depth the household or individual level by leveraging robust data from multiple sources. Using this information, were increasingly structuring personalized communication and satisfying demand at the store level. We also continue to strengthen our omni-channel capabilities, particularly in e-commerce, where our retail sales are expected to be nearly $2 billion in 2019. Were building on this success by investing further in our go-to-market and supply chain systems to capitalize on more opportunities in todays dynamic retail environment. And were elevating our talent and fostering a culture, where employees act like owners with a greater sense of empowerment and accountability. To fund these investments in capability and culture, were driving efficiency throughout the enterprise and we remain on track to deliver our target of $1 billion in annual productivity savings in 2019. And finally, becoming better reflects our aspiration to integrate purpose into our business strategy and brands. With this in mind, were embracing a set of focused initiatives to help build a more sustainable food system. And Id like to spend a little extra time this morning to share with you what were focusing on. First is advancing environmental, social and economic benefits to farmers and communities by promoting more sustainable agriculture. Through our sustainable farming program in 2018, we achieved a key milestone with over half our farmer-sourced agricultural raw materials, like potatoes, whole corn, oranges and oats, verified as sustainability sourced. Our aim is to reach 100% by the end of 2020. Second is improving water stewardship across our businesses and in the regions where we operate. Were striving to improve water use efficiency and aiming to replenish 100% of the water we consume for manufacturing in high water risk areas by 2025. Third is delivering our vision of a world, where plastic packaging need never become waste. We recently unveiled a new target to reduce 35% of virgin plastic content across our beverage brands by 2025, driven by increased use of recycled content and alternative packaging materials. Fourth is improving choices across our portfolio by continuing to reduce added sugars, sodium and saturated fats in many of our products. We currently offer several choices that address this objective, including Pepsi Zero Sugar, Lays Baked, whole fruit and multigrain, Tropicana Whole Fruit and Sunbites Veggie Harvest. And we will continue to expand our offerings of more nutritional options. Our fifth focus area is mitigating the impact of climate change by curbing greenhouse gas emissions across all our value chain with an ambitious goal to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain by 20% by 2030. And lastly, were working to support our associates and society by advancing respect for human rights, promoting diversity and inclusion in our workplace and increasing the earnings potential of women in our communities. This is a journey with a lot of work ahead of us, but we want all of our stakeholders to know that advancing to sustainability and being a more purposeful company will play an essential role in PepsiCos future. For more details on how were integrating sustainability into our business and our brands, we encourage you to read our most recent sustainability report. And now, Ill hand it off to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Ramon, and good morning, everyone. As Ramon noted earlier, we now expect organic revenue growth to meet or exceed our previous objective of 4% growth for the full-year. We continue to expect our core constant currency earnings per share to decline approximately 1%, as we plan to continue to invest in our business for the long-term. All other guidance measures provided remain unchanged, including a core effective tax rate of approximately 21%, free cash flow of approximately $5 billion and total cash return to shareholders of approximately $8 billion, comprised of dividends of approximately $5 billion and share repurchases of approximately $3 billion. With respect to the fourth quarter, please keep the following in mind as you build out your models. First, our asset division will be lapping gains from a refranchising and a strategic asset sale; and second, the higher investments in the business will continue, and you will see this again reflected in both our operating margin performance and core EPS. Now, well open it up to questions. Operator, well take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: So it looks like in Frito-Lay North America, organic sales growth is probably on track for 5% or even better this full-year based on the year-to-date trends. Thatd be the best growth weve seen in a decade. So I was just hoping you could give us a bit of postmortem on whats driven the acceleration year-to-date? How much is improved category growth versus building Pepsi market share momentum? And given the acceleration over the last year appears to be more driven by pricing, how sustainable is the momentum as you cycle higher pricing in Q4 and beyond? And then just last, with the capacity additions to supply chain work youre doing on the Frito-Lay side in North America this year? Should that have an appreciable impact on volume or mix as we look out to 2020? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Dara. This is a long question, good question. The performance of Frito is, I think, is very holistic, right, whats driving the performance and its, I guess, a combination of increased A&M, increased capacity, we put more routes. And we made some choices around what are the priority brands and non-priority brands and thats driving the overall business performance. Were gaining share and the category is also very healthy. Of course, were a big part of the category. So were driving the attractiveness on the category as well with our increased advertising, very good innovation across the big brands and the small brand. So I think its a good performance, both in terms of maintaining the attractiveness of the category and making sure our customers continue to see growth, even by adding this category, which is critical for our customers. And then were gaining share, because we have, I guess, a very broad portfolio that plays across all the different consumer segment. And the team is doing a fantastic job in terms of building the brand and developing the innovation. So, a holistic set of reasons why this business is continuing to perform at a very high level compared to other consumer packaged goods in the United States.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. I had a question, I guess, around NAV. And I think as you started this year, the investment was in a few different areas, one being marketing and product, another being in route, and then also in packaging, like getting mini cans into the market, I guess. And I guess, specific to CSD, where do you feel you are in the process of having all those investments in place and the effect of those in the marketplace? I guess, currently in  like how much more is there to go to in terms of having that drive some improvement in market share, as we go into next year?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Good morning, Bryan. The success of our beverage business is in continuing to drive the  the whole portfolio, the non-carbonated portfolio. So we need to continue to do a great job in our teas, our waters, our teas, our sports drinks and then obviously improve the performance in CSDs. Were seeing progress across all of those multiple objectives, which is quite complex to manage, right. So were seeing as continue to gain share in what are the critical strategic categories for ads and doing very well with some of our critical brands like Pepsi. As we discussed last quarter, we still have a pending matter in Mountain Dew. The Mountain Dew is improving, but its not to the levels that we would like to see. So thats the focus of the team for the next few quarters to make sure that we get you back to a what we think is a more sustainable performance. But were happy with the growth were having in all the other categories. Were happy with the way Pepsi is performing. And as I said on my remarks, were very happy with Gatorade. And with the performance of Gatorade in the sports drinks category, this quarter reflects both the additional investment weve made on core Gatorade, the great innovation behind Zero, which is really a very well received incremental innovation to the category, and now were starting to make some additional investments in that category with Bolt24. Were testing and learning and there will be a bigger roll out of that brand next year. So, overall, we feel good. Again, Mountain Dew continues to be the pending matter, But we feel good about the ideas we have, the resources we have allocated to this brand and how the teams are thinking about Mountain Dew for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys. So I have two questions. One is on CapEx specifically, clearly is signal that going up. I want to better understand please the CapEx obviously in FLNA, you had mentioned increased capacity. But in PBNA, in particular, and where you are and rolling that out, because if its things like your competitors doing in North America like in-store displays like coolers, like more efficient routes, like more efficient vehicles, theres a lag before you get that benefit. So I want to get a sense of what you expect the benefit on the CapEx, again, particularly in PBNA to start coming through going forward? And then the second question is around Latin America, Latin America foods and Im sure with Jamie going there CFO. I wont have to ask about it again. But it looked like it slowed a little bit, goes on the top line, the bottom line, you can add any color there. Thatd be helpful? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Lets start with Latin America. I already said, Jamie is going to Frito-Lay North America, Latin America as a separate division, but regardless. The Latin America performance continues to be very strong. Mexico is growing double digits. There was a  we had a lap in our Brazil business last year. We had the drivers strike, remember, in Brazil, then we had a very strong June or lapping that June this year. The business in Brazil is back to very good performance in the back of the quarter and into the Q4. So we dont see any deceleration. The biggest challenge obviously in Latin America is Argentina. You guys read the news every day. Its a very volatile environment with the currency devaluation and then were having to adjust to  in our affordability levels with a consumer. So that  thats the biggest challenge in Latin America, but its not meaningful enough to  for the overall Latin America performance now thats there. In terms of NAB, as you said, were  I think, it is the same answer as with Frito. Were trying to make investment in a very holistic way, so that we drive performance with no bottleneck. So were investing in the brands, both in the large brands, but also in the smaller brands in PBNA. Were investing in routes. Were investing in coolers and marketplace, cooling infrastructure, which drives our business and drives our profitability. And yes, were seeing the performance. As you see, its a  3% is a very good performance for NAB. We think that  or we still have opportunities to do better than that, and well continue to fight for that for that performance. So again, its holistic CapEx investments across all the leavers of grills that will make a successful long-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: So I wanted to follow-up please on the commentary that you just offered on NAB and the continued improvement. With the CSD volumes down 3%, I mean, I think, from a fundamental perspective, it is a structurally challenged category. So what do you think is reasonable from a volume perspective? What does success look like on the CSD component of the segment? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, great. As we discussed last quarter, I think, there is a  I think a structural change in consumer demand and this category is moving to a smaller format, different formats that drive a different volume, net revenue construction here. So the net revenue of CSD is up. Part of that is pricing, but a lot of that is mix and is mix driven by obviously as becoming, I would say, more insightful in what are the different occasions that consumers are buying our products and offering the best pack for those locations. But also, I think there is a fundamental change in demand or consumers are going for smaller packs. And thats driving a change in the price per liter of the category and price per unit. So that is the  and to reiterate into that to what Ali asked before, that drives some of the CapEx as well. So were investing capacity for those smaller formats and were seeing the return in higher pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning, and congrats to Jamie and Ravi on the new assignment.
Ravi Pamnani: Thank you, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: So very  youre welcome. Thank you for everything. So very top down on international and in particular because of your experience, Ramon. I was thinking like the international growth has been accelerating. And I was hoping to hear, how do you feel about both beverages and snacks consumption going forward, given the macro volatility? And also if you can, I think, we havent heard about Mountain Dew on the beverage side. So if you can kind of explain if investments might be going to that  into that brand as well going forward?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, let me start with international. It is a volatile, macroeconomic and political situation and more and more geopolitical and the macroeconomic discipline. And if you go, our larger businesses are performing very well. I mean, like Mexico is growing double-digit, Russia is having a very good year. We see high growth, double-digit in China, very high growth in India. Even Saudi Arabia was a challenge for us, its going back to double-digit. So were seeing, from the demand point of view, were seeing a very, still very strong demand to our, what are our categories. Part of that is, were gaining share in many of these markets. Part of that is still the categories are very  not not very developed and consumers continue to come to our categories as we offer more innovative products and more affordable products. So far, were not seeing a reduction in demand for our categories on a global level. There are some markets where were seeing the consumers acting a little bit differently. For example, the UK is one where were seeing the consumers a little bit  a little more defensive, as you know, with all the political uncertainty there. Were seeing obviously, Argentina, as I said, Venezuela, weve been there for many years now. But we dont see and they have a fundamental change of demand, lets say, in the last few months versus the beginning of the year or last year. Were seeing the categories still growing very healthy and the demand come into our categories in good, I would say, good positive levels, right. So that Mountain Dew, I said, the  it is our pending subject. It is a focus of the organization. And were, I think, the brand is well-resourced at this point and its going to be down to having the right ideas and execute in the right  the ideas with quality. And as were becoming a better execution company, I think, that will happen. As we talk  it is a brand that is in the intersection of CSDs and energy. And its not as easier problem to solve in terms of maintaining the relevance and the consumer high awareness for this brand compared to some of the other  the new trends that are happening in energy. So thats work for us to do. But I would say is  the brand is flat at this point. And well continue to invest to make it a positive brand for us in the coming quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of Macquarie
Caroline Levy: Good morning, and congrats, Ravi, and as Jamie is in the room, too, listening.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Caroline Levy: I was wondering if you  good morning. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on your SodaStream and the opportunity there. I mean, just given, I think, priority number one for many, many companies now seems to be reducing plastic. And then, what is the cost of recycling investments that you see hope, you view as a corporate having to make alongside, but perhaps states and governments? And then what role the SodaStream play, particularly in the U.S., just because it hasnt really taken off in the way it has in parts of Europe?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Its a great question. And its  we made a strategic bet, right, when we decided to go by SodaStream. We saw this potential consumer change stores on plastic beverages in part of the world. And also we saw that SodaStream adds the opportunities for consumers to personalize their drinks or add a personal touch to their drink. So the good news is that, SodaStream is driven very well. And its doing better than what we had in our business case for M&A. So it continues to be very successful across multiple parts of the world. So, obviously, Western Europe, what is started is very, very strong, Germany, France, Holland, Central, Northern Europe as well. It is strong in Japan. It is very strong in Canada. And there is some opportunities in the U.S., which were making some organizational changes or upgrading talent. Were leveraging obviously the customer relationships that we have with our PepsiCo business to open some new relationships and we are innovating a lot. You will see some, I think, some transformational progress for SodaStream next year in the U.S. that I think  Im very optimistic about the step change in household penetration that will give us. But overall, this is the huge strategic opportunity for us as a company. Were realizing, I think, part of that opportunity. Were adding some of the knowledge from PepsiCo to SodaStream. And that will make that company better in a very, very innovation and design of the machines and some technologies direct-to-consumer. So I think SodaStream will be a better company as part of PepsiCo and PepsiCo will be a better company by having SodaStream and being able to address that potential consumer opportunity. So good news on the financial short-term delivery and I think very good news coming for us in the future with this new business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Im actually
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog: good morning, I did want to ask on gross margin, which has really been quite impressive this year. So kind of wondering how we should think about the margins through the end of the year, especially given the tough comp year lapping in Q4? And then could you highlight some of the key puts and takes for margins, especially as we look into next year, youre definitely going to be facing some tough gross margin compares in 2020. So any color on how youre looking at lap those, particularly if FX headwind amounts, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Bonnie. Its Hugh. Yes, a couple comments on on margin. Number one, obviously, weve gotten very good price realization across the company this year. As we get into Q4, we will start to lap some of the pricing that we took in Q4 of last year. So well get less of a pricing benefit to gross margins. Regarding commodities, nothing notable there. As you know, we have our four buying program on commodity. So we have good line of sight into what we will see there and no notable change versus year-to-date. And then last, obviously, our productivity has been quite strong this year. Well continue to see that in Q4. So gross margins will certainly continue to be positive as we move forward. But do note that the pricing benefit toward gross margins will be less as we enter the quarter. Regarding 2020 and forward, I think its best if we talk about that holistically as a part of our 2020 guidance, which well get to in February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Ramon, you touched on it a little bit in terms of consumers moving to smaller packs for CSDs. But I was just wondering if you could kind of step back and and give us your assessment of where the U.S. consumer is on health and wellness-related issues, sugar, artificial sweeteners, and what your company strategy is on that? And then one of the reasons why Im asking it is, Gatorade Zero doing really well, great product, and then  but then you come out with the Bolt24. And if I recollect quite a bit of sugar in that, which was a little bit surprising to me. So Im just trying to understand where you see the consumer and how youre responding to it. Thank you very much.
Ramon Laguarta: Right, the question  great question, and its critical to our strategy, right? So when we talked about our strategy in February, we said were going to play against each one of the vectors of demand in our categories and not all the health and wellness, but every vector of demand. So were seeing the consumer and hes not only snacks, but beverages and the two categories. Were seeing the consumer going after functionality, going after health and wellness, but also going after indulgence and going to many spaces in the convenience, association. So a lot of different vectors that drive consumer preference and choices. And then, obviously, a very important vector, which is price. So premium value and mainstream being a very important segmentation as consumers make choices. So were  we  the decision we made is that, weve gone to either consumer maximum choice against each one of the vectors and were trying to capture demand from all of the different occasions throughout the day. That  thats the only way were going to keep our share, continue to grow and were going to be successful in our category. So thats where were seeing. The trend towards small packs is not only in beverages, it is also in snacks. And actually, it has been going on in snacks for several years as well, where our variety packs in Frito-Lay are growing very fast. And then internationally, by far, our smaller packs are the number one packaging of choice for consumers. Then to the point on Gatorade, yes, Zero is great. Zero has been a great addition to the category to the brand. It is capturing consumers that I think were very heavy users of Gatorade and had abandoned the brand because of the calories. So its been a great addition. Its putting the brand back as a relevant brand to many more consumers as they exercise or do other activities. And its expanding the brand, I think, is structurally and will give us, I think, a lot of great moments going forward. Bolt24 is a very low calorie product and is not no added sugars, and its all this sugar that is in the  basically the watermelon water that is that is kind of the base of the product. Obviously, we reserve the right to have a Zero Bolt24 going forward. I think at this point, the brand is positioned for athletes of the field and you will see innovation around functionality more than sugar, no sugar, but very, very low sugar levels, actually much lower than competitors in that space for sure. And I think is the right way to launch the brand. It is below 100 calories per bottle, so its 80 calories. So its very, very, a very healthy balance between taste, functionality and sugar levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, Ramon and Hugh. Hey, a question on Quaker. Quakers trend seems to be getting better, second quarter in a row that  of organic growth at Quaker something not seen since 2016, if Im correct. So could you please give us more granularity in those results, especially its not necessary what we are seeing in instant data? And how sustainable this trend is in your view? And also, I mean, this growth seems to be coming at the expense of operating income, which seems to be a change of strategy versus the last few years? Should we think about the gross margins to continue to compress to sustain the growth here? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good question, Laurent. Of course, we want our  each one of our businesses to be a positive growth business. So Quaker no difference. We will continue to invest to make sure that business continues to grow, maybe not at the levels that we have Frito-Lay, but yes, good levels. Weve done several things with that business. One is, we invested a bit more both in CapEx and kind of cost of goods, specifically in the area of improving the formulation of our Quaker products. So weve eliminated all the artificials. Now its only natural. And I think that will do well for the brand going forward, although, its quite an important investment in terms of cost of goods. So thats why youre seeing the operating  the gross margin reducing a little bit in Quaker. In terms of the breadth of growth, it is across all the different brands that make up that business. So it is our oats, but its also our life snacks, which I think have tremendous potential. Its part of Aunt Jemima. Its part of the convenient foods in  with Near East. So its a broad growth. And I think its sustainable as we put a bit more focus on the brands, the innovation and the execution of those particular brands. The fact that weve put this business under the Frito-Lay organization, so they report to Williams. Now he will bring more operational excellence to that organization in terms of both supply chain and sales and I think that per se will drive growth as we execute better. So I would say, again, holistic, look at the business starting from innovation brands. And in this case execution as well being a big lever, I think, of potential future performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Kevin Grundy: Question on the Pioneer Foods deal and then M&A more broadly. So the Pioneer deal announced back in mid-July, I understand it hasnt closed yet. But perhaps a little background how the deal came together and why Pioneer is the right asset to accelerate growth in the sub-Saharan Africa region? And then more broadly, Ramon, on M&A. Is it fair to say that international and food snacks is where investors should expect to see capital deployed going forward from an M&A perspective? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, Pioneer is Africa is a continent of the next 30 years. So were putting a capital against a market opportunity that will deliver itself in the next 20 years. What Pioneer gives us is more scale in a continent where youre successful, not only because of you have good products, but you need to have very good infrastructure, very good, go-to-market, very good manufacturing clearly closer to the consumer and very good talent. I think, from Pioneer, we get a very good set of brands across multiple categories, starting with basic food and  but going all the way to more sophisticated breakfast solutions and juice solutions. It gives us great talent, great local talent that understands how to operate in Africa. It gives us scale for our go-to-market and these will help our beverages and our snack businesses. And it gives us a good operating efficiency as we integrate all these businesses. So it is a good investment for us. Why Pioneers? Weve been looking at different options, obviously, over time. And Pioneer, weve  were a good friend for many years with the Pioneer team and the opportunity came as of recently. So, it is a strategic geography for us from, I would say, Horizon 3, not Horizon 1 or 2, but Horizon 3. And we think it was going to be a very, very strategic investment for us going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Amit Sharma: Ramon, a follow-up to, I think, Daras question earlier about pricing in FLNA, like clearly pricing-driven, but just about how sustainable that is going forward? And then broadly for Hugh, we clearly hear you on small packages and innovation in beverages. But as you look at your overall portfolio, do you feel like you have the brand to meet the evolving consumer demand, or do you need to look at M&A for your beverage portfolio as well?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Ill talk about the brands and then maybe Hugh can talk about the other part of the question. I think we have a very good portfolio actually in North America to cover both existing demands and future demands, right? So if you think about our CSD brands, when you think about water brands with LIFEWTR, Bubly, Aquafina, if you think about our coffee, Starbucks, if you think about our teas, Pure Leaf, I mean, we have the newly acquired value-added dairy business, SodaStream going forward. So we have, I think, a very broad portfolio to cover both existing demands, future demands. And as I said, indulgent functional hydration, I mean multiple occasions around the day and todays demand and future demand, weather well need some smaller brands to add to their portfolio, like we have KeVita or some other smaller brands, well see as we go forward. They will not be meaningful to the overall breakdown of the portfolio that I think we have the big brands that we need to take the business forward and those brands can innovate into multiple spaces, right? So I mean, thats the beauty. So Gatorade can see the beautiful brand that has been playing on part of the market. Now we take it to another part of the market and we generate $500 million of additional revenue in one year now. So I think we have the brands that we need to keep those brands very relevant, keep them modern, keep them attractive to the consumer as the new generations come into the marketplace, and then we need to keep innovating into new spaces under the umbrella of those brands and theyre broad enough brands that can cover multiple spaces. So I would not, I think, were very well positioned better than our competition, I think, in that space. And then well have to, as I said, keep innovating and keep building the brand into more modern ways of communicating. But its, I think, were very well positioned to capture todays demand and future demand. And Hugh, do you want to talk about the other part?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, regarding Frito-Lay. Im at a couple of things to keep in mind. Number one, the Sabra business. We include Sabra in our volume, but not in our revenue. Its not a consolidated venture. So we do capture volume, but not revenue. Sabra is growing below the Frito-Lay average and the product is quite heavy. If you back out Sabra, thats worth 0.5 a point. So the 1.5 volume is actually two points of volume if you back out Sabra. That relates more directly to the 5.5 Frito-Lay revenue. So that leaves you about 3.5 points of price mix. Obviously, pricing was a bit higher this year than what weve seen on average over the last couple of years, but not dramatically. So and mix is clearly a tailwind as well as we move more of the portfolio into premium products. So I think youll see numbers that are pretty consistent with that relationship. Once you back out Sabra maybe a little bit less, but not dramatically so in the Frito-Lay business.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bill Chappell: Just looking at Gatorade, in particular, I mean, great that its turned around? And is it as simple as saying just long overdue and putting a Zero cal version out there? And if thats the right way to look at it, I mean, is that resident in the whole business? And maybe you were a little too conservative, a little too slow to some of the changes and some things can be done to kind of accelerate the beverage business from going forward?
Ramon Laguarta: Its not  we feel  good morning. We didnt say it was the only lever, right, its multiple leavers that were playing to make Gatorade successful. And we changed some packaging, we improved our communication, we improved our execution on kind of the broad Gatorade brand and then we added innovation, which normally it is a big lever of acceleration, right? If you hit the right innovation in this big brands, that is really a big, big, big lever. Were looking at hydration as a holistic opportunity and we have Gatorade. We have Propel. We have Bolt24. So were looking at different solutions for different type of consumers there. Were looking at direct-to-consumer solutions for Gatorade. Were looking at other ways of personalizing consumption for Gatorade to make sure our kind of value added to the consumer is higher, more personalized. So, I didnt mean to say that it was only launching zero. And that was  its a much broader set of efforts across the organization to make sure that we continue to be the preferred house of solutions for sports drinks, Gatorade being one part, again, Propel is growing very fast. And its a great solution for low calorie hydration. And the same now with Bolt24 we expect to innovate going forward. So that were looking at this opportunity and physical performance is a big going forward consumer need that I think we want to participate not only with hydration, maybe other solutions as well.
Ramon Laguarta: So thank you all for your time and participation in this mornings call. To conclude, summarizing, were pleased with our results in the third quarter and we now expect to meet or exceed our original target for our full-year organic net revenue growth. Were executing well against our key priorities. And especially, we thank you all for your confidence youve placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCos third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-09 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We'll begin today's call with some brief prepared comments from Ramon and Hugh and then open the call up to your questions. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We will make forward-looking statements on todays call, including about our plans and 2019 guidance. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties and reflect our view as of today and we are under no obligation to update. When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures which exclude certain items from reported results. Please refer to todays earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results and for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Ramon Laguarta.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Four things wed like to highlight before I move on to a brief recap of the operating sectors results. First, were very pleased with our results for the second quarter. Organic revenue grew 4.5% overall with each of our six operating sectors contributing to the growth. I believe the solid growth we had in the second quarter is a good indication of the strength of both our product and geographic portfolios and it also gives us the confidence that the plans we shared with you at the beginning of the year are being very well executed. Second, we continue to make progress on our productivity agenda and remain on track to achieve a full-year productivity target savings. Third, were on track with our investment priorities amongst which weve stepped up our brand investments which is evident in the increase in A&M in the first half of 56 basis points as a percent of net revenue. Weve invested in advanced data and analytics to enhance our consumer and shopper insights and sharpen the precision of our execution. Weve invested in increased go-to-market capacity and capability, including routes, other front-line selling resources and ecommerce. Weve invested in increased manufacturing capacity with additional lines and plans to support our fastest growing brands. Weve invested to drive greater global systems harmonization and standardization and we took steps to transform our culture to become more effective by being more consumer-centric, nimble and collaborative. And fourth, were reaffirming our full year guidance. So let me move onto the sectors results, starting with Frito-Lay North America. FLNA continued to post strong growth in the second quarter with organic revenue up 5% and solid market performance. We delivered good net revenue growth in our key trademarks including Lays, Doritos, Cheetos and Ruffles. In addition, we posted good growth across all channels in the U.S. led by high-single digit growth in convenience and dollar stores. We continued to invest across the business with the aim to drive sustainable, better-than-industry growth and this includes investing in plant and warehouse capacity, routes, sales technology, enhanced consumer and shopper data and insights and brand media. To this point, in the second quarter FLNAs A&M was up high-single digits with investments across our portfolio of brands. And were pleased to know that FLNA was once again the largest contributor to total food and beverage U.S. retail sales growth in the quarter. PepsiCo Beverages North America delivered 2% organic net revenue growth with solid benefit from net price realization. Trademark Pepsi and trademark Mountain Dew showed sequential volume improvement and our ready-to-drink coffee and water volumes grew in the high and mid-single digits, respectively. A&M spending was up strong double digits for the quarter. Beyond brand investment were also directed investment on innovation to address new category entrants and to drive success in higher growth category segments and this is evident with innovations like Mountain Dew Game Fuel, Gatorade Zero and Gatorade Bolt24, LIFEWTR, Bubly, new variants of Propel and extensions within our successful Starbucks and Pure Leaf Tea lineups. Were encouraged by this steady improvement weve seen in the business and we believe that as we execute our planned investment agenda, well see a return to sustained competitive performance. Rounding out North America, the second quarter was Quakers strongest quarter of organic revenue growth in three years with organic revenue up 3% driven by net price realization and modest volume gains. Weve restored brand support across the Quaker portfolio and weve returned to volume growth in Aunt Jemima and ready-to-eat cereals, each of which delivered mid-single digit volume growth. Now moving on to international, despite ongoing macroeconomic volatility in a number of key markets and poor weather in parts of Western Europe, each of our international divisions delivered solid organic revenue growth in the second quarter. Notably, developing and emerging market organic revenue increased 8%, driven by particularly good growth in a number of our key markets. Mexico and Russia were up high-single digits, Brazil was up more than 20% in part reflecting the benefit of lapping last years transport strike, China grew strong double digits and India increased mid-single digits. These results are a reflection of the benefits of the increased investments were making in the business and reinvigorated emphasis on marketplace execution, driving a lot of relevance and lot of affordability, expanding our global brand portfolio, leveraging our global capabilities to drive higher per capita consumption and market share gains. And with this, let me hand it off to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Ramon. Good morning, everyone. I have just a few comments on the balance of year outlook. As Ramon just mentioned, were reiterating each of the components of our 2019 guidance, namely we continue to expect organic revenue growth of 4%, a core effective tax rate of approximately 21%, core constant currency EPS to decline approximately 1%, free cash flow of approximately $5 billion and total cash returns to shareholders of approximately $8 billion comprised of dividends of approximately $5 billion and share repurchases of approximately $3 billion. As you model out the balance of the year, I call your attention to the fact that the organic revenue growth comparisons get meaningfully more challenging in the second half. And from an EPS perspective, you should consider the following. First, over the balance of the year we will be lapping gains from various strategic asset sales and refranchising gains and insurance recoveries. And second, our pace of planned reinvestments in the business will accelerate over the balance of the year and you will see this reflected both in core EPS as well as in our operating margin performance. Now, well open it up for your questions. Operator, well take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Ramon, I guess kind of stepping back youve had now half of year of this stepped up investment and I think if we look at the organic sales, the composition of organic sales particularly North America, its a little bit more price heavy and less volume. So I guess two questions around that. One, do you think that the  is the investment allowing for maybe more pricing and mix than maybe what existed previously? And second, would you expect that wed start to see maybe more of a pickup in volume or demand as more of these marketing initiatives get into the market for the balance of the year?
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Bryan. Listen, were seeing balanced growth in the U.S. and very rational pricing in our categories, both in snacks and beverages. Last year, remember we had higher commodity inflation, so I think thats been reflected a little bit in the pricing this year. But nevertheless what were trying to do is trying to understand much better the consumer, trying to understand the different occasions the consumer is going into our categories and maximize obviously the opportunities for revenue in each one of those occasions. Were investing a lot in net revenue management across the company and thats translating into I would say a better mix management, talent management, transaction per unit management and thats what you should be seeing in the future as well. The most important thing from the investor point of view is were seeing very rational pricing across the industry and everybodys trying to generate value by investing in brands, improving distribution, connecting better with consumers versus just using prices as the only lever of attracting consumers to the brands. So I think its pretty powerful, good situation for our categories I would say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Dara Mohsenian: So just to get a bit more granularity on the pricing, weve obviously seen Frito-Lay North America, the balance has tilted much more towards pricing recently with the strong organic sales growth over the last few quarters. So can you give us a little more granularity on what specifically has been driving that and should we expect more of a balance going forward between pricing and volume? And then also on the beverage side, obviously very strong pricing in the last few quarters, post the fall increase. You just commented that the competitive environment is pretty rational, but just any thoughts on pricing potential in NAB when you cycle those increases in the fall would be helpful?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I would say and Hugh will add to my comments that what were seeing in the industry is a trend towards smaller packs. So consumers are somehow  either the size of the household or the particular occasions where theyre consuming our products, consumers are moving to smaller packs. And if you recall when we talk about some of our investments in the past call, we said were going to put additional capacity because were seeing that the consumer is moving to smaller packs and some of our capacities under  theres some bottlenecking in our capacity because of that, right. So as the consumer moves into smaller packs, youll realize more pricing. Price per kilo is better, price per liter is better. The second trend is consumers are looking for higher value products, so more functional, theyre looking for more benefits in the consumption of our categories, be it snacks or beverages and that tends to be also higher price per liter, price per kilo. So I think you will continue to see those trends going forward in our categories, especially in more developed markets. In developing markets, a bit of a different game where you have to be very mindful of the price points and the affordability lenses. So if you cross certain price points, clearly your product will become out of reach for a lot of consumers. But in developed markets we see smaller packs and more functional benefits driving what I would say positive pricing environment. Then also we see more consumption in convenience channels, channels where consumers are willing to be a bit less price sensitive and they pay more for every transaction. So those are trends that you could see as positive trends for the category. I dont know, Hugh, if you --
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I totally agree with Im going to say a lot of the same things. The only small pieces I would add to it. Number one, Dara, in particular with Frito-Lay Sabra where we record the volume but we dont capture the revenue, we only pick it up in equity income, that was about a 1 point drag on Frito-Lays volume. So if you take that out, then Frito-Lays volume to revenue looks a little bit closer obviously. And then number two is, as Ramon said, I think in developed markets we probably can expect a couple points of visual and then a couple points of consumer-driven mix that will enable us to get pricing in the future. So that I think is a reasonable expectation going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys. So I just want to go back to the investments that youve been making now over the past six months and where you expect that to appear in the top line? Is it rate? Is it mix? Is it volume? Ramon, I appreciate your commentary in the first question about price rationality in the marketplace certainly, but the incrementality of the investment I would have imagined would like to show up in one of the top line drivers and were not quite seeing it yet. So just trying to understand how you think about the investment and where its supposed to appear, the ROI of that and whether youre adjusting anything? Does it look like its actually showing up in your particular results in terms of incremental investment, and in particular Im talking about PBNA?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Ali, hi. Good morning. Listen, I wont go into very specifics for each one of the business. What Ill tell you is the philosophy behind this investment, were trying to have a very high growth to sustain a high growth company going forward. I think we have accelerated clearly from the 2%, 3% to sustain 4% to 5% growth. Our ambition is to stay within those parameters, as we said, in the 4% to 6% top line growth and that will require multiple layers of investment across multiple parts of the business. So if youve seen what weve been doing, weve been investing in what you could call more short-term levers of acceleration, whether theyd be new routes in the market, some more selling capacity or improving some of our warehouse and bottlenecks that we had in some of our businesses because of high growth or some of the investments were putting now in capacity because really the demand is quite high for some of our technology. So that you will see reflected  is it being reflected. If youve seen Frito-Lay, 4.5% growth or acceleration in all of the water brands in PBNA or some of the coffees or whatever, it is being reflected. But the big idea I think for us and that is the philosophy of how were investing, how were trying to run the company is how do we keep investing in capabilities that will give us that 4.5% or 5% or 4%, like between the 4% and 6% going forward on a sustained basis and not only the U.S. but really across the company. And those have to do with new capabilities in insights and how do we digitalize the company and how do we what we call precision at scale and how do we execute our portfolios in every store with the right level of insights and precision. And we have closed loops on execution so that our people can execute consistently at those high levels. How do we continue to innovate in new platforms and have the right amount of resources to invest in new platforms versus taking money from the core and giving to those new platforms. So that is the philosophy and thats what were doing. And to tell you the truth, were pretty happy with the way the business is responding, the way were seeing our market share evolving in our key markets and markets to be in the future. So I think we feel pretty good. And then the investment will come in all the different areas that I told you. But with this idea of sustained high performance at top line, that will be the big driver of value for you guys as shareholders of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning. So, Ramon, I think you cited improvement in NAB particularly around the Pepsi trademark and Mountain Dew, but I guess one area thats still somewhat soft is Gatorade. So may be from your perspective if you can talk a little bit about what youre seeing from a Gatorade standpoint? Obviously, you have innovation around the trademark with the Bolt24, so how does that kind of fit into the strategy and when you think that we should see some more tangible improvement on that brand? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning. Listen, Gatorade is clearly a big brand for us and one that is very solid with the consumer. All the metrics on the brand are fantastic in terms of consumer engagement and consumer brand equity in all dimensions very strong. Now what were doing is innovating against that umbrella. The big innovation we  you mentioned Bolt but the big innovation is Gatorade Zero. So with Gatorade Zero weve been able to expand the consumer base of the brand to some consumers that actually were athletes but they put a lot of I guess emphasis on sugar and therefore the less of some of the occasions that they were consuming the brand to move into other opportunities. So now with Gatorade Zero weve seen that were expanding again the consumer base of the brand and thats going to be very incremental for us going forward. Were seeing incrementality for the category, were seeing incrementality for the brand. Gatorade Zero is already the number one Zero sports drink in the country by quite a distance I would say and we see every week the velocity of the brand improving. So I think that this is a brand that will be very big for us. Now Propel is another big opportunity for us in sports drink and sports hydration and we see Propel growing also double digit consistently for the last few years. Its a brand intended for what we call more casual exercisers and were trying to give them a good combination of hydration with lower calories. Thats working very well. Were now adding vitamins and some other positive functionality. And then we have Bolt. Bolt24 is a new platform for us. Its going to be a functional platform trying to cater into the athlete off the field. I think the consumption is going to be off the field. Were trying to give hydration to the athlete during the day with functional benefits that are all natural. Now Bolt24 is watermelon water plus sea salt. Thats how the consumer will get its electrolytes. And then were adding some vitamins for antioxidants and whatever. And you will see more innovation coming under that platform that will be off the field functionality for the core athlete. Were very positive about the image, the functionality, the brand that we can create around Bolt that its going to be one more example of how Gatorade understands consumers and continues to innovate again all the needs of consumers in the sports arena. So were very positive about the continued share of market development that we have in this segment and how we will be able to grow the category which is at the end our biggest responsibility as leader of the category.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping we could talk a little bit about the international strategy. So, Ramon, youve talked about sort of this like challenger stronghold battleground framework for thinking about markets. I would just hoping you could maybe shed a little bit more light on kind of the investment priorities, whether you want to talk about by geography, by category? And do you think kind of the game changer for you in accelerating performance or market share performance is about  is it more about innovation or is it more about capabilities and execution? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Listen, we see international as a huge growth opportunity for this company, long term and I think weve been growing international 2x to 3x the U.S. growth for the last few years, I think that should continue in the future when you see the per caps of both our snacks and our beverage categories around the world and the U.S. We see a lot of opportunities in snacks by moving unpackaged to package. Thats a huge trend. Were seeing that our snacks business benefits a lot by urbanization and as we see people moving into big cities in developing markets, thats a huge opportunity. We have a very good label on how we develop per caps of our snacks business. I think we keep qualifying that better and better and we have a very, I think quite an advantaged playbook and were then studying that in many markets around the world. So you should see us continue to invest in our snacks business internationally and that should be a big engine of growth for us. When you go to the beverage category, the same principles in terms of how big is the growth opportunity as consumers are moving from I would say non-commercial liquids to more commercial liquids everywhere in the world. And there the new ones in our strategy is obviously we have another competitor that is trying to develop the category with us. And then we have to be smart where we have a [indiscernible] I would say a higher growth share  higher share position versus a medium share position versus a low share position and our studies need to change obviously. It doesnt mean that were not going to aspire to gain share in every single market around the world, but the tools we use and the number of complexities we chose to add to the business will be different depending on the market position we play in every market. So thats the nuance between the beverage and the snacks business. You should see international as a huge growth opportunity for us globally for many, many years to come and I think were realizing them. You see the numbers that were positing every quarter and they show both the top line and the bottom line opportunity that that has for PepsiCo going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Great. Thanks. So maybe to build on some of what you said I think in response to Alis question, I just wanted to step back and validate your confidence in being able to resume your long-term algorithm come 2020 that 4% to 6% top line, 20 to 30 basis points margin improvement formula, because despite the first half investments your guidance as Hugh highlighted in his remarks seems to allow for some deceleration in the back half on the tougher comps. So I guess Im first trying to understand how confident you are in your ability to maintain first half top line momentum not only in the back half but out to 2020 and beyond? And then secondly to the extent you are able to sustain or accelerate the top line from here, do you see all businesses now being in a position to contribute to necessary margin improvement come 2020 or will certain businesses require another year of more investment beyond 2019? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Listen, I think obviously we stayed true to the long-term guidance that we gave a few months ago, right, like five or six months ago. We thought very carefully about that framework for growth and we obviously are seeing that. Were capable of delivering that and we have the portfolio  categories of portfolio of geographies that allow us to deliver that on a sustained basis assuming that we make the right choices around productivity and investments and we make the right choices on where we put this money for investment, the capabilities were building and where were planning to innovate and we stay true to that long-term framework. Remember when we talked about the investment year for 2019, we said  first, we did a few things, right, in the process. First, we looked at existing budgets and we tried to reallocate those budgets into the areas that would give us a better return, so that will be internal. Second, we said were going to really double down on our productivity and that productivity will be reinvested for growth and were doing that in the sense that our productivity is quite strong and were investing. And third, we said we probably need a year of additional reinvestments that would put a solid foundation for the years to come whether it is in A&M, whether its in some of the other capabilities we talked about on capacities in terms of manufacturing or supply chain. So were doing all that. With that we feel pretty good about the future. The company as youve seen in many of our industry, we need to keep investing to transforming ourselves. So this is I think a never ending story for the future in terms of systems, in terms of new technologies, in terms of adding new brands. So there will continue to be additional investment needs in the company going forward. I think we can fund most of them with our productivity efforts and reallocate an existing budget which a company of our size we can make a lot of discretionary decisions on what our priority is year-after-year. So I dont know, Hugh, do you have anything else to add? But thats how we see as a management team the following three, four years.
Hugh Johnston: Right. I agree with that. And Steve just to add a little bit to it, as Ramon mentioned, we said we expect to be back on algorithm come 2020. You know as a management team weve been pretty disciplined about talking about next year in February when we get to next year. So I think with the context Ramons given you, well talk about it in more details next February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Thanks. Good morning. I have a follow up and then a margin question. So can you comment on the state of the consumer in the U.S., as alluded before, the results this morning have been supportive but this kind of data has been softer as of late. Is this just the timing or weather related or are you guys seeing the consumer a bit more cautious? And on the gross margin, Hugh, you had called out the timing of commodity pressures in the first quarter earnings and into the second quarter, but the gross margins too expanded well. So have we cycled most of the pressures? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning, Andrea. Two comments on the consumer and then Hugh can talk on the gross margin. Were seeing in our snacks business, micro snacks pretty healthy growth. Were seeing good acceleration versus previous years. A number of locations are going up. The price per location is going nicely as you saw and were capturing above fair share of that growth as a company. So snacks see a lot of good tailwinds. In terms of beverages, its been a little bit erratic and quite linked to weather actually. So weve seen  if you take Q2, the second quarter, we had a fantastic April, but then somehow a lower May and June from the scans point of view because the weather has been quite wetter and cold and that obviously impacts some parts of the category, especially the hydration-related parts of the business. Were seeing it coming back. So its good. We see a healthy consumer, a consumer where price statistics are good and so we cannot see any signals that tells us that consumer is slowing down, at least in our categories, right, which are low priced, quite routine categories that are very well penetrated, very high penetrated across all the U.S.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And then on gross margins, Andrea, yes, youre right. I mentioned in the last call I think that the tougher comparisons were in the first half. As you know on commodities, we tend to lock about six to nine months out, so weve got high visibility into the back half and the commodities comparisons in the back half get a little bit easier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Ramon, you mentioned several occasions the effective mix whether premium product, channel mix pack sizes, all of which sound like long-term trends. Can you give us a bit of a read on how much mix contributed in this quarter? And then also given thats where it seems like much of the CapEx is going and where your capabilities are expanding, how we should maybe think about mix as part of your algorithm longer term?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Kaumil, its Hugh. Im happy to comment on that. Obviously, it moves around quite a bit depending on which portion of the year were in, which businesses are doing well, but its probably been on average contributing about 1 point.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, if you think about some of the capabilities were trying to build for the company and were not the only ones in this consumer goods space, then building this capability is net revenue management. Net revenue management is a combination of insights, analytics and ability to manage channels and consumer innovation and branding and that is a capability were going to keep evolving, right, because the likelihood of consumers willing to pay for the same thing its going to reduce, right, going forward. So we need to be able to give the consumer much more value through different ways and thats the capability we are I think good at, were going to get better at. And the fact that we tend to control our execution all the way to the consumer in many channels, I think that gives us a competitive advantage going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC.
Nik Modi: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Ramon, maybe you can just give us the state of the union on the NAB reorganization, any early learnings, any hiccups, anything you can share on that would be helpful? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, thats good. Thank you for asking. This is going to be I think a factor to our continued sustained performance in the future in NAB. I think the fact that were able to understand the U.S. market as one full market that enabled to segment it into pieces and execute with local relevance, its going to be I think a driver of growth for us and sustained growth and for us to better serving our customers and much more nuance ways. So that was the intention. As any large restructuring to dealing with people issues, right, Ive seen moving families location to location, all that, I think thats pretty much behind. Now during the summer time, most of the families will move and well have everybody in place and ready to execute full mind. So obviously I think we started in March, now its July; so we had three, four months of a little bit of transition I would say in the business. I think the management has done a great job in terms of working diligently to get people in place and make sure that the employees feel well treated by the company and I think were there. We should see the benefits of what this organization should deliver in the second half of the year, but most importantly this move were making for the future. So in terms of distribution in the more popular parts of the business in terms of how do we serve regional customers, how do we segment our consumer strategies depending on our market positions in the different states, in all those capabilities that we didnt have so much in the past will be reflected in the organization. So were feeling good. But as always it has been a process of people management and talent management and as you can imagine this is a lot of people, right. But its behind us now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could update us on SodaStream and some of your initiatives around reducing or even eliminating packaging? And then are there any examples beyond SodaStream to which you can point where youre actively working again to eliminate packaging? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So, Bonnie, good morning. SodaStream is doing very well. Its exceeding our expectations in terms of the growth potential and the growth execution. So were feeling good. Were understanding more about this platform. Were starting to put more of the PepsiCo capabilities against the SodaStream business, especially around flavors and around some of the consumer experience with flavors which I think were under optimized, direct to consumer opportunities. So were trying to insert some capabilities into SodaStream, but were running it as a separate business that should be agile and nimble and going after actually disrupting the bottle business and thats the strategy and that is how we want to run this business going forward. In terms of how were looking at the plastic waste reduction, a couple of things. Obviously, SodaStream is a big one for us. Then we made some commitments recently in the U.S. and we continue to make commitments across the world in terms of  so what we did in the U.S. and I dont know if you read it recently is LIFEWTR will be a 100% recycled PET brand. Well have no plastics on Bubly and were going to be testing Aquafina in cans in some parts of the U.S., mostly the West Coast. We made a commitment in the European Union that well be 50% recycled by 2030. Were also exploring some circular waste management opportunities with our snacks, bags in Europe, especially in the UK and also in India. So were really exploring a lot of the physical circularity and making some commitments on which baggage and solutions well use. Long term, obviously we have efforts in chemical recycling and new materials and alliances with other players in the value chain of chemical industry and the collection industry and some of our partners in the brand business, the competitors and not competitors, where were trying to make a difference in ingredient and material solutions, chemical recycling, collection systems, everything else to try to minimize this plastic gone into waste versus plastic coming back into our systems and us being able to provide the consumers with what I think very affordable and functional solutions that they dont go to waste. So thats the principal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Kevin Grundy: Ramon, I had a question on a couple of brands in North America beverages. So Mountain Dew which has clearly been an area of focus but the brand continues to lose some share based on what we see in the syndicated data. Can you give us an update there on your strategy to stabilize the share trends? And then maybe you can just briefly touch on Bubly which has done quite well but the distribution has ramped up here and youve spent some money behind advertising? Maybe talk about how you see the opportunity for that brand now with distribution looking rather full? Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you. Yes, youre right on the two diagnostics. I think we have an opportunity in Mountain Dew to recover share and we have a huge opportunity ahead of us in Bubly in creating a whole new category of beverages. So on Dew, we tried to approach  we had to work on Pepsi, we had to work on Mountain Dew, we had to work on Gatorade. I think were feeling good about Pepsi, were feeling good about Gatorade. Now were going fully into Mountain Dew investments. Weve ramped up A&M. Started in April, May were quite heavy across the summer and then Q4. We have a lot of innovation as well that should help the core new consumer to have more options in what is a high loyalty brand. Next to Mountain Dew there is the energy category, right. So were trying to move view into the energy category in small steps. Kickstart was one that we did. Kickstart was a great platform. It decreased a little bit. Its starting to go up again. That should solidify Mountain Dew. And then we just launched Mountain Dew Game Fuel to put one foot into the energy category with a differentiated position more towards the gaming and that kind of demand opportunity. It is doing very well. We plan to continue to innovate in that segment. The numbers you see for Mountain Dew do not include Game Fuel. It is part of the brand but its not in all the information systems. It doesnt show up as part of the new brand. But thats how we see the brand growing. Were investing in the core Dew consumer, very loyal giving them their preferred product in non-sugar and sugar options, innovating in favors in Dew and then moving Dew slowly into other spaces where we think the brand has a role to play and I think were able to formulate products that will be very competitive in that space as well. On Bubly, were super happy really with this opportunity and sparkling water is always  its been underdeveloped in the U.S. if you compare with some of the European markets and we thought it was a big opportunity there. I think the R&D team did an amazing job. We have a very good product and we see that by the levels of repeat and loyalty were creating with some of those flavors. I think the personality of the brand is fun, is modern, is young. So the consumers are coming back to Bubly. Bubly has doubled velocity, really has doubled velocity per point of distribution in the last three, four months after the Super Bowl with this new advertising. I agree with you that theres a lot of distribution opportunities yet and it takes a while for our retailer partners to give these brands that are growing so fast the right space in the store. Obviously, theres a lot of dialogues with our retail partners to expand the Bubly space. So we see this brand as the brand of the future. Were going to be innovating in this brand not only flavors but other occasions that I think we can attack. Youre going to see mini cans, youre going to see larger cans. Its going to be a no plastic brand and I think that is a very good positioning that we can have for this brand going forward for the modern consumer, the millennial and the younger mother that I think is adopting this brand for her kids. So were feeling very good about this brand. This could be one of our next $1 billion brands. Thats our goal with the NAB team and theyre executing every step of the way with a lot of precision, so were very happy with this new brand in our portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Ramon, in you opening comments you talked about evolving the culture of the company. Im wondering if you could give us a little bit more granularity on what that means, perhaps talk about what you saw in the culture as you were there and took the helm, what you liked about it, what you thought needed changing, and then more specifically how youre implementing those changes, how they may be reinforced with your incentive programs? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thanks. Very great question. I think were convinced that the culture will be a competitive advantage for us going forward and thats why the whole management team is spending a lot of time in first defining a set of leadership behavior that we think are core to PepsiCo and we call this the PepsiCo Way. And now rolling out those behaviors across the company in every geography and its been quite exciting to go around the company and see how fast the organization is embracing this behaviors and it makes us very optimistic about the future. The behaviors, theres a few that are critical for you as investors and it should impact our performance. One of them is being very consumer centric. Its how we want to have an organization that creates a lot of value for the company and for the investors by understanding the consumer with a lot of details, making decisions around innovation, but not only innovation but the whole management of the company around the consumer. Thats long term. Thats going to give us a lot of differentiation and market share. Then theres a few values around how  about speed and ownership which I think its  if you think about large companies of our scale and the competitors we have in the marketplace, we need to act with speed and we need to act as owners, right, and thats something that you can lose over time because sometimes we become more internal than we should and we become more process driven than we should. So what were trying to do is make sure that each one of our employees feels that hes an owner of the company and that hes expected to act with empowerment and speed and simplicity. And were trying to simplify our processes and allow people to really behave as owners in the company. Of course, integrity is core to our values and when we operate in so many countries around the world that has to be core to the way we operate. And then there is values around raising talent and diversity and I think would think that long term for companies like ours, bringing in new capabilities and making sure that new generations feel very good in our company would create an environment for them to thrive is critical. So were trying to also put talent and diversity at the center of those leadership behaviors and how we recruit the best and how we make sure that they feel that this is a place where they can make a difference and they can voice their opinions and challenge the status quo and make sure that that is part of how we run the business, right, with diversity and making sure that everyone has a point of view and everyone feels that they have the right to have that point of view heard by everybody around the company. Of course, we can only do a few things and we will have to make the choices and everything else, but that culture is critical. So speed and ownership, the talent and diversity and opinion, consumer centricity, integrity, those are some of the values that we want to reinforce. Its not that we didnt have it, but we think its worth reemphasizing with the final output being a great company that is focused on growth and creates value within the marketplace. And of course we dont want to lose the purpose. I think purpose is critical in any company, in any organization, in any individual today. And especially if you talk to any generations, they feel very strong about making a difference in the planet. So we want to make sure that purpose is part of our commercial strategy that our brands talk purpose, that our commercial teams talk about purpose and our organizations are very well rooted in every community making a difference in how people live around us. So those are the different components of the culture change that were making. As I said, I feel extremely excited because everybodys embracing these and obviously were traveling a lot around the world and when I see how people are talking about those behaviors and that language very consistently across the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Good morning, Ramon and Hugh, and thanks for the opportunity. Building on Laurens question, Id like to understand how you see an international brands or platform expansion in beverages specifically? So we were surprised by the launch of the Lavazza lineup in the UK. Is that the departure from a potential Starbucks partnership outside of the Americas or do you think those brands could potentially coexist in the future, so basically how your coffee strategy is evolving here? And then on Gatorade, we keep talking about the U.S. but Id like to understand your plan to make the brand more available outside of the U.S. please? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Hi, Laurent. So two things on  obviously Starbucks is our very strong partner from years and we value that relationship. Its a super  I would say that were very aligned, were building I think a very powerful business together in the U.S. and some other parts of the world. Unfortunately in Europe, Starbucks had some previous relationships and thats why if we wanted to compete in the coffee space, we needed to find another partner and thats Lavazza, weve chosen Lavazza. So theres nothing in terms of I would say the relationship on the contrary is extremely powerful relationship where were creating a lot of value for both companies. Yes, the European piece is a bit of a separate relationship because of existing contracts, et cetera. In terms of the Gatorade brand, this is really a global brand in terms of consumer understanding and consumer awareness. We made some priorities in the past of Latin America, U.S. and China being the core markets where we want to build this brand. In markets like Western Europe or Eastern Europe, were choosing much more of an ecommerce type of way to develop the brand, so a lighter investment if you wish. But its a big priority for us and its a brand that we think we have a competitive advantage in terms of the product solutions and clearly the brand is very well recognized and its very well perceived by many consumers around the world because of the assets that we have in the sports world and obviously people watch TV everywhere, right, so they can see soccer, football, basketball, any of our assets and the brand continues to develop. So you should see us both working on coffee and sports around the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: Good morning and thank you very much. Just very briefly if you could touch on what youre seeing in terms of the macros in  you mentioned Brazil being very strong than some other countries, is Brazil really just a one-time comp issue? But more importantly was a more strategic question around price mix realization because historically in the world of bottling where you own distribution, price mix is more valuable than volume because theres less incremental cost associated with that than delivering new volume, and so Im just wondering if over time that holds true, that your margins will improve as a function of price mix improving, given that you own your distribution?
Hugh Johnston: Got you. Caroline, its Hugh. In general, I think that the macros down in Brazil are slowly improving. We talked about the fact that we were lapping some extraordinary things which made for our very high growth rate in the quarter in Brazil. But I do think we see the macros there slowly improving. In addition to that we are using the playbook that Ramon referred to in terms of building out our salty snack business and being very methodical about it. Its a business that Ive been around for a long time and its gone through multiple cycles, but I really do feel that with the leadership we have both at the sector level as well as at the business unit level, weve got the right people to execute and build that business in a very solid foundational brick-by-brick way to build another good profit platform for PepsiCo. As regards the specifics of the beverage business, I think our interest with the bottler in that market very well aligned. So we benefit both from volume and from price mix and I expect well continue to work closely with them to improve whats obviously a relatively small beverage business for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bill Chappell: A question on the energy category. I get and I think most do that youre not interested in buying some of the smaller brands that are out there, but Im surprised that we havent heard or seen something about a Pepsi energy drink. And I understand that Mountain Dew and you have other kind of plays in the energy market, but is there something on the cola flavor, you dont think that plays as well in the energy market or you dont see as much opportunity be it outside the U.S. for the Pepsi brand and other flavors for the Pepsi brand. Just trying to understand especially with what Coke has said and kind of their optimism about the Coke energy product, why we havent seen a Pepsi energy product?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, good question. Energy is clearly a growing market across the world and we think the consumer will continue to ask for products that give them that functionality of higher energy or a boost. Were approaching this from many angles, right; from the coffee, from the sports, from obviously the energy category itself. And were capturing some of those locations already now. In the case of the U.S. energy, we have a pretty good partner for many years which is Rockstar being our partner and weve been playing in this segment for a few years together and its working also in some international markets. So we plan obviously to continue that relationship innovating and seeing how we can accelerate our participation in that growth category. With regards to Pepsi energy or Coke energy, those are  were all trying I think as a strategy to make our global brands play in more spaces, right. So were trying to do that with Lays, were trying to do that with Doritos or were trying to do that with Pepsi. Pepsi actually if you see our growth, internationally its a lot on flavors, Pepsi flavors, its a lot on Pepsi non-sugar, Zero, and obviously Pepsi regular in multiple formats. I think we will keep expanding Pepsi into other spaces whether its energy or some other spaces you will see when we get to the market. If you think about the core energy consumer, its looking for something different than what brand Coke or brand Pepsi can offer. Im not saying that there will not be occasions where some of those consumers will go into our brands, but I think theyre looking for different propositions. And if you think about Red Bull or Monster or Rockstar or some of the other brands that are capturing majority of that space, they have a very different proposition. So Im not saying its not a big business opportunity, Im saying that its not going to be the center of the category. But more to see in the coming quarters and of course well keep thinking about how do we make our global brands play in more spaces, because that is a very high return on investment normally for us, as you can see with Gatorade Zero, with Pepsi Zero, when you put your big brands into new spaces that is a huge, huge business opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Sharma of BMO Capital.
Amit Sharma: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Amit Sharma: Ramon, a question for you. You talked about stronger growth in the convenience store channel as one of the reasons for maybe a little bit more price/mix that we saw, especially for the snacks business. Can you talk about that dynamic in terms of online? As you grow your online business, should that also be a price/mix positive from a relative contribution perspective and then the relative size of your business in online at this time?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Amit, its Hugh. Yes, what we said in the past is our online business is over $1 billion and generally speaking it is going to tend towards smaller packages, so its not going to be that the multi  it will tend towards multi packs and singles and things like that. So generally speaking that is going to be a positive from a mix perspective. Obviously, were in very early days on online but my expectation is as that market continues to evolve, it will be both premium and in all likelihood more singles and multi packs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean King of UBS.
Sean King: Hi. Thanks. I believe you mentioned a few specific reinvestment areas over the last couple of quarters including a small can capacity and Frito Variety packs. Where do you stand against those specific initiatives and are you still I guess capacity constrained?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, were putting capacity against that. As I mentioned before, I think this is going to be a long-term consumer trend. Consumers are looking for variety packs and consumers are looking for smaller portion bags. So weve put a lot of capacity in place. What were seeing that the more capacity we put, we still are behind demand in some of those bags in some of the geographies around the world. So we will have to keep investing in those formats. And its a great problem to have I would say that you have a lot of demand for your business and that you need to put capacity at very high margin parts of your business. So yes, I think were putting capacity but were seeing that the consumer is ready to buy more of our products in those formats. So youll see more of that  of those CapEx going in the future. So thank you for the time and participation in the call. Its been a very I think open and good dialogue. To conclude, were pleased with our results for the second quarter and for the first half of the year. Were executing well against our key priorities. We remain on track to achieve our 2019 financial goals and we thank you for the confidence that youve placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCos second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-17 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. I'm joined this morning by PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO Hugh Johnston. We'll begin today's call with some brief prepared comments from Ramon and Hugh and then we'll open the call up to your questions. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2019 guidance and long-term targets, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. When discussing our financial results on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from our reported results. Such items include the impacts of certain tax-related matters, foreign exchange translations, acquisitions, divestitures, structural and other changes, and restructuring charges. You should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website under the earnings information tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Ramon Laguarta.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning everyone. About two months ago, we shared with you in some detail our priorities for the business and our financial goals for 2019. So today we're keeping our prepared comments short, just touching on the highlights for the quarter, and then we will leave enough time to get to all your questions. I'll start by simply saying that we're very pleased with our results for the first quarter. Our rate of organic revenue growth accelerated to 5.2%, our highest rate of quarterly growth in more than three years. This top line performance was broad based, with particularly strong organic revenue growth at Frito-Lay North America, which grew 6% and our international divisions, while negatively affected on a quarterly basis by FOREX and refranchising, delivered organic revenue growth of 8% in ESSA and 10% in both Latin America and AMENA. We also had solid growth and continued progress at PepsiCo beverages North America where organic revenue was up 2.5% in the quarter. We invested as planned across our businesses and these included a double digit increase in advertising and marketing. And our productivity and restructuring actions were implemented according to plan. Our strong performance in the quarter is emblematic of a number of key strengths in the business. Amongst then, the health and resilience of our categories, our leading brands, a broad based portfolio capable of evolving to satisfy consumer thesis and while develop geographic footprints with some positions in our largest markets, suite of strong and relevant capabilities across the value chain, scale that allow us to run our operations very efficiently. And of course, our highly engaged and motivated associates, we execute every day in a way that enables us to win in the marketplace. So with strong start to the year and one quarter under our belt, we remain confident in achieving the 2019 financial goals we shared with you two months ago. Looking ahead, we're staying focused on the priorities we share with you in February. Namely, to accelerate our top line growth in a sustainable way, to compete more effectively to win in most of our markets and more rapidly evolve our capabilities to widen our advantages versus the competition. To achieve these objectives, we're focused on becoming faster, stronger and better. We'll become faster by being more consumer centric and accelerating investment for top line growth and winning in the marketplace. This means, broadening our portfolio and packaging formats to win locally, fortifying our North American business businesses by investing in Frito-Lay North America and PepsiCo Beverages North America, and accelerating our international expansion with a discipline focus on right to win markets. We'll become stronger by transforming our capabilities and our culture. This means, driving savings through holistic cost management, to reinvest in the marketplace. Developing and scaling the core capabilities necessary to better understand and meet new consumer trends, strengthen our brands and improve customer service and building a differentiated organization, talent base and culture. And finally, we'll become better by integrating our purpose agenda into our business strategy with a particular focus on four critical initiatives. First, advancing farming practices to optimize crop yields, protect human rights, improve farmer livelihoods and secure supplier; second, replenishing more water than we use in water stress areas; third, creating a circular economy for plastics and fourth, increasing the appeal of our products by reducing added sugars, sodium unsaturated fats and adding more positive ingredients. The entire organization from the board to our frontline is moving forward with urgency and we look forward to updating you on our progress as the year progresses. And now let me hand it off to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you Ramon and good morning everyone. I have just a few comments on the balance of your outlook. As we mentioned in the release, we are reiterating each of the components of our 2019 guidance, namely, we continue to expect organic revenue growth of 4%, a core effective tax rate of approximately 21%, core constant currency EPS to decline approximately 1%, free cash flow of approximately $5 billion and total cash returned to shareholders of approximately $8 billion comprised of dividends of approximately $5 billion and share repurchases of approximately $3 billion. With both organic revenue growth and core constant currency EPS drop, higher in Q1 than in our full year targets, that implies the growth rate for the balance of the year will be below the Q1 growth rates. So let me address how you should think about that starting with the top line. First, the rate of organic revenue growth at FLNA inQ1 was extraordinary. We don't expect that rate of growth to continue for the balance of the year. And second, Q1 represented our easiest lap of the year, so balance of year laps will be more difficult, especially in the back half of the year. From an EPS perspective, you should consider the following. One, in Q1 we had the benefit of lapping the onetime frontline bonus from 2018 and we also benefited from approximately $50 million of insurance recoveries in the current year. Two, over the balance of the year we will be lapping gains from various strategic asset sales, and we're franchising gains and insurance recoveries, most notably in Q2. Three, our rate of net commodity inflation, which includes the impact of transactional foreign exchange, is expected to accelerate in the second quarter and finally, our pace of planned reinvestment will accelerate over the course of the year and you will see this reflected both in core EPS, as well as in our operating margin performance. Now we'll open it up for your questions. Operator, we'll take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from a line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Lauren Lieberman: I was curious if we could talk a little bit about gross margins, obviously really solid in the quarter kind of as expected, but I was curious about one, in the near term PEM have next year let's call it thinking about commodity inflation environment, so on how you might expect that to progress and then also longer term as mixing the portfolio evolves, I guess category mix within Beverages, price tier ins and I think you've talked about in emerging markets. How should we think about gross margins from a longer term perspective? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy too Lauren, it's Hugh. A couple of things, one, obviously, we don't give gross margin guidance. So I'll talk more conceptually then I will specifically to numbers. We were obviously pleased with gross margins in the first quarter. But as I just mentioned, we do expect to see more commodity inflation in the balance of the year and transactional for export pressure commodities as well. So I think in the first quarter we saw probably, I call it very strong gross margin performance, in the balance of the year, we'll see how it plays out based on how FX and commodities play out. Longer term, obviously, we're looking to increase gross margins over time and that's driven primarily by productivity in the cost of goods area.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Lauren, there's a three capabilities we're working on to make sure we protect our gross margins long term expanded, one is net revenue management, key capability. Other one is innovation. And the other one is holistic cost management. So those three capabilities are the ones where we'll invest in and developing the team to make sure that we protect gross margin long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning. So obviously, a pretty strong quarter from an organic revenue growth perspective, particularly as you called out some of the international markets in ESSA and AMENA, maybe you can give us a little bit more color just in terms of what you've seen in category versus your market share in some of your key markets. And, Hugh, you commented on sort of the strength in ESSA not repeating in the back half the year, so maybe a little bit more color, just why you don't think that that will be sustainable in the balance of the year. Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi Judy, this is Ramon. Yeah, we're very pleased with the growth in international and really the macros have been very, very positive, I would say, during the quarter. We haven't seen any major geopolitical or big evaluation in any of our markets. So with your comments on ESSA, we've been investing in ESSA for many years now in building sustainable market place performance and that's coming across and most of our markets are gaining share both in beverages and snacks. Turkey has been the only country where we've seen some FOREX disruption and the team is doing a great job going through that. The same in AMENA where we had a great Chinese New Year, very, very strong Chinese New Year, the team prepared very well and we're getting better at capturing that. That's big seasonal opportunity there in that large market. So we're seeing very positive thing with Mexico. Mexico has had a great a great quarter gaining share consistently already for three quarters and continues to be a very solid performing business. So we've seen good macros and good performance across most of our operations.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah and Judy, just to clarify, the only thing I'd add about the laps, my comment about the laps being tougher in the back half of the year are about the company laps, not just specifically about ESSA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess my question - Ramon, I know it's early in the year, but you now have the ability to begin the kind of measure or assess the efficacy of the step up in marketing and advertising, especially in PBNA, so I guess can you give us some color on whether you think A, it's going to be enough and B, are you beginning to see the consumer response to lift from the investments that you're making?
Ramon Laguarta: Hi, Bryan, Yeah, of course, listen it's a third quarter of growth in NAB, so we feel good about the progress we're making in NAB. We feel good about our capital variance. First, I think we're really strengthening the brands. We feel very good about how Pepsi is performing. So yes, the investment in Pepsi and some of the portfolio innovation and especially packaging innovation is working very well in Pepsi. We're seeing an improvement in Gatorade, the velocity of Gatorade is improving as well. I think we have some more work to do in Dew and we will be investing more in Dew during the year. So we feel good about that part of our investments. I think what we feel really good is of our innovation; innovation is really working very well in North America Beverages. If you think about LIFEWTR, third year of growth, doubling velocities as we increase distribution, still the velocity is going is going very fast. We're, feeling very good about Game Fuel, some of the innovation we have in the energy area. Gatorade Zero is going to be a big incremental opportunity for us. It's driving category growth and its driving share for Gatorade, so we feel good about our innovation and some of our brand investments. The areas where we are still working on his execution on excellence and we made the new division structure that's going to help us a lot in terms of becoming a much more stronger local operator whilst keeping a very good customer service or large national customer. So we keep investing in that area, but I will feel good about the velocity of the brands, as I mentioned, the innovation and we'll get better execution as we invest and take maximum benefit from the new organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. So I actually have two questions. One is just a clarification on the one timers because as we add them up and understand last year about the transfer covers everything else, it seems like there's about $100 million swing from last year to this year in these one timers are about $0.05 a share. And I just want to make sure we're kind of getting to roughly the right number as you guys think about it. And that's probably for Hugh. And then the broader question is about the ROI and the nature reinvestments. Not because 5% organic sales growth isn't good, I mean, we thought you ran up to five, you ran it down to five, so that's all great. But it's really in North America driven more by price mix versus volume. So trying to understand the nature of the reinvestments that we would expect a little bit more, I guess volume driven or demand building type investments given the plans you laid out before for marketing et cetera. So those two questions would be really helpful please. Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Hey, Ali its Hugh. I'll take the question around one timers, depending on what you characterize it as one time, I think that's about right $100 million swing. In addition to that, obviously, the tax rate was higher in the quarter this year, but I think $100 million swing is about right.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. And on the investment Ali, I think it's still pretty much your - to get any good readings on the return on investment. However, we've seen, as I said, velocity of the brands improving, we're seeing market share recovering in a lot of the segments. We're seeing the brand equity better. We're seeing some of our numerical distribution and customer service, KPIs improving, so we feel good about how our investments in turn, turn it into positive operating numbers. And we feel good about the progress we're making.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Yeah, hi, thank you. So I wanted to just follow up on FLNA and volumes continue to be strong on a serious spec and running about 3% in pricing the same way. I was just wondering if you can give us comfort that you're seeing good quality on that growth and I think you called out in the queue on the big franchises I assume running at a very high pace. So if you can comment on how you're seeing the progress into the goal of this 5% and how sustainable you see it going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Good morning Andrea. The category and savories is performing very, very well in the US and I think it's a combination of our investments. Obviously, we have a big share of this category and some other players investing. We are obviously having a very good partnership with our customers building - increasing the space of this category in the store. So it's a compounded impact of multiple factors that is driving the category. Within this category Frito-Lay is improving its share performance as well. So we've seen the doubled impact of that. You were referring to pricing. And we're getting better at net revenue management and how we're capturing the maximum pricing of every occasion and Frito has done a great job of managing their mix to obviously maximize revenue of the demand that there is in the market. And then they've made some operational adjustments to some of the supply chain bottlenecks that we had in the past and we've been able to capture some of the seasonal opportunity, especially around Super Bowl I would say in a very, very impactful way together with our Beverages business as well. So we had a very good Super Bowl, so you put it all together and the category is healthy. I think this category we're going to have strong tailwinds as consumers. We've talked this in the past; consumers go into more unstructured meals during the day. So I think we have tailwinds, plus our investments, I think are accelerating the performance of these categories. So we feel good about Frito. Obviously, also, we're working on productivity and make sure that the business continues to generate efficiencies through invest; make sure that this model is sustainable long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: All right, thank you, good morning. I wanted to ask about CSDs, there's a fairly wide delta remaining between your share performance and that of your largest branded competitor, especially in the US. So could you guys update us on some of your initiatives in CSDs, specifically innovation which you didn't mention any plans that I heard? And then how successful has your stepped up spending been in that category specifically? And then finally, I guess I'd like to understand how big of a priority CSDs are relative to your other beverage categories in terms of the investment spend and allocation of resources. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, good. So of course CSD is a very critical category for us. And we talked about that we need to have a balanced growth between CSDs and then NCBs if we really want to make progress in this business. So from that point of view it's clear that we're turning both segments of the market with a very clear intention of allocation of resources with CSDs taking a very important role for us. Within CSDs our first priority was Pepsi and we started investing in Pepsi last year. The good news is that the Pepsi brand is gaining share of CSDs already. And pretty good growth compared to our Cola competitor. So we feel good about that large segment of CSDs. Now, as I said before, we're working on Dew. Dew is - it's also improving its performance in its core portfolio and we have some laps that are over as of March, so you will see an improvement in CSD share. We continue to invest. Again you'll see, I didn't mention the innovation, there is innovation on dew brand. Game Fuel is one of the innovations in dew brand. We have other innovations coming up this summer that you guys will be able to see in the marketplace and you'll see some very strong activations of the brand coming up in the summer. So we feel good about Pepsi and it's a combination of brand, is a combination of - non-sugar doing very well, mini-cans doing very well, so the portfolio transformation we've made as well is helping us to - for Pepsi to outgrow the CSD market and now Dew is the next area of focus and I'm confident we'll see performance improvement in the next quarters in Dew.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen & Company.
Vivien Azer: Hi, thank you. Good morning.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Vivien Azer: So I was just hoping also to talk about Beverages and ask for an update on SodaStream, how that's going and any update on your thinking on the role that'll play in your broader beverage initiative. Thanks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, I think we talked during the strategic review. SodaStream is a long term strategic bet for ads and it's in multiple dimensions. One is we think consumers will be looking for customization of their beverages solutions at home and I think SodaStream, it is a very good tool to provide that to consumers. Obviously, we're going to innovate in improving the flavor experience and other options for consumers to really capture that need. Obviously, there is a sustainability angle to SodaStream and we think that we can provide consumers with very good beverage experiences without packaging, without ways and that's I think a big plus for these effort [ph]. The performance is good; it's accelerated versus the past. We're not going to disclose specifics, but if you know the past performance of SodaStream, it is accelerating. The penetration in most of the European countries, which is the number one KPI we're measuring, keeps increasing, the same in Canada, the same in the US, which are the largest markets for this business. So we feel good about the operational results and we feel good about the value that PepsiCo as a company is adding to SodaStream, especially in the areas of R&D and flavor innovation, customer relationships and some of the direct to consumer opportunities that this business has.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] of Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, everybody, good morning. Ramon presumably when you first started you developed a one year, three year, five year plan and such in, as we think about that, do we think about this year's investment spending as a bit of a one and done and the investment becomes part of the base and we're back to algorithm or do you think of it as this is the first full year we have some critical things to do and then next year there's a new set of initiatives that require further step up to hold momentum or maybe or maybe even something different.
Ramon Laguarta: No, when we talked in February we were quite clear I think on this is a year where we - we are obviously taking some of our internal monies and redirecting them that we needed some additional investments to make sure that we stepped up our performance in some areas. And also, we're starting to create some capabilities that will hopefully drive the sustained performance in the future. So we will remain with the same investment position as we said in February.
Hugh Johnston: And to add to that, and just to reiterate what Ramon was saying kind of, we talked about next year we will be back on long term algorithm so don't worry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: Thanks very much, and good morning. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the other categories in Beverages. They stepped up competition coming in coffee. We're just seeing a lot of new brands as well as the monster coffee business is doing pretty well and then needless to say energy and again some great new brands, but in Sports and Energy and almost a merging of those two categories. So if you could talk about your approach to defending share in coffee and to growing against Energy and Sports against the newer players that would be really helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, different market positions in different segments, right. So in Energy we're challengers and our portfolio in Energy clearly innovates to move on to space as the current players are not playing. So we're addressing Energy from the coffee market, we're addressing Energy from energy, like Game Fuel with specific positioning within that narrower but probably more functional. And so we are challengers and we want to have that mentality of going after existing leaders in this category and trying to get market share from that segment. In the other two categories that you mentioned our critical role is to keep building the - make sure that those categories remain very healthy and they keep growing above our LRB and that's what's happening with coffees and with sports drinks. They're both growing fast. Our biggest innovation in beverages is Gatorade Zero, I think it's going to be a very good innovation, very incremental to the category and good for our for our show market. We're investing big into Gatorade Zero and we're investing big into Gatorade. Of course Propel is doing very well and so we have a broad based approach to the sports category and we see our velocity is improving. When it comes to coffee the same approach that we think our role is to continue to innovate in this category and make sure that we premiumize at the same time we value, we cover all the different spaces where the category can go and we see our Starbucks coffee partnership very strong and clearly growing above what is the average of our company, so very accretive. Some of these players are coming into our categories. Some of them they stay for a long time, some of them, they come in and then two years later they're not there. So our approach to these categories is sustained innovation, consumer insights to drive the category long term. keep investing; make sure that we keep driving the growth, the margin expansion of those categories long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Thanks and good morning. So Ramon you talked to the category about the importance of investing among other areas in more impactful science and design led innovation and you've highlighted on this call just in response for last question some of the initiatives you have underway this year is related to beverages. But when you step back, how would you assess the 2019 innovation and new product pipeline globally, relative to what you hope to bring to market in 2020 or '21. And where might you say you see the most room for incremental improvement there.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, listen, as part of the capabilities we're building is this one that you refer to, I think it's critical for us to continue to drive the growth of our categories, continue to create value for our customers in sustained way, right and that's where we are investing. We'll talk to you in the probably in this summer about how we are looking at innovation. And from the capability point of view how we're segmenting different ways of innovate. I think it's very different how you do a local refresh innovation versus what are the big bets for the company versus how do you do lift and adapt and lift and shift globally, which is a huge opportunity as you can imagine for a global company. So we'll talk more in the future, but in all of the capabilities that we're investing heavily and we're refurbishing money from other costs, lines of our P&L into capabilities, it is innovation and it is especially the different types of innovation that you were talking about. We feel good about 2019 from the innovation point of view, and then the fact that we're growing 5.2%, it is a reflection of we're growing the core, but we're also adding some new segments that are very incremental to our top line and also to our categories and our customers who we want to position ourselves as a key growth contributor to our customers through innovation, through category growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. A few related questions on Frito-Lay North America. First, you mentioned that you expect the growth to slow as the year progresses. Is that purely a function of tougher comps? Second, can you talk about the impact of mix in the quarter both in terms of the pricing and volume? And third, I think it's mentioned in the 10-Q that you had double digit declines in Sentidos, if you could talk a little bit about what's going on there. Thank you very much.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hey Robert, its Hugh, I'll handle that one. Some of the commentary I gave on Frito-Lay with performance penalty year is driven by the laps as you've anticipated. In addition to that, we had a particularly good January as we had some tightening in areas of our supply chain, we address those issues, and we really had a very big Super Bowl, bigger than we've had in previous years because we unlocked some areas of the supply chain. So I think that was a big driver for the quarter, obviously that's a onetime event. We don't see that repeating over the balance of the year because it was much more driven by January challenges. Regarding mix in the quarter, it was quite positive. So we certainly feel good about where Frito-Lay mix is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning.
Amit Sharma: Ramon, you mentioned good macros in most of your markets during the quarter. Can you just outline for us, how do you see that evolving for the rest of the year? IMF recently cut down global growth out a little bit. Can you just talk about how you see that developing for the rest of the year as well please?
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, happy to - listen, we're seeing very good demand for our categories globally, right. So obviously, I mean, we sell snacks and we sell beverages, so low price point product. So sometimes the big GDP fluctuations are driven by other components of the GDP and not so much consumption of our category. So the way we tend to look at our businesses is, is employment good, is wages and salaries are they moving in the right direction. So we see that stay and we don't see any reasons why in the US or in some of our big markets they just change it. FOREX has a big impact to our P&L, especially in markets where we - some of the supply chain comes from outside of the country. And so far FOREX has been good, it's been stable in the ruble, the Euro, the peso, Mexican peso, so some of our big markets, the FOREX has been good. So our estimates are that it's going to continue to be quite stable. Having said that, there's always possibility obviously of geopolitical events or some others that might disrupt some of the demand, but at this point we feel good about the projections for macros for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks Good morning. Just want to go back to North American Beverage and just try to understand your commentary. You said you're pleased with the kind of progress of CSDs in the quarter that Pepsi was kind of gaining share and pleased with the progress there, but really kind of two quarters removed or really one quarter removed from changing the strategy, reinvesting and kind of taking a step back. So trying to understand are things moving faster than you expected? Was advertising have a bigger impact than you expected this quarter or are we still expect - are there still a kind of a step change from here.
Ramon Laguarta: No, I think the teams are doing a great job and things are coming as planned, right. So is a combination innovation, is a combination of good advertising, quantity of advertising, execution in stores and Pepsi has been the focus of our execution in stores, implementing the innovation and also improving the looks of the product. So things are coming as planned, as you said, three, quarters into this turnaround strategy and we're pleased with the results. I mean, growing above CSD category, I think is a very good output of the inputs that we put into this plan. We feel good about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning Ramon and Hugh. I like to focus my question on the profitability of your international segments those increased significantly. Could you give us more color on where the improvement is coming from and how sustainable that is in the coming quarters? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah happy too Laurent, I mean, we saw profitability improvement across all three of the big segments. We did benefit to some degree in both Russia and in Mexico from some insurance recoveries and we put all that in the end the disclosure so you can you can back those onetime items out. That said, we saw good solid fundamental operating profit performance improvement basically across there, the big segments even ex those gains.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jeffries?
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Good morning. This question I hope it just has housekeeping for Hugh, free cash flow conversion for the business longer term, understanding that you're ramping up some spending this year. What's the right free cash flow conversion and what period of time you think you can return to it? And then the strategic question for Ramon, I'm just trying to reconcile some of your comments on sports drinks with what we're seeing in the scan data from a market share perspective with PepsiCo down excuse me Gatorade down 360 basis points in the most recent four weeks and over the past year, down close to 400 basis points. So when should we expect to see that get better? I'm sure that cannot be satisfying and then not we'd expect going forward? When should we expect to see some of those trends get better and is there anything tactically you need to do differently? Whether this is more advertising, your promo is down quite a bit, your competitors is up materially. So question is around Gatorade and anything you need to do tactically and when do share trends get better? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Why don't I handle the free cash flow question first? We don't get specific guidance on free cash flow. The one thing that we did comment on in the past just as a reminder is that we would see a step up in CapEx this year and lesser so in the next several years and we would expect over the course of four years. So for that to go back to something around 5%, so I as you model that out I think you'll get to a reasonable overall cash flow number, nothing else should be notably different relative to the historical projections on cash flow. It's just a step up in CapEx.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah and with regards to Gatorade, we're investing in several areas. We're investing in improving our communication and the amount of advertising as you're saying, we're improving the packaging of the product. I think there is an opportunity to improve the packaging. And then most importantly, we're going after additional consumers and Gatorade Zero is a very strategic intentional innovation to go after consumers that had left Gatorade franchise because of the sugar levels up. People that still want that same efficacy when it comes to hydration, but want less sugar. From the early reads that we have on Gatorade Zero, it is performing as we intended in terms of expanding the category, capturing new consumers and driving incoming challenges for the brand. So we're very hopeful that those three leavers will help us regain growth. The fact of the matter is that we also have other brands play in that space, Propel is a great brand that we have in that space of sports hydration with a different positioning that's growing very fast. And we'll come up with some other innovations. Obviously, I cannot disclose for competitive reasons, but there is new innovation coming up that hopefully will attack some spaces in the current sports overall category where we've probably got weaker. That's the way we're approaching. Yeah, this is a very important business for as it's part of our management conversations quite often and I think we will, as I'm saying we'll improve the performance of our sports set of brands and products in the in the coming quarters
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean King of UBS.
Sean King: Hi, thanks guys. I guess now that you closed the CytoSport deal, how do you see the - I guess, do you see any incremental channel or category innovation opportunities to build on that investment?
Hugh Johnston: All right. Yeah. Hey, Sean, this is Hugh. I think you'll see us now that we sort of have control of the brand there combined with the Gatorade Shakes business that we have, sort of craft a premium and mainstream approach to that business and they clearly appeal to different consumer segments. And we think by virtue of owning that business we'll be able to have more success with both of those brands. So more to come on that, but that's sort of the broad thinking behind the move that we made.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, we think there is obviously, executional opportunities with these brands. But most importantly we think that this category is going to grow fast in the coming years. And we want to make sure that we have full ownership of the full value chain so we can innovate both, as Hugh was saying, with multiple brands to make sure that we cover all these spaces, and more functional, more lifestyle, more premium or value. So there's a lot of - I think there's a lot of ways how we can help accelerate a category that has a lot of consumer tailwinds already. So it's a good strategic acquisition for us so that we make sure that we drive this category to its maximum.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, so this is the last question. Thank you, all of you for your time and participation in this morning's call. To conclude, just a summary, we're pleased with our results for the first quarter. We're executing against our key priorities with a very high sense of urgency. We remain on track to achieve our 2019 financial goals. And lastly, we thank you for your confidence that you've placed in PepsiCo with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude PepsiCo's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-15 07:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I'm joined this morning by PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston. We'll begin with approximately 25 minutes of prepared comments from Ramon and Hugh, and then open the call up to your questions. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2019 guidance and long-term targets, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. When discussing our financial results on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from our reported results. Such items include the impacts of certain tax-related matters, foreign exchange translations, acquisitions, divestitures, structural and other changes, and restructuring charges. You should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Ramon Laguarta.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. We'll begin this morning's call with a brief recap of 2018 performance, and then move on to a discussion at -- of go-forward priorities, long-term targets and the financial outlook for 2019. So let's begin with 2018, which was a very successful year. We met or exceeded each of the financial targets we outlined at the beginning of the year. Organic revenue grew 3.7%, which was a meaningful sequential acceleration from 2017. And within the year, we saw the rate of growth accelerate from 2.5% in the first half to 4.7% in the second half. Purely North America and each one of the international divisions performed very well, and NAV made progress throughout the year with a return to organic revenue growth and improved pricing. At the same time, we continued to make investments in the business, and the solid momentum we have as we enter 2019 is a good indication that those investments are working. Now on to priorities. As most of you know, I assumed the role of CEO in early October, and I'm pleased to report that the transition has gone very well. And I'm fortunate step into the role at such a well positioned company. PepsiCo competes in attractive, large and growing categories. We've been leading -- we have leading brands and a broad portfolio capable of evolving into new growth spaces. We have a very well-developed geographic footprint, with a stronghold positions in our largest markets and very competitive positions in a number of other rapidly growing markets. We have a suite of strong and very relevant capabilities across the value chain that we've been -- that have been built and strengthened over the years. We have scale that allows us to run our operations very efficiently and to leverage our capability investments across a large and global business. We have highly engaged associates, a strong cohesive management team and deep talent bench. And we have a distinct winning culture that has its -- at its foundation, well embodied values and a strong sense of purpose. These traits have enabled us to perform well in an environment characterized by highly-dynamic retail and competitive landscapes, shifting consumer habits and preferences, and volatile currencies, commodities and geopolitics. Over the past six years, organic revenue growth has averaged 3.8%. Core operating margin has expanded by 1.6 percentage points. Core constant currency earnings per share growth has averaged 9%. Core ROIC has expanded by 9.5 percentage points to 24.8%. Dividends per share have grown 9% on a compound basis. And we're returning $45 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. I've spended the past four months deeply engaged in the business, connecting with our consumers, our customers and associates, as well as spending considerable time together as a senior leadership team, having no holds barred debates with a goal of focusing on what the opportunities are to make our company even faster, stronger and better. We looked for opportunities to improve our strategies, our portfolio of businesses, the strength and breadth of our capabilities, how we organize and get work done, how we can take our execution to new heights and how we can elevate our sense of purpose. And from this review and assessment, we emerged with a set of what I'll call observation and a very clear set of go-forward priorities. Let me begin with the observations. Fundamentally, we're a highly-focused convenient food and beverage company. We compete in very attractive, large, growing and highly complementary categories that share many common characteristics, including consumers, customers, shoppers and occasions. Our ability to leverage the scale of our business to invest in and deploy new capabilities and technologies is a competitive advantage. Furthermore, we have tremendous potential to expand consumption across multiple dimensions. We believe we can capture a greater share of consumption occasions by considering to broaden our portfolio to provide greater choice to satisfy consumers evolving taste, whether they are seeking for an indulgent treat or a more nutritious snack, hydration or a functional drink, on-the-go convenience or take-home value. And we also see the opportunity to continue to increase consumers perceived visibility of our products as an additional growth avenue. Relatedly, we believe our product and geographic portfolios make sense. And we do not currently see the need to shed or acquire businesses in any significant way. Those businesses are not squarely on strategy, are relatively small and generate very healthy cash flows. And there is no apparent value-creating path to divest them because of tax consequences and/or transaction complexity. Let me go now into our individual businesses. Frito-Lay in North America, our largest sector by profit, is an extremely strong businesses -- strong business that generates consistently attractive top line growth and has industry-leading margins and returns on invested capital. The core of Fritos business remains very strong and growing. Over the years, Frito has successfully adopted its portfolio to address new demand spaces, mainly in more permissible and premium snacking. We've added new brands and product lines to capitalize on those opportunities, with products like simply, SunChips, Smartfood, Off the Eaten Path and Imagine. And we expect this approach will enable Frito to continue to compete very effectively across the spectrum of the snacks category. Furthermore, we see more runway to continue to source volume from other micro snacks occasions in what that played to Fritos strengths -- in ways that play to Frito's strength. Operationally, Frito runs extremely efficient and highly optimized supply chain and go-to-market systems. However, capacity utilization is very high on average and there are pockets where capacity is overstretched. We believe with added capacity, Frito will be even better positioned to capture new growth opportunities. Let me move now to North America Beverages. NAB, our largest sector by revenue, is an attractive business. It has many leading brands in growing beverage categories and operates a differentiated integrated business model. We believe our operating model is a competitive advantage that provides superior customer and system alignment, speed to market and systemwide efficiency. With that said, in a dynamic market, NAB has faced a number of challenges over the past 18 months. New entrants have come to market in some of our stronghold categories. There are opportunities to improve some of our brand marketing and consumer engagement. And there are areas where we can step up our local marketplace execution. We have good plans in place to address these opportunities. We've increased both the quality and level of A&M on key core brands, including Pepsi and Mountain Dew. We've increased our innovation to address new category entrants and to drive success in higher growth segments, with innovations like LIFEWTR, bubly, Gatorade Zero, new variants of Propel and extensions within our successful Starbucks and pure life -- Pure Leaf Tea guidance. At the same time, we're having good success with Pepsi Zero Sugar, and this has been a key element in stabilizing the performance of our trademark Pepsi business. And we're making changes to our NAB organization structure and adding frontline resources to make us a more agile and respondent to local commercial opportunities and local competitive actions. While there is more work to do, we're very encouraged by this steady sequential improvement we've seen in the business. We are confident that with more well-placed investments, we'll see continued improvement in any of these performance. Let me talk a bit about international now. We have a very well developed international footprint, and our international businesses are performing very well. We have strong market positions in snacks globally and within most of our key markets. And in beverages, we have very competitive market positions, either outright or in combination with our bottling partners who provide scale and round out our beverage product portfolio. In most of our key markets, we're the number one or number two overall food and beverage supplier. Our categories travel well. And we had success innovating and marketing in ways that make our products highly relevant at a local level. We have a very well qualified playbook to expand our business in developing and emerging markets by exploiting our global capabilities to grow penetration and frequency. A key element of the playbook is lifting and shifting our ideas from market to market, still that we continue to hold. We believe with greater focus on capability deployments, increasing the local relevance of our products and achieving greater scale, our international business, especially in D&E markets, can be a source of even greater growth and higher profitability. Underpinning all we do is our commitment to a strong environmental, social and governance agenda. Our sense of purpose is a great inspiration to our associates and makes us a very attractive place to build a career. Furthermore, we understand that we're an integral member of the communities we operate in. We embrace the notion that we can and should make big positive impacts in our communities by leveraging our scale and deploying our capabilities to help our communities strive. We believe a strong ESG agenda is fundamental to long-term value creation. Our dedication to environmental, social and governance leadership will not waver. So with these observations in mind, let me move on to our priorities. Our first set of priorities relates to becoming faster, specifically, accelerating our rate of organic revenue growth. And if there's one thing I'd like you to take from our discussion today is that, we view topline acceleration as the single biggest opportunity to create more shareholder value. To achieve accelerated topline growth, we intend to strengthen and broaden our product portfolio packaging formats to win locally in convenient foods and beverages. And this means growing our core businesses as we continue to evolve our product portfolio and sharpening our focus on key geographies. Across snacks and beverages, we'll invest to capture a greater share of consumption occasions, from indulgent to functional, social to individual, value to premium, and across dayparts from morning to night. We plan to do this by continuing to grow our core brands, which include $22 billion brands, and building and/or acquiring new brands to cover new demand spaces, as we have recently done with bubly, LIFEWTR, update in Path or Bare. Within snacks, we intend to further capitalize on the consumer trends of convenience and on-the-go in locally relevant ways. Here, we see themes of convenient mini meals, local street foods and local recipes, just a few inspirations to evolve our portfolio in very locally relevant ways. We intend to rapidly scale our beyond the bottle initiative, building on the foundations of our recent acquisition of SodaStream and our internally developed Spire, Drinkfinity and Aquafina water station platforms to offer consumers even greater variety and choice in beverage formats. From a geographic perspective, our priorities are clear: #1, invest to sustain Frito-Lay North America's growth and leadership; #2, strengthen North America Beverages to grow sustainably with the market; and third, accelerate our international expansion with a disciplined focus on right to win markets. Across each of these initiatives, we'll deploy a simple, clear and very effective growth model that's highly focused on the consumer. That is providing the consumer 4 key benefits: variety, that is what I want; ubiquity, where I want it; desirability, from a brand I trust; and value, with the benefits or affordability that appeals to me. Our entire commercial agenda is centered on delivering these four benefits to the consumer. Our second set of priorities relates to becoming stronger. This involves becoming more capable, leaner, more agile and less bureaucratic. In doing so, we will drive down cost and that enables us to plow the savings back into the business to develop scale and sharpen core capabilities that drive even greater efficiency and effectiveness creating a virtuous cycle. Our productivity programs will be guided by a set of universally applied principles, namely: achieving local affordability; simplifying and standardizing processes; collaborating across functions rather than optimizing within functions to achieve lowest cost end-to-end processes; relentlessly automating and merging the best of our optimized business models with the best new thinking and technologies. Just as importantly, we're also adopting a philosophy that recognizes that not all the capabilities or costs are equal, so we'll be very discriminating in where we need to pay for best-in-class or we should pay for just good enough. These principles will be applied across the entire cost structure, from labor to discretionary costs, and advertising and marketing, to fixed assets. The savings from our productivity programs will be substantially reinvested to develop and scale a set of core capabilities that we believe are necessary to deliver the consumer benefits I mentioned earlier. These capabilities are: indispensable brand building; science and design-led innovation; point of choice excellence across all channels, whether traditional or emerging; consumer intimacy, that is leveraging technology and connecting data to deepen our relationships with consumers, moving from relationships with groups of consumers to relationships with individual consumers. This enables a number of benefits, from individually based media and marketing engagement to personalized pricing; and finally, supply chain agility, where we deploy integrated and more robust data to improve demand forecasting and automation, advance robotics and other technology to make our manufacturing assets and go-to-market systems much more flexible to satisfy that demand with greater speed, precision and efficiency. And of course, executing this aggressive agenda of top line acceleration productivity and capability building will require fostering a high-performance culture, one that is aligned on a common set of leadership behaviors and is supported by the right incentive systems. Among the values we are emphasizing throughout the organization are being more center on the consumer, acting like owners, and moving with focus and speed. And finally, we're examining ways to refine our incentive and pay systems to encourage local empowerment and accountability, as well as even greater alignment between management, our shareholders. And our third and final objective relates to being a better company, with -- by being purpose-led. Performance with Purpose has been a cornerstone of PepsiCo for 12 years. Its guided our strategy and has been a point of differentiation. We're very proud of the progress we've made to date and equally excited about the continued evolution of our purpose agenda. With this in mind, our organization is committing to winning with purpose, which marks a new chapter in our purpose agenda. It acknowledges PepsiCo's leadership in integrating sustainability with a strive for more than a decade and conveys our belief that sustainability can be an even greater contributor to our success in the marketplace. Essential to our winning with purpose agenda will be a sharpened focus on advancing sustainability -- advance in sustainable agricultural practices, a holistic strategy to support the creation of a circle or plastic economy, a striving for positive water impact and continuing to make our products more permissible to consumers. As we work to execute each one of these priorities, our overarching goal is to accelerate the rate of topline growth to enable us to deliver balanced, sustainable financial performance that creates greater long-term sharehold value. With that, now let me hand it over to Hugh to cover the financial goals in more detail.
Hugh Johnston: Great. Thank you, Ramon, and good morning, everyone. The plans Ramon just laid out are intended to create durable, attractive long-term financial performance and total shareholder returns, driven by organic revenue growth of 4% to 6%, 20 to 30 basis points of average annual core operating margin expansion, high single-digit core constant currency EPS growth, growing core net returns on invested capital, and attractive free cash flow and cash returns to shareholders. To support our free cash flow and core net ROIC goals, we remain committed to disciplined capital allocation with our existing priorities intact, namely: number one, investing in the business, number two, paying a dividend; number three, tuck-in acquisitions; and number four, returning residual cash to shareholders through share repurchases. Productivity is a key component of our go-forward plans, providing both fuel for reinvestment and improving our operating margins. We're extending our productivity savings target of more than $1 billion annually through 2023. Contributing to this goal are savings we expect from restructuring actions we announced in this morning's release. We intend to make substantial investments in the business in 2019 in A&M, manufacturing and go-to-market capacity, end-to-end supply chain transformation, and global systems harmonization and standardization. While there are investments in each category in each operating sector, in terms of emphasis, in Frito-Lay North America and our international sectors, there is relatively greater emphasis on adding manufacturing and go-to-market capacity and supply chain transformation. In the case of North America Beverages, there is relatively greater emphasis on investing to support the core brands, ramped up innovation, and adding and redirecting resources to drive enhanced local marketplace execution. And across all the sectors, as well as at the corporate center, we're investing to drive global systems harmonization and standardization. These investments are being made with the aim of building the capabilities and implementing the processes that will support the achievement of the strategic priorities Ramon just reviewed, especially the achievement of sustained accelerated topline performance. We deeply analyze and assess each of the planned investments. We've established detailed guidepost to measure our progress and success against each one. And we're confident that the investments will return meaningful value to investors over time. Beyond the stepped-up investments, our 2019 core earnings performance will be impacted by three other factors: first, we're lapping a number of strategic asset sale and refranchising gains and insurance recoveries net of a frontline bonus that contributed approximately $0.17 to earnings in 2018; second, we expect the core tax rate to increase to approximately 21% in 2019 from a rate of 18.8% in 2018; and third, we expect foreign exchange translation to be an approximate 2 percentage point headwind to both revenue and EPS performance in 2019. Taking all of this together, for 2019, we expect organic revenue growth of 4% and core EPS of approximately $5.50. Importantly, we expect to see a return to high single-digit core constant currency EPS growth in 2020. For 2019, we also expect free cash flow of approximately $5 billion, reflecting a step-up in CapEx to approximately $4.5 billion. Most of the increased capital spending is associated with accelerating progress on our strategic priorities. Following 2019, we expect our capital spending to moderate and to return to approximately 5% of revenue by 2022. We expect total cash returns to shareholders of approximately $8 billion in 2019, comprised with dividends of approximately $5 billion and share repurchases of approximately $3 billion. With that, we'll now open it up to your questions. Operator, we'll take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So Ramon and Hugh, your 2019 guidance clearly implies some substantial reinvestment, both from a P&L standpoint and on the CapEx line. Just at a high level, how did the organization come to that decision under new leadership? Is this more sort of underutilized opportunities under new CEO, you're looking at, as you highlighted maybe on the Frito capacity side? Or is it more a need to reboost coffers after a tough external environment the last few years that may have pressured spend a bit? Because you do appear to be leaving 2018 with some nice momentum from a topline perspective. So just trying to better understand the decision at a high level. And then also it would be helpful if you could give us some more granular detail on which product categories or geographies that incremental spend is particularly focused on, both from P&L and CapEx standpoint. And what gives you confidence around the ROI behind that spend as you look out getting it back to that high single-digit algorithm beyond 2019?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Let me start. I mean the process was a, say a four month process that we've -- you know we've been together as a management team over a series of meetings, trying to define what would be the next chapter of PepsiCo. And we came to the realization that we have a good company, we can be a great company. And there is a, say an aligned vision to be a much faster growing company, because we see that our categories are very healthy in large, growing across the world. And we have been performing okay against the category, but there is further growth and further opportunities for us to grow share in those categories. And the process started with, let's see how we can refocus the discretionary funds that we have in each one of our business against the growth opportunities. So we're doing that as part of the AOP for '19. And then we came to the realization, there is even further opportunities for us to invest and grow our top line in a very competitive way and profitable way. So that's what we are. In terms of the areas of spend, you should think about we're investing across all the businesses, from our North America business to our international businesses. And we're investing in brand building, selling capacity and supply chain capacity. Those are the big areas. And also, we've been in building capabilities for the last few years, and we are going to continue to do in areas like away from home, e-commerce, some of the large channels that are driving a lot of growth for the categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So just two questions related to the investments this year. One, is there incremental -- is it $1 billion of incremental productivity also in 2019? And then second, I guess, as we look at -- there were some investments that went into the business in '18 and then some incremental investments that goes into the business in '19. So in trying to understand like how much of that goes in and stays in the business? Kind of the relative size of that? I mean back of the envelope, I was set of getting to about $500 million. So if you can give us any sense as to whether that's close to the ballpark in terms of the size of the reinvestment?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Bryan, it's Hugh. So in terms of the size of the reinvestment, we haven't got overly specific with the numbers. But if you think about what our normal EPS is versus what we're doing this year, I would think about somewhere between 40% and 50% of it being reinvestment and then the other factors. We've mentioned the tax rate and the one-timer lapping being the other parts of it. As to the other part of your question, as you know even in late 2017 and into 2018, we did start making some reinvestments back into the business because with the tax cut and other things, we had the opportunity to do that in '18. The thing that gives us a lot of confidence and gives us a belief that the ROIs are going to be good is the money that we've invested so far, we have actually seen good payback. The reason for that is, obviously, we participate in 2 great categories, convenient foods and beverages. And when we invest money in those businesses, there's good consumer and customer response to it. So the fact that we put money into the businesses and we've seen such good response is what gives us confidence, like going forward, we should continue to do that into 2019. The one thing I do want to stress in all of this is, we started with making the internal cost structure of the company more efficient and have done everything we can do with that, and the restructuring is part of doing that. The incremental portion of it obviously is what we're talking to you about its investors, but I want to assure you while that we've worked hard to make sure PepsiCo is as efficient as it can possibly be, and we'll continue to strive to do that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I know that you very specifically talked about 2020 earnings growth coming back to kind of the high single-digit range. But in the long-term guidance, you did lower the long-term operating margin target to like 20 to 30 basis points, something more like 30 to 50. So can you just talk a little bit about what's driving that view of the long-term margin in the business? Is it a change in the what's passes from a gross margin perspective? It sounds like a lot of the productivity and restructuring that you're doing should be yielding a more efficient cost structure for the long term? So I was curious why there's sort of less operating leverage in the long-term model.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Let me start and then Hugh can give you a few more details. If you think about the three things we're trying to do, which is become faster, stronger and better. We want to first, invest in the business and opportunities that we see ahead of us, and that's going to make us faster, and that's -- they're investments we put in the business last year. As Hugh said, we've optimized, we've seen the ROIs, and we're deploying again this year with some incremental investments. The second concept of being stronger goes to the question that you're posing here which is we're trying to look at adapting technology and data much more in our business, in the way we do business. That will drive a lot of savings that we'll be reinvesting in the new capabilities we've been talking about. We believe that will give us a competitive -- sustained competitive advantage over the long term. These are capabilities in the areas of basically consumer customer and supply chain agility. So yes, you will see a, I think, a virtuous cycle of additional savings, being both brought to the bottom line and what we think is a 0.2, 0.3 margin expansion every year, but very importantly, we want to make sure that the business gets the reinvestment required to become -- to stay as a very competitive business long-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: So I have actually three questions and all under the umbrella of your philosophy, Ramon. One is that you mentioned you met with clients and consumers and employees. But it doesn't seem like you'd done a lot of meetings with shareholders in forming your observations and priorities. And just wanted to understand why. Clearly, the lot of folks on this call are your owners. Secondly, your philosophy on reinvestments, how does that apply to your philosophy on price/mix rationality, for a lack of a better term, i.e. kind of measured increases and pricing over the past few years, and beverages has taken that industry out of the penalty box for investors, so I'd love to hear your philosophy there. And lastly, your level of confidence that one year of reinvestments is enough to get back to your accelerated long-term growth algorithm 2020 and beyond.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Ali. Let me start from the last one, I think it's a core, the essence of what we're trying to do. As Hugh said, we started investing in '18 back in the business. I mean the tax reduction helped us there and we saw areas where we had very high ROIs, which some area where we didn't have so much high ROIs. So we, at the beginning of this year, we went through a what I think is a pretty rigorous process of filtering investments and saying, "okay, these are areas where we need to double down." And we're adding some more resources to those areas. And it's across, what I said, branding, selling capacity, manufacturing capacity, supply chain capacity and some of the new capabilities. But again, the essence of the model is not this one-year effort that we're trying to make with additional resources. The essence is how we're transforming the machine, the operating machine of PepsiCo with technology and data, and really looking very hard our cost structures to drive sustained savings that we'll reinvest in these new capabilities that we need for the future. That is really the essence of the model. But don't think of a one-year investment which would be a 2-year investment because '18, we already started investing. But think of this as an acceleration and then a very clear transformation of capabilities that will make the acceleration sustainable. And it's a virtuous cycle of adapting technologies, driving savings and reinvesting those savings into what we think are the things that will make us best-in-class in our industry, and it's doubling down on consumer intimacies, doubling down on innovation, doubling down in brand-building, it's multichannel go-to-market capabilities and then flexible supply chain. That's how we are -- how we see the long-term momentum.
Hugh Johnston: And Ali, the follow-up on your question on price rationality, we do think there's price rationality in the market right now. And a part of our long-term algorithm is continued price rationality in the marketplace.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: So I guess I wanted to actually ask about Frito-Lay North America, Ramon. So clearly, that business has been on a pretty solid footing. You talked about the potential opportunities to grow that business further. A lot of the growth in the last few years has come from price/mix. So I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on more specific programs to really drive consumption and volume increases in Frito-Lay. And then separately, Ramon, I think you talked about being happy with the portfolio, and not really making a big changes to your portfolio, either acquisition or divestiture. I know you guys been looking at North America beverage business from a refranchising perspective. Is that now off the table as you kind of went through the review in the last 4 months?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Let me start with Frito. Listen, Frito is probably one of the I would say, best consumer companies in the world, I would say, and we continue to find ways to transform ourselves, both on the portfolio and on the capabilities and infrastructure of the business. So the way we're thinking about Frito is you think our share of market is about 65% of salty, about 39% of what we call savory and only 19% of micro snacks. We see great opportunities for Frito to grow into new dayparts, into new channels, into even grow within existing channels and within existing consumer occasions. So the growth opportunities for Frito are multiple. I think the team has done a great job in keeping a very healthy core, our Doritos, Cheetos, Lay's, Raffles, Tostitos brands are growing very healthy, and build additional brands that cover new spaces, either cohorts or dayparts. So we see a very strong growth model from the brand perspective, from the channel perspective. And what we're trying to do is make sure Frito gets -- is well-funded to go after all these opportunities both from the P&L and from the CapEx point of view, because the ROIC on those investments is unbeatable. And I believe we have an amazing team that is extremely capable, proves it every day in the marketplace and is very rigorous in how they manage investments. So empowering that team with the right resources and giving them the higher vision of grow even faster and gain more share in the U.S. snack business I think is the right thing to do for the -- for PepsiCo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: So Ramon, best of luck as the CEO. And I just wanted to ask you about the company's long-term organic revenue growth, the target of 4% to 6%. So could you maybe help us decompose this target between your expectations for snacks and beverages globally, as well as in developed and developing markets? And just a clarification on Judy's second question I think about refranchising. Should we -- have you decide not to refranchise NAB at this time, or is it still on the table?
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Let me address both. I mean the way you should think and there about our 4% to 6% is we have a great portfolio of geographies and categories around the world, and we see this more side of opportunities where we're investing to drive growth and be more competitive short-term and long-term and should be thinking about the overall portfolio delivering this number of between 4% to 6%. So I won't go into the details of how are going to grow in each one of these categories. You will see us as we unfold the results going forward. With regards to NAB, yes, I think, sorry I forgot to answer the question before, yes, we spent a lot of time as a management team, obviously studying NAB and the different options we have there. We love NAB business. We think it's a great business that will play a very important role in the future of PepsiCo, and we're convinced it will drive very good results for us. And we believe that the key areas of success I think for NAB going forward will be around having the very strong brands in the different spaces and cohorts. And we think we have the brands. And we've may be may have to strengthen some of the brands or we have those brands and we'll be able to create new brands with -- as we've proven with bubly or LIFEWTR or some of our new innovations. Second will be, our ability to execute in the marketplace, both with the very large customers and also in the local up and down the street. And I think we can do that, and we are a great operating company, and we know we can do this without refranchising. Third point will be having a very flexible and cost competitive supply chain. And the third will be having the right high-performance culture in the business. All of those 4 success factors to me are not related to refranchising, plus refranchising per se will be a very complex and disruptive event for us as a company. So yes, you should assume that we're going to compete very hard in this business. We're going to invest sustainably and rationally. And we'll keep building a very strong company that I'm convinced will do great for us in the near future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: And I was hoping we could just dig a little bit further into your strategic outlook. If we think about PepsiCo in 2025, what does being the great company that you mentioned at the outset really look like? How would you describe it? And how important is it to you that you can arrive at that destination without the need for another sidestep or effective algorithm reset somewhere between? And maybe as you just talked about that future vision, just going to the prior conversation, just love some color on what you -- what role you think, the long-standing better together Power Of One strategy plays within that? It sounds like something you remain committed to. So do you think maybe can be strengthened further? But I'll just love if you could expand on that as well.
Ramon Laguarta: You should think of PepsiCo as a, I said, a company that plays in two huge large categories that globally, have a lot of tailwind. And our ability to perform on a very high competitive level in those two categories globally gives us the ability to be a top-performing investment for you guys in the consumer goods space. So I think you should be thinking about a company that has a long-term value creation model, center around accelerated growth and sustained growth, and gaining share consistently in our two large categories. That's how I would ambition. How we do it. I think we painted a picture on how we're thinking about our portfolio and how we're going to be look very holistically at the opportunities in each of our categories. And there's multiple demands, spaces, there's a lot of coffers, there's a lot of different dayparts in those categories that provide for immense opportunities for us to innovate and build brands and continue to grow. Geographically, you should be thinking about a company that is, I would say, skewed to developed markets, Western Europe and the U.S., And obviously, long-term, we would like to be stronger in some of our developing markets, while we have strong positions to build on top, so we have strong talent, we have strong market position in some of those markets. And you should think about us growing very fast in those geographies and adding to our -- how we reach consumers around the world. Think of us, we sell 1.5 billion servings a day, so we touch conceptually 1.5 billion people around the world every day, so our ambition is to become at least a 2 -- touch at least 2 billion people every day, that's some of the aspiration we have as a management team. So you should be thinking around the vectors of how many people we serve every day and around what do we offer that people in terms of the both the convenient foods and the beverage categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: My question is around -- I'm just hoping you can actually elaborate on what you can do in the route to market field, just a little more detail, because if I think about the beverage business, it feels like you have some catch-up, particularly in North America. In snacks, you're already really, really good. So taking the 2 different sides, are you going to focus more on the small channels where brands are often built and nurtured? And how do you manage an online business when you're shipping heavy beverages? So just touching on that range of opportunity.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, thanks for the question. The -- you know the value creation of a category is proportionate in the impulse part of our business. So obviously, we want to maximize our go to market where we can generate impulse occasions, we capture much more value for our -- I think we provide more value to the consumer and we capture more profit as a company. So obviously, as you think about the areas where we'll be investing money to become much more of a great -- a customer service company, we will invest against the large customers and they are critical for us to serve a lot of households. And there, I think, the opportunity to put all our categories together to serve customers like Walmart, Amazon, et cetera, is a big idea. Then in terms of the capillarity and the ubiquity of distribution of our categories, I don't think we're satisfied with NAB or we're satisfied with Frito or we're satisfied with any of our companies. There are almost unlimited numbers of point of sale for our categories. And our strategic intent is to be everywhere where there could be a location to serve a consumer to buy a snack or a beverage. And it's not only the conventional points of sale that you're thinking about. It could be endless numbers. So how do we become -- how do we make money in servicing those stores is the biggest strategic idea. We have a lot of technology to unlock this. I mean we're playing obviously across nonconventional ways to get to those points of sale, and that's core capability of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Modi [ph] of RBC.
Unidentified Analyst: Ramon, you talked about the reinvestment and you talked about frontline, putting more investment in frontline. Can you maybe help us understand in terms of kind of the percentages you're allocating or you're thinking about in terms of increases in advertising and then also the in-store execution portion in NAB? And then the second question is you also talked about perhaps adding more capacity in the Frito business. So does that mean you're going to reduce your alliance on copackers?
Ramon Laguarta: I'll just start with Frito. Yes, we -- with the growth of the business, we're stretched on some of our technologies, which impacts the service, the demand on some of our products, so we'll be investing in additional capacity in Fritos. We're actually investing, and you should see it in -- I would assume, an additional share of market gain from us in the coming years. With regards to NAB investments, obviously, I cannot give you detail. This is a very sensitive information of where we're going to invest in our SMP money, but you should think about us adding selling capacity across the U.S. for both our food service and our small format outlets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. I certainly sensed an overall level of urgency from you based on your competition. And specifically, on NAB, you mentioned you're stepping up innovation investment to reignite growth. So I guess I've got a couple of questions. First, how much of a lag do you anticipate before you anticipate seeing improvements on your top line? And then, in general, how do you think about balancing this higher level of spending with your ability to drive profitability growth, and then more importantly, your ability to expand margins in NAB specifically, again, over the long term?
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. We've been investing in NAB now for a year or so in -- especially in our brands, but also in some of our execution capabilities. And we're seen good returns on some of those investments and not so good returns from some others. So what we're doing is, clearly, optimizing our investments against the areas where we see we're getting more overall return. The performance of the company, as you saw in our Q4 numbers, is improving, right? So we're doing -- we had a good 2.5% in Q3, we grew 2% in Q4. So we'll keep investing in the business to get to a -- to stay positive. And our ultimate ambition is to grow with the market, and the timeline we're aspiring to do that is by the end of this year. It might take us a bit longer. The way I see this is -- and this is my experience with businesses, large business that need to turn around is, you need to agree on a long-term objectives. In our case, is growing with the market and eventually growing share. And then give -- empower the team with the right resources, make them feel that you support them and give them very clear milestones to go after those -- that turnaround. That's what we're doing with NAB. The team is responding. We're having very clear process internally to monitor progress. And we feel good. We feel good and we feel fortunate to have the rest of the company portfolio to -- that we can still deliver a very good performance to the company and invest in what is going to be a very powerful business for us in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: So I wanted to come back to portfolio considerations with beverages and snacks. So particularly, Ramon, the ability to drive more consumption occasions, so under sort of the thinking of the two or Better Together. And it sounds like you too are of the view that the beverage and snacks do belong together. But I think there have been some questions on how successful the company has been in that pursuit of cross-selling over the years, particularly given some of the notable challenges in beverages. So do you see it that way? Is that an unfair assessment that the company has not done as well as it could possibly could in terms of cross-selling and utilizing the strength of both of these businesses. And as you're thinking about the priorities of how to reaccelerate growth in NAB, is there a greater cohesiveness with Frito that could be part of that strategy? So any comments there will be helpful.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, I've been -- as you guys know, I've been in Europe for a few years. And there, we have this kind of what we call Power of One model in some countries, I don't know, in a lot of countries actually. And so I understand the value of where the scale makes sense and where the focus makes sense. And more or less, I mean it's not a science. It's almost an art on where does the scale give you a competitive advantage and where the scale defocuses you. And so, listen, I don't know if you guys walk around the stores for the Super Bowl. But if you see the displays we're able to build together as an organization, the amount of traffic we build for our customers because of those displays, and the combined consumption that was between our 2 categories because of those display, you would see that there is a very clear opportunity for us to dial up if that is an opportunity. Also, on the cost side, we're doing a lot of things together, right? So if you think about freight, for example, it's a great area where we're in a lot of productivity because of combined freight. And as you think about future capabilities, we're trying to build them as a combined company. Our e-commerce capability, some of the ones I referred to this morning, the consumer intimacy, so our ability to attract talent, special talent, retain talent and challenge talent is much, much -- we have a much higher likelihood to succeed if we do it as a full PepsiCo. So we see many areas of value for Power of One, but we also see areas where Power of One could derail the performance of each one of the businesses. So you will see, yes, there are opportunities, but we have to address them very carefully and with -- and we'll try to narrow. We'll make mistakes in some areas. We'll get better in others. So that's how you should think, but yes, of course, France is a competitive advantage, and we would not be doing the best for our shareholders if we don't explore this area to the maximum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Lots of question about NAB and Frito-Lay. I like to -- would be interesting to having your perspective on the Quaker business and the role of Quaker in PepsiCo's portfolio in the near or long-term future. Is its margin now is at a relatively high level, especially in comparison to other sales, I mean, businesses? Now it has not been growing for one and it seems like it's not really at the center of the impulse occasion, you said was the strength of PepsiCo. So really, would like to have your perspective on the Quaker business going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay. Thank you, Laurent. Listen, we love our Quaker business. I think it's a -- it compliments our portfolio, and it makes us strong in a daypart that in where we're weaker otherwise. Now we need to be better at exploiting some of the opportunities of that brand internationally. So we have a very strong business in Europe and it's doing very well. Here domestically, you could think of the more we see clearly breakfast becoming an on-the-go occasion. It is -- people are rushing for to get to work early in the morning. There is a huge opportunity for us to play with Quaker in that, I would say, higher value, new consumer demand moment of breakfast on the go. You're going to see us innovating in that space. And you might -- you will see, again, another vector of Power of One as we leverage some of our go-to-market strength to deliver on the convenience on the go forward for Quaker. So I think it plays a role in our portfolio, apart from the, obviously, the cash flow it generates and the great returns we get from that business, but I would see it as part of our broader strategic opportunity of capturing demand moments where we're not very strong in right now. Okay. I think we run out of time. So thank you all of your time and participation in this morning's call. To conclude, I'd like to leave you with just 3 key thoughts: first, our overarching objective, as you saw, is to accelerate in a sustainable way, our top line growth; secondly, we're investing to lift performance across the business, making our best businesses better and our productivity lower performing businesses stronger; and third, we expect that investments we're making would not only benefit 2019 with accelerated top line growth, but will provide a solid foundation for sustainable, attractive market place and financial performance for the years to come. We look forward to updating you on the progress throughout the year, and we thank you for the confidence you've placed in us with your investments. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-02 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Caroline Levy - Macquarie Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Steve Powers - Deutsche Bank Vivien Azer - Cowen Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets Pablo Zuanic - SIG Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Laurent Grandet - Guggenheim
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. We'll lead off todays call with a review of our third quarter performance and full year 2018 outlook and then we'll move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2018 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. When discussing our financial results on todays call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items, such as the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other tax related items, foreign exchange translation and acquisitions, divestitures, structural and other changes from our reported results. You should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos website under the Events and Presentations tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. Now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone. Thank you all for joining us. As most of you know, we announced in August that I'm stepping down as CEO of PepsiCo after 12 years in the role effective tomorrow. And so today will be my final conference call with you. Actually my 75th and final, if you also include the calls I've participated in as CFO. After we complete the primary business at hand, reviewing the results and outlook and taking your questions. I'd like to ask for your patience and allow me to make a few concluding remarks at the end of the call. So, moving on to business; for the quarter we generated $16.5 billion of net revenue driven by 4.9% organic revenue growth and delivered core earnings per share of $1.59, a 9% increase on a core constant currency basis. Overall, we are pleased with our operating and financial performance in the quarter. The organic revenue growth represents another quarter of sequential acceleration and the highest rate of organic revenue growth in 12 quarters. The majority of our businesses again perform well, but particularly strong performances by our international sectors and solid performance by Frito-Lay in North America. And while North American beverages profit performance was impacted by inflation and a double-digit increase in advertising expense, the sector posted 2.5% organic revenue growth with a good balance between volume growth and net price realization. Frito-Lay North America delivered balanced volume growth and net price realization driving by strong innovation and brand marketing. For example, in June we launched Stacy's Cheese Petites inspired by French Cheese Puff, these bite-sized cheese snacks have real cheese baked inside creating a sophisticated snacking experience. In fact cheese is the primary ingredient. Petites are a good source of calcium and have six grams of protein per serving, and they come in a resealable pouch making them great for a convenient on-the-go experience. Over the summer, Doritos and Mountain Dew partnered on our Worlds Collide program to appeal to our Gen Z consumers who thrive on accelerating experiences. The program highlighted the brands recent innovations, Doritos Blaze and Dew Ice and rewarded consumers to purchase both products with merchandise and experiences. The eight-week media campaigns supporting the program span social media channels that are also featured on Pandora to reach our consumers' distinctive music. Tostitos' growth was fueled by new products such as Roasted Red Pepper and Black Bean and Garlic. To support the product launches we created the program to drive trial during the summer get-togethers. Our Buy, Ride, Get Together already program allowed consumers to scan a code of specially marked bags to redeem a $5 lift credit making it even easier for our consumers to get safety to and from summer parties. And Cheetos benefited from the launch of Cheetos Flaming Hot Chipotle Ranch earlier this year, appealing to consumers growing desire for intense flavors. Cheetos further benefited from our Cheetos Museum Win What You See campaign, with our first-ever Cheetos promotion supported by TV commercials directing consumers to winwhatyousee.com where we invited our fans to find and submit unique Cheetos shapes to have a chance to win what they see. We garnered more than 80,000 submissions and the program is now been localized and rolled across seven additional countries and counting. Turning to North American beverages, while the marketplace remains highly competitive, we are encouraged by improving overall category growth trends and a generally rational pricing environment. We had another quarter of sequential organic revenue performance and improvement. Organic revenue growth of 2.5% is the best you've seen in NAB in eight quarters and was driven by retail sales growth in Starbucks ready-to-drink coffee, Lipton ready-to-drink tea, Gatorade, our water portfolio, Pepsi and Mountain Dew. Certainly strong innovation across the portfolio is contributing to the improving performance. For example, LIFEWTR continues its journey advancing and showcasing sources of creativity with the launch of our Series 6 Bottle themed diversity and design. LIFEWTR achieved more than $150 million in measured retail sales in 2017 which was its introductory year. And is on pace to achieve more $200 million in measured retail sales in 2018. Bubly, a new flavored sparkling water where there's no artificial flavors, colors or calories which we launched in February of this year continues to perform exceeding well and has projected to exceed a $100 million in measured retail sales in this first year. Mountain Dew's performance is benefiting from the launch of Mountain Dev Ice, another launch which should surpass a $100 million of retail in its first year from launch, and from the return of Mountain Dew Baja Blast as our summer limited time offering. And in June, we launched Gatorade Zero. With zero sugar and all the electrolytes of Gatorade Thirst Quencher, Gatorade Zero is providing hydration options for more athletes in more occasions and is off to a strong start. And we believe our stepped-up advertising and marketing, particularly on trademarks Pepsi and Mountain Dew, are also starting to contribute to improve performance as we saw sequential net revenue accelerations in both trademarks in the third quarter. Commodity inflation, operating cost inflation particularly in transportation cost, product mix and stepped-up advertising expense each pressured our profit performance in the quarter. However, we expect that our recently implemented pricing actions will improve profit performance in the coming quarters. At Quaker Foods North America, our hot cereal business posted its fifth consecutive quarter of market share gains supported by our marketing campaigns highlighting the functional benefits of oatmeal and innovation like Simple and Wholesome Organic Hot Cereal, a Multigrain Hot Cereal with no artificial colors or preservatives. In addition, Quaker light snacks gains market share with high singe digit retail sales growth. In our Aunt Jemima pancake business, grew retail sales for the eighth consecutive quarter. And to close out our conversation in North America, we are pleased to report that in the third quarter PepsiCo was the largest contributor to food and beverage growth at retail in the United States. Turning to our sectors outside of North America, we are extremely pleased with the 10% organic revenue growth we saw in our developing and emerging market as a group, which is the continuation of the strength and experience across many of these markets in the first half. Strong marketplace execution led to continued solid growth across many of our key international markets. Within Latin America organic revenue grew 10% driven by high single digit growth in Mexico and double-digit growth in Argentina, Brazil and Colombia. The LatAm team is doing an excellent job, building our business and growing our market share in key countries in the region. In our Europe sub-Saharan Africa sector, Russia and South Africa each grew organic revenue high single-digit, while Turkey and Poland had double-digit organic revenue growth. Even within the developed markets of Europe, we saw mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the UK and France. Again, continued good performance from this team. And in AMENA, we had strong double-digit organic revenue growth in China, Saudi Arabia, India and Egypt, and high single-digit organic revenue growth in Australia. Excellent results from our AMENA team. This strong top line performance translated into impressive bottom line results with core constant currency operating profit up 12% in our international divisions as a group. The international results reflect our initiatives to continue to expand distribution of our big global brand and to innovate in locally relevant ways. For example, we continue to drive international growth of our zero sugar Pepsi Black and Pepsi Max trademarks with introductions of lime and cherry flavors across Easter Europe, lime in the Nordics, and lime and vanilla flavors in the Philippines. We are driving growth in Doritos internationally, whether through expansion to new markets like China where the brand just celebrated its first anniversary since launch, to innovation in existing markets like India, where we launched Doritos Heat Wave. And the Quaker's trademark continues its global expansion. From the launch of Quaker's super food in Mexico, to our launches of Quaker Kids and Quaker multigrain instant oatmeal platforms in China. Finally, during the quarter we reach an agreement to acquire SodaStream. As we said on the day of the initial announcement, we believe PepsiCo and SodaStream are an inspired match. Daniel Birnbaum and the rest of the SodaSteam team have built an extraordinary company that is offering consumers the ability to make great tasting beverages while reducing the amount of waste generated. That focus is well aligned with performance with Purpose, our philosophy of making more nutritious products while limiting our environmental footprint. Together, we can advance our shared vision of a healthier, more sustainable planet. SodaStream will also add to our growing water portfolio while accelerating our ability to offer personalized in-home beverage solutions around the world. From breakthrough innovations like Drinkfinity to beverage dispensers like Spire for foodservice and Aquafina water stations for colleges and universities. We are finding new ways to reach consumers beyond the bottle and the SodaStream is fully in line with that strategy. As we previously announced the acquisition was unanimously approved by the boards of both companies. The transaction is subject to a SodaStream shareholder vote, certain regulatory approvals and other customary conditions and consummation of the transaction is expected by January of 2019. Net, we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing across many of our international markets. In North America, Frito-Lay continues to perform well, North American beverages is making steady improvement, and our recently implemented pricing actions will help improve profit performance in North America. And finally, we are excited about the new opportunities that the pending SodaStream acquisition represents. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh Johnston.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. I'll jut provide a quick update on the outlook and then we'll move to your questions. After considering our year to-date performance and other factors we've updated our guidance for 2018. Specifically, we now expect at least 3% organic revenue growth for the full year. We now expect our core effective tax rate to be between 19% and 20%. We continue to expect core constant currency EPS growth of 9%. However, we now expect core earnings per share in U.S. dollar terms of $5.65, which reflects a one-point headwind from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus rates due to the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar. This is an 8% increase compared to 2017 core earnings per share of $5.23. We continue to expect strong cash flow and to exercise disciplined capital allocation with prudent reinvestment into the business. For 2018 we continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $6 billion which includes approximately $9 billion in cash flow from operations, including a $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution made in the first quarter. And we now expect net capital spending of approximately $3.3 billion. We continue to expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2018 with cash dividends of approximately $5 billion reflecting a 15% increase in the annualized dividend per share that began with the June payment and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following items to consider for the fourth quarter. Frito-Lay North America is lapping 5% organic revenue growth from the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect operating profit to decline in our AMENA division as we lap strong results and a refranchising gain in Jordan from the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect the previously announced refranchising of our Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia business operations to benefit ESSA operating profit in the fourth quarter. And finally based on market consensus forecast, we expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact both net revenue and operating profit by approximately three percentage points in the fourth quarter. With that, operator, we are ready to take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. Congratulations Indra, on an illustrious career of Pepsi and best wishes for you in the future.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you.
Dara Mohsenian: So, the quarter itself clearly saw a large acceleration of the organic sales in emerging and developing markets that's in contrast to some of the fears out there over slowing macro. So, I was just hoping you could give us some more detail there on what drove the sequential improvement? Do you think it's more category growth accelerating or Pepsi market share picking up, maybe some of the key countries behind that. And then most importantly, just are those drivers sustainable as you look going forward beyond Q3 as you think about the strength in the business in the quarter?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So from an international perspective, I think we saw remarkably broad-based results. The list of countries that had a strong quarter is probably too long to enumerate on the call. We'll use up our entire time doing that. Maybe most notably I think if we saw a strong volume growth both in snacks and in beverages. Snacks were somewhere between 4% and 5% volume growth, beverages between 3% and 4%. And I think it really does sort of demonstrate that both the power of the portfolio and then in addition to that the relatively broad-based strength of economic performance around the world. So, I think we do expect international to continue to perform very well. I think the portfolio was sturdy and well insulated. Look, at any given time as countries are disrupted, we always have some exposure to those disruptions. But by and large I think we have a remarkably powerful international business.
Indra Nooyi: And our execution also picked up quite a bit.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Good morning, Indra. And I want to extend my congratulations as well. Can we start on the North American beverage business? Results improving. So congratulations on that. But coming at costs when we look at the margin pressure year-over-year and understanding the freight and commodities are playing apart, but you're also picking up your advertising and marketing spending. So maybe you could touch on the ROI on the spent if you're satisfied at this point? And then two, maybe touch on the necessity to maintain higher levels here into Q4 and even next year particularly behind CSDs and sports drinks as we look at the some of the market share trends we see in the Nielsen data in order to maintain this level of growth? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Hey Kevin, it's Hugh Johnston. Couple of things on that. You're right. The P&L was negatively impacted by two things. Number one was cost pressure both transport cost and aluminum were up. Number two, it was the increased in advertising and marketing spend across a number of our businesses. Maybe just we'll step back a little bit in terms of the way that we think about advertising and spending levels. Our intention generally speaking is to be competitive on advertising and spending levels, but not to accelerate beyond competition. Our goal is to win based on the quality of our advertising and the execution that follows that advertising rather than that the level itself. So I think we will maintain levels of spending that are competitive, but not beyond competitive. Regarding the input cost inflation whether it's transport or whether it's aluminum, our history is always been to price through inflation in our developed markets. We'll look to do that here. We did that post Q3. It's fairly unusual to take pricing in the middle of the summer. So despite the fact that we felt some of that pressure in the summer, we didn't take pricing until September. I think you'll see the profit picture improve in Q4 as a result of that pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone, and Indra, really just want to wish you the best going forward. It's been a pleasure the last 20 years covering you.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Bryan Spillane: I guess the bigger question I would have is just -- you're looking at the business today in this year, right? We've seen some an increase in investment for advertising and marketing. We've also seen SodaStream as a relative to some the acquisitions you've done in the past a little bit bigger, which Soda suggests that there's just more of a need to sort of invest to continue to drive the top line. So I [Indiscernible] yes, Indra, if you could if you could just sort of address this. We are at a point now where there is just a need to spend more whether it's operating expense or M&A to sort of drive the top line or was this year sort of more of an anomaly?
Hugh Johnston: Hey, Bryan, it's Hugh. Those are too fairly points, so let me address them separately. In terms of capital allocation broadly no change in policy here. We talked about $500 million here in tuck-ins that continues to be our stated policy. SodaStream in a lot of ways is a unique asset in that it gets into a completely different market that we really werent touching at all, which are consumers who preferred to prepare beverages at home, whether they be just sparkling water, whether they be flavored beverages. So I would view [Indiscernible] to increase in advertising and marketing in the beverage business as anything more than a response to competitive increase and thats a competitive increase that remains to be seen as to where it goes in the future. I think our expectation as we said before is we want to compete on execution, we want to compete on the quality of innovation that we want to compete on the quality of our marketing and we think we are well positioned to do that particularly whether integrated system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey guys, first Indra very start -- if you go, youve really transformed the company and frankly the whole industry, so we feel very good about that, so would love to hear what made you decide to go after 12 great years and maybe that will be in the closing remarks but would love to hear that at or now or later. And then more specifically about the quarter, clearly the topline has been very good, the margins have seen little bit of pressure and we understand about the advertising increases as well as some of the commodity and other costs that are in there, but historically youve been able to insulate a lot of that through the $1billion or year of cost savings plan that weve seen here, where do you think you are on that, are you towards the end of that and thats why we are seeing a little more pressure on the margins or do you think that has led to continue for many more years and to insulate you guys from what we are seeing from this quarter and most recent quarters on margin pressure? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Ali, well Ill handle your second question first. In terms of productivity going forward, the bucket which we drive productivity, we call operating expenses about $28 billion bucket. Its got a natural rate of inflation of about 3% to 4% partly because the bucket is more tilted internationally where inflation rates are higher. So I do think weve got years and years of productivity to come into the future. Im not here to announce a specific new program right now beyond what weve announced, but I do think we have lots of opportunity out there for further productivity. Regarding your question on whether we can continue to drive growth through the P&L funded by productivity. I think broadly the answer to that is yes, in a lot of ways I think that the third quarter was reflective of the timing of our pricing decisions where we decided to take those post Q3 rather than during the quarter which obviously pressured margins a little bit, and it was also reflective of continued investments that we are making in top line growth initiatives, whether its advertising and marketing which was up about 6% in the quarter, R&D spending was up about 22% in the quarter, e-commerce spending was roughly double in the quarter. So I think in many ways what you saw was a timing issue in terms of the timing of commodity increases versus the pricing increase and continued investment in the business while delivering the short-term performance that frankly in many ways has been emblematic [ph] of interest entire 12 years in running the company or posture in doing so over the last 20 or more years with the company.
Indra Nooyi: Ali and Ill answer your first question in my closing comments for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you, good morning and congratulations Indra and best wishes from me as well. So I guess first on the guidance used so the FX [ph] obviously came down by about a percent, the core EPS didnt change, the revenue went up, the tax rate came down so maybe theres a little bit of additional pressure kind of between those lines, so maybe a little bit color there. And then just follow up on NAV pricing, so Q3, post Q3 the price increase, can you just give us a little bit color just the magnitude of the price increases and the category that you have announced the price increases and where you think the elasticity might be in terms of the pricing impact? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so in terms of the  the point that you made regarding the P&L. Weve said all along to the degree that we have upsides from tax and things like that we intend to deliver our guidance and invest back in the business. You just heard me articulate a few of the areas that weve been investing in. Regarding pricing in the market place what we said broadly is the pricing will be somewhere in the low to mid single digits and that pricing is basically in right now in the beverage business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning, thank you. Indra, I was hoping to just take this opportunity to ask you kind of as you look forward and you think about what are the biggest opportunity do you think that are still ahead for PepsiCo what do think some of the biggest challenges are and into the loss that has been built under your watch to continue development for example of DST in the U.S. and that weve got this dramatic changes in retail. So if you could just give us some thoughts on kind of opportunities but then also some of the challenges and adjustments that might need to be made in the business model going forward as you set to your retirements in the company? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Lauren. And I think PepsiCo has the scale and scope to remain one of the most successful food and beverage companies well into the future. I think over the years weve assembled the portfolio that is very synergistic, has tremendous growth potential and more importantly weve built out a geographic footprint which is quite impressive. Going forward, I think theres still tremendous amount of growth available in emerging markets. I think theres growth available and re-thinking some of our businesses as platforms rather than just products. For example, we still havent fully exploited how snacks can be mini meals and what we can do with the combination of our snacks and dips [ph] and thats something our teams are looking at very seriously. How do we look at sports beverages more as holistic sports nutrition on a sports field platform and our teams are looking at that? And so our growth prospects whether its a development markets or the developing markets and emerging markets is actually what we imagine it to be, not necessarily what the reported numbers are, so thats the first topline opportunity. I think the wonderful thing about PepsiCo is that we reinvent ourselves constantly, whether its rethinking innovation and top line new capabilities we need to invest behind, or if its re-thinking the cost structure. As Ive said to many of you I think theres lot of technology driven disruptions that are coming down the pie that are going to force us to rethink many many parts of our cost structure, but we started that work several years ago and I think over the next year or so you will start seeing a lot of these taking root, and how we implement these in the company and reshape our cost structure for the new realities is really going to separate the great companies from the not so great companies and Im confident PepsiCo is among the great companies and we will re-shape our cost structure using technology as a big driver and I think will also use data analytics and insights to think about innovation a whole lot differently. So I feel good about where we are. We have made a lot of investments, the trick now is to keep investing in the company judiciously so that we deliver a good balance of short term results and make investments to keep this engine going into the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning and congratulations to Hugh and Indra, we all wish you really the very best in the future. And I had a quick question on your guidance. Your outlook for organic sales is now slightly higher for the year, but it implies a sequential deceleration in Q4, so could you guys first reconcile that for us and then whether you are being conservative or is there something else going on and then I was also hoping to hear an update on your current thinking on the strategic options you are exploring for your beverage business in North America, guess Im wondering if you guys have made any more progress and you know determining the right path for this business and really what your latest thoughts are on potential benefits of refranchising? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to jump in on that. Number one, I would remind you that the Q4 lap on revenue is more difficult that Q3 was so while the guidance does imply a sequential slowdown in Q4 some of our thinking is driven by that. And frankly the guidance weve laid out there is at least 3%, so well see how the quarter comes. And regarding North America beverage and refranchising nothing new to report on that. Weve said we look at it as we always do, the one thing that I would say generally is we do think the integrated system does make us more innovative, it does make us faster to respond to customer needs and it does make us more cost competitive. So those are the hurdles that we have to overcome if we were to see some benefit to refranchising in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Caroline Levy: Good morning and  and hi Indra congratulations and really cant wait to see what you are up to next, and youve been a great role model for many women, so congratulations. I just  my question is on Frito North America where the margin growth hasnt been as robust this year as it has historically and Im wondering how you are thinking about the fourth quarter which has a very difficult lap. I know you had some one-time payments in the first quarter on bonuses, but as Frito has always been such a great driver of growth for the total company Frito, North America is there a point at which the margin expansion story thinking longer term maybe needs to slow as you invest in new opportunities?
Hugh Johnston: Hey Caroline, its Hugh. I think the answer to your question is no, because we think that, that business is so strong in its ability to leverage new ideas and new technology and to scale them relatively quickly to provide increased margin overtime. In terms of the short term numbers that you are speaking to, what are the factors affecting Frito-Lay this year is transport cost. Now transport in Frito was more heavily internal relative to beverages which uses more common carriers. So beverages has been more exposed to the driver shortage and the impact in terms of transport cost, but Frito-Lay is not immune to that it does use some common carrier and there is some wage inflation and the driver pool is well up. One of the things you will see Frito-Lay do is take some pricing in the fourth quarter particularly in single served which I think will mitigate the impact of the inflation and you will see their margin performance return to a more normal, a more normal margin improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, thank you and Indra thank you for making history and best wishes for you and Ramon as well.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. My question is related to NAB, why are we encouraged to see the volumes return to positive, but the trends continue to decelerate on a two-year stag, so how should we think about volume performance on a sequential basis as you move through the fourth quarter, Im assuming that you are going to have some of the results of your increased investments and also execution that strayed? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea, Im not going to  I dont want to get into guidance on a division specific perspective and on a division specific quarterly perspective particularly not. I would view it as the business is both improving but its improving in a broad based way. So watching volume alone may not be as meaningful as watching the combination of volume and revenue particularly in light of the fact that where were seeing the best growth is often times in non-carbs and premium products which are obviously they moved the needle less on volume but they moved the needle on revenue in a substantive way. So, again I think the message here in terms of North America beverage is continued sequential improvement in the overall business. The pricing will obviously help in Q4 as well and we think we are getting that business back on track with the investments behind the advertising and the innovation that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Steve.
Hugh Johnston: Hey, good morning.
Steve Powers: Good morning and congrats and thank you from me as well Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Steve.
Steve Powers: I guess  I had a question on I guess the question that Brian asked earlier on sort of a different perspective. If we step back and look at whats happened over the course of the summer with the official creation of KBP [ph] with the alliance between Nestle and Starbucks with Coke purchasing body armor and then cost to coffee and your own action with SodaStream it just- it feels like there is a tremendous amount of activity and change all across beverages right now. I just  Ive loved your thoughts as to why there is so much activity right now and what does it say about the feature of the LRB category and PepsiCos role in it amidst all this change? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. You know Steve I agree with you there is a large amount of activity right now and you just sighted a couple of competitors coming at it from a couple of different angles. I dont want to speculate on their strategies as those are questions probably best asked of them. I do think you have people using different approaches to reach for growth and to reconstruct their portfolios to some degrees. From PepsiCos perspective by and large we like the construction of our portfolio right now, its been built over the better part of the last two decades and we think its well positioned to compete, well positioned to innovate on as we build on the platforms that have existed here for a long time. SodaStream, I wouldnt compare to the other things that you have citied, I think its an exception to the rule because it actually gets into a market that we werent playing in at all up until now and frankly I dont think any of the other people that you mentioned are playing in a substantive way at all later, so I wouldnt compare our move in SodaStream with some of the other competitive moves because I think its driven by a new opportunity for us as opposed to getting into categories that some of those folks already in that just werent scaled up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Vivian.
Vivien Azer: Good morning, Indra and congratulations. One of the things that I think is rung through through your tenure at Pepsi and certainly coming through a lot and here on this call is the focus on innovation and how that really helps differentiate the story. So with that in mind, I was wondering whether you could speak at all to how Pepsi is thinking about an opportunity in Canadas based products and specifically non-psyhcoactive cannabis as an additive to non-alcohol drinks. Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: I mean, really I dont have anything to say, but Hugh, I dont know if you want to add something there.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I mean obviously we  I think its fair to say we look at everything, but I think that the difficulties in investing in that category particularly in the U.S. were federally these things are still not legal or quite a considerable challenge. So, we look at everything but certainly no plans at this point to do anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Amit.
Amit Sharma.: Hi, good morning everyone. Hi, good morning, Indra and very best wishes for you after the retirement here. Two questions if I may. One, Hugh to your response on the NAB franchising and perfectly [Indiscernible] answer, I just wanted to look at it from, when you look at your potential partners from a bowling side, if that also a consideration in your decision to keep the current structure imtact?And then second, as we look to the end of this year or next year, there is a ton of contribution from below the line in terms of EPS, as you look at next year how much room do you have in that below the line in terms of flexibility or should we expect operating profit to be generally in line with earnings throughout next year?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Amit happy to answer both of those. In terms of the potential bottling partners we have a lot of high quality bottlers in our business, so thats not a factor in the decision. The factors are the ones that I mentioned earlier. Regarding your question on 2019, we are always quite disciplined around not talking of our guidance for 2019 or even things that potentially impact guidance until we get to that year, so well talk about that in February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of SIG.
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you, all the best Indra. All the best, two quick questions if I can. You know a bit forward think in terms of snacks, it seems to me that yes, Frito is very strong and salty, but a lot of innovation its more on the savory side I would argue. We have seen a lot of the food companies coming into to snacks, so just help us frame how Pepsi fits in there, because from my perspective the company obviously protects its very strong salty franchise and they have seen adjacencies very lightly maybe perhaps not to dilute the core, but the market seems to be moving and shifting away from salty into those other categories, so is that a concern how should we think about that? And the second very, very brief is there room for a closer collaboration with Starbucks in the case of coffee. I mean, obviously Starbuck now is doing things with Nestle overseas and in the U.S. is there room for Pepsi to do something with Nescafe for example if you can comment on that, thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Pablo, its Hugh. Regarding Frito-Lay I think weve continued to inch out of salty into savory, really over the course of the past decade or more whether its our Sabra joint venture or whether its Stacys, there is a lot of examples where weve gotten beyond salty and into savory. I think the good news is the combination of our consumer insights which are broad-based around how people consume snacks, I think leads us into savory in a fairly effective way. The reality of it is consumers don't think in these industrial terms like salty or savory. They think about occasions and they think about what they feel like eating. Frito-Lay's insights I think are extremely well-positioned to pick the right areas to go and to develop the right products to take advantage of those consumer opportunities. And then in addition to that, the scale of the Frito-Lay operation, once a decision is made to enter a new subcategory, I think allows us to be very very successful very very quickly. The scale being from the perspective of brands, from the production systems, from the distribution systems, so I think you'll see Frito-Lay continue to be very successful in the savory area. Regarding your second question around Starbucks, look, we've had the Starbucks partnership now for the better part of 20 years. It's been remarkably successful for both of us. I think you'll continue to see us expand and build on the relationship with Starbucks.
Indra Nooyi: The only thing we're not going to do again is the restaurant business with Starbucks.
Hugh Johnston: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein: Good morning and congratulations. Two questions, Indra, a little bit more big picture. First, a few years ago you describe and I think you were talking more about the U.S. consumer is somewhat confused on health and wellness issues in terms of how they were viewing sugar and artificial sweeteners. I think there's probably three years ago. So I'd loved to get an update in terms of your thinking about U.S. consumers is looking at the health and wellness space and particularly with regards to sugar and artificial sweeteners? And then the other question is perhaps maybe give us a little bit more insight into your successor. Obviously he has done a fantastic job on the international front, but maybe a little bit of thought of kind of the things that he's done in his past that could be very helpful with the rest of the organization? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. So I'll just speak to the U.S. consumer. What we have been seeing over the past three years is that even though there's occasional confusion on artificial sweeteners good for you or not, why not real sugar. What's wrong with the high fructose corn syrup, those kinds of questions, there is a general trend towards health and wellness, whether its consumption of more zero calorie, flavored waters or drinking diet products or lower calorie products, there's definitely a trend towards whole grains, closer to nature. So that trend might vary in speed year-over-year, but the trend is there. And as a millennials age, I think they are driving this trend more and more. And the availability of more healthy products whether its ready prepared meals or home delivery of anything that's healthy is actually taking away any barriers to buying a healthier products whether it's better for you or good for you products. So I think you're going to see an acceleration towards that trend as the years go by. Now Ramon is an outstanding executive and you'll get a chance to get to know him over the next few weeks and months. The good thing is a lot of the trends we are seeing in the U.S. have already happened in Europe, whether its retail consolidation, whether its trends towards health and wellness, competition amongst all of the European food and beverage companies where warehouse delivered products are really have to negotiate to the retailers, all of those trends, Ramon is a veteran of. And he's going to bring all those skills to the United States. Second as you know over the last year as President, Ramon has been leading the productivity program for the company, been leading innovation. So I think he's uniquely suited to bring a fresh pair of eyes to everything we do here in North America while preserving its knowledge of the international market. Finally, he's just a good guy. I think you'll find his mix of operating expertise, plus his ability to think about customers, consumers, and bring the two together, to be refreshing. So get to know him. I think you will be very happy with what you see.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Indra Nooyi: Hello, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, Indra, good morning, Hugh. Indra, so let me first congratulate you on for having been at the forefront of consumer goods company with performance [indiscernible] your vision that redefine, I think, the company role in society and embrace, I mean, the new reality of consumer mindset. So having seen this from the insight I can only relay your passion and commitment were second to none.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you.
Laurent Grandet: So, maybe something you will cover in your closing remarks, what will you have done differently should you have the opportunity to rewind time? And then more in the business, right now, your campaign, Pepsi generations and increased A&M behind the brand did probably enough to stabilize the brand Pepsi this year? Now, good thing that the campaign was probably pleasing to boomers with some nostalgia retro back, but not sure it's attracting the consumer into the franchise. So could you please share with us Pepsi specific, I mean, brand KPIs especially as -- in regards to millennial consumers, please?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So as you might imagine that the KPIs on Pepsi are the ones that you would traditionally look at. First, the highest level market share performance and velocities in the stores from a consumer perspective we tend to look at purchase intent regard relevance to consumers. A lot of this stuff is done through survey work. And we have seen over time the metrics that we measure while it may not be immediately responsive. They do tend to prove out over time sales trends both positively and negatively. And the good news is what we are starting to see are given the increases in advertising early green shoots of improvement in those performance metrics, that again do overtime tend to correlate with sales performance.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you all for your questions. Just, let me make some closing comments. After 12 years at the helm of the company, today is my final day as CEO. It ends my 24-year career as a PepsiCo Executive. I have been blessed to have had the opportunity to lead such a great company and work with such incredible people including our outstanding board, executives and other associates, our customers and other partners, our shareholders and all our other stakeholders. You know 12 years is a long time as a CEO, and even though I have a lot of fuel still left in my tank. I wanted to do something different with my life. Spend more time with my family and give the next generation in PepsiCo a chance to lead this great company. Throughout my tenure however, we've strived to achieve a difficult balance between attending to short term pressures while managing for the long-term. And I'll leave today proud of the work our team has done. We were pioneers in business sustainability and social responsibility and embedded the sense of purpose in everything PepsiCo does guided by our Performance with Purpose philosophy. We have transformed our product portfolio by growing our good for you and better for you option from about 38% of revenue in 2006 to roughly 50% in 2017.  We more than doubled our investment in research and development to expand our more nutritious offerings and minimize our environmental impact. We became an even more valued partner to our retail customers. We were selected as a number one food and beverage supply in the United States in the most recent 2017 Advantage Report and named Best-in-Class Manufacturer by Kantar for the second year in a row. We've made positive contributions to communities around the globe in which we operate through our support of access to clean drinking water, human rights, nutrition, agricultural programs and many more initiatives. And we invested significantly new capabilities in areas like design and e-commerce to better position our company for a successful future. In the midst of managing the business for the long-term, we also delivered strong and consistent financial performance specifically during the period 2006 to 2017. Net revenue grew more than 80%. We added a new billion dollar brand almost every other year. We returned $79 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our market capitalization increased by $68 billion. Dividends per share nearly tripled from $1.16 to $3.17, and we generated total shareholder return of 162%. Finally and very importantly, we have been on Ethisphere's list of most ethical companies for the past 12 years. For all of this I am grateful to my outstanding PepsiCo associates who gave so much to PepsiCo and me over the past 12 years. And now, Im handing the reins to Ramon Laguarta, who becomes PepsiCos sixth CEO. Ramon is a terrific executive with a long and proven track record of growing businesses. He has a deep understanding of the changing preferences of consumers and other critical trends unfolding around the world, and he has demonstrated that he knows how to navigate them successfully. He has been a critical partner to me in running the company and Im confident he will lead PepsiCo to new and greater heights in the years to come. The potential for PepsiCo is enormous. Finally, I want to thank you, our investors and analysts. During my time as CEO and CFO, Ive had a lot of spirited and fascinating conversations with many of you. Ive always valued your perspectives even in those instances when we may have disagreed. You often challenged me, offered your opinions and provided different perspectives. My interactions with you over the years helped make me a better executive and helped make PepsiCo a better company. Thank you all for your time today and your engagement through the years. And thank you for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays PepsiCo third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-10 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan Pablo Zuanic - SIG Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Steve Powers - Deutsche Bank Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets Bill Chappell - SunTrust
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. We will lead off todays call with a review of our second quarter performance and full year 2018 outlook and then we will move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2018 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. When discussing our financial results on todays call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items, such as the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other tax related items, foreign exchange translation and acquisitions, divestitures, structural and other changes from our reported results. You should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos website under the Events and Presentations tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. Now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us. We will start off with an overview of second quarter performance and a discussion of each of the operating sectors in a little more detail and then Hugh will cover the full year outlook. For the quarter, we delivered $16.1 billion of net revenue driven by 2.6% organic revenue growth and core earnings of $1.61 per share, a 7% increase on a core constant currency basis. Overall, we are pleased with our operating and financial performance in the quarter especially given continued commodity inflation and other headwinds in the quarter such as the Brazil transportation strike. In the quarter, organic revenue growth accelerated sequentially from the first quarter. The majority of our businesses performed very well, with particularly strong performances by Frito-Lay North America and each of the international sectors and NAB, North American Beverages posted another quarter of sequential improvement in both organic revenue and operating profit performance. Frito-Lay North America delivered balanced volume growth and net price realization driven by great marketplace execution, innovation and creative brand marketing. For example to address consumers desire for greater flavor and product variety in single-serve multi-packs, we launched a 20-count Family Fun mix that includes an array of products from Lays to Cheetos to Ruffles with an expanded mix of flavors and this clearly help drive 10% net revenue growth in our overall variety pack business. We launched Ruffles Mozzarella 'n Marinara, our latest bar food inspired flavor to meet the expectations of existing fans and capture the attention of new consumers seeking a unique and fun flavor experience. And this contributed to Ruffles 10% net revenue growth in the quarter. And Doritos Blaze launched earlier this year with the most talked about Super Bowl ad continues to perform well above our initial expectations and contributed to 6% net revenue growth in trademark Doritos in Q2. So overall, we are feeling very good about Frito-Lay North Americas performance and momentum. Turning to North American Beverages, the marketplace remains highly dynamic, but generally rational. With this as a backdrop, we are encouraged by the trending improvement in both net revenue and operating profit performance. After a slow start in the earlier part of the second quarter both for the category and North American Beverages, we saw momentum improve and a return to net revenue growth in the back half of Q2. Within the business, trademark Pepsi continued to make progress towards more stable performance. As we mentioned last quarter, we have stepped up media support on trademark Pepsi under the Pepsi generations campaign. As a result in the second quarter, we began to see improvement in a number of key brand health metrics that is leading to better net revenue performance as the year progresses. So, we intend to stay the course increasing investment behind brand support in the second half of the year with the aim of driving further top line improvement. At the same time, we remain laser focused on higher growth categories with appropriate brand investment and robust innovation. For example, bubly, a cleverly marketed new entrant in the fast growing sparkling water segment launched earlier this year and it continues to perform exceedingly well. Gatorade Zero, our latest hydration innovation with zero sugar and all the electrolytes of Gatorade just launched and is off to a great start. More importantly, trends on overall Gatorade performance have also recently accelerated and we are excited by the return of Mountain Dew Baja Blast, our summer limited time offer that just hit the shelves. So overall, we have seen sequential quarterly improvement at NAB and we expect to see continued acceleration in top line performance in the third quarter. At Quaker Foods North America, our hot cereal business posted its fourth consecutive quarter of market share gains and delivered mid single-digit retail sales growth supported by our new ad campaign highlighting the functional benefits of oatmeal. In addition, Quaker light snacks had double-digit retail sales growth in our Aunt Jemima pancake business, grew both retail sales and market share for the seventh consecutive quarter. Turning now to our sectors outside of North America, we are pleased with more than 6% organic revenue growth we saw in our developing and emerging market as a group. Strong marketplace execution combined with stable macro conditions have led to continued solid growth across many of our key international markets though growth was negatively impacted by the 11-day transportation strike that broadly disrupted commerce in Brazil. Within Latin America, organic revenue grew 3.5% driven by mid single-digit digit growth in Mexico and double-digit growth in Argentina and Colombia. We estimate the Brazil strike depressed overall net revenue growth for Latin America by approximately 2 percentage points. In our Europe sub-Saharan Africa sector, Russia, Poland and South Africa each grew organic revenue high single-digits and Turkey had double-digit organic revenue growth. Even within the developed markets of Europe, we saw mid single-digit organic revenue growth in the UK and high single-digit growth in France. And in AMENA, we had strong double-digit organic revenue growth in China and Egypt, high single-digit organic revenue growth in Pakistan and Australia, and solid mid single-digit organic revenue growth in India. This strong top line performance translated into impressive bottom line results with core constant currency operating profit up 12% in our international divisions as a group fueled by fundamental operating performance and the gain this year from the Thailand refranchising partially offset by lapping the gain from our sale of Britvic shares in 2017. The international results are in part a reflection of our efforts to increasingly lift and shift successful initiatives from one market to many and innovating on our big global brands in locally relevant ways. For instance, in Latin America, we are innovating with Quaker Super Foods, a new premium platform with differentiated ingredients such as oats with rye, amaranth, flaxseed and quinoa. In ESSA, we have lifted and shifted Off the Eaten Path, a premium range of plant-based snacks from the U.S. to the United Kingdom. And in AMENA, we have taken our successful Sunbites platform from the U.S. to Australia by launching Sunbites Grain Waves Plus with the goodness of Australian whole grain corn, wheat and oats for beetroot and sweet potato. At the same time, they have also launched in the U.S., Red Rock Deli, one of our most successful brands in Australia. Net, we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing across many of our key international markets. NAB is making steady improvement and Frito-Lay North America is performing well. Importantly, as we have managed the business for strong performance today, we are also taking steps to enable to continue to perform well in the decades ahead. We are pleased to report that in the coming days we will publish our most recent sustainability report discussing our progress against and commitments to our sustainability goals. We encourage you to read the full report, but Id like to take just a few minutes this morning to provide you with the highlights. We are in millions of pantries and refrigerators worldwide. So we know we have a tremendous opportunity and responsibility to use our scale to make a positive impact on the world. Our customers, employees and partners feel good knowing that there is a shared journey of sustainable transformation making our products more nutritious and more resource efficient, dialing up the taste while reducing our environmental footprint. Our investors can feel good knowing this makes us a stronger business over the long-term, that we can also do well by also doing good. 12 years ago, we embarked on a journey of PepsiCo, as we call, Performance with Purpose. Since then, much has changed at PepsiCo and around the world, but the underlying principles behind Performance with Purpose remain. Much of our early work on Performance with Purpose requires us to think differently about our business and make the kinds of long-term investments from researching and developing new more nutritious products to finding ways to reduce water and energy use across plants and farms that will help us deliver on the vision of making our growth, our operations and our impact more sustainable. Sustainability has been defined as meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. Over the last dozen years, we have tried to meet the needs of the present, while strengthening the ability of future generations to meet this integrating that aspiration into our goals for products, planet and people. Let me briefly comment on each. When it comes to products, we have built on our legacy as the first company to voluntarily remove trans-fats from our snacks by reducing added sugars, sodium and saturated fat in many of our products launching a revolutionary nutrition-focused vending option, Hello Goodness and growing our portfolio of what we define as Good for You and Better for You options from about 38% of revenue in 2006 to roughly 50% last year. We also teamed up with others in our industry to form The Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation removing 6.4 trillion calories from our food and beverage products surpassing our collective pledge by more than 400%. And through Food for Good, we have provided 18 million nutritious servings to low income U.S. families since 2009. Regarding planet, we have raised the bar for what it means to be a responsible corporate water steward earning the prestigious Stockholm Industry Water Award. We have invested more than $40 million since 2006 to provide safe water access around the world benefiting nearly 16 million people in some of the planets most water stress regions. We have also made our delivery fleet more energy efficient eliminating the need for over 1 million gallons of diesel fuel since our electric vehicle initiative began in 2010. The equivalent of keeping more than 2,000 passenger cars off the road for the year, while also making our beverage coolers and vending machines 60% more energy-efficient and we are one of the worlds largest purchasers of recycled PET. In fact if more recycled PET were available we would buy it. We have also launched the first 100% compostable chip bag in test markets, while diverting more and more of our waste from landfill, approximately 95% as of 2017. And for people, we have re-imagined what it means to support our associates from ushering onsite and near-site childcare campuses around the world to expanding PepsiCo Universitys online course offerings to help associates upgrade their skills to navigate our rapidly changing world. We have also helped lift up the communities we serve playing a critical role in disaster relief efforts from Texas to Florida and Puerto Rico, Mexico to Ecuador and China to the Philippines. While we still have work to do in certain areas, we are incredibly proud of the progress we have made. Our aspiration of being a good company, good ethically and good commercially continues to come to fruition using a broader, more lasting impact than we ever imagined and setting a standard that companies across our industry and beyond aspire to meet. Looking ahead, we will continue viewing our work through both the microscope and a telescope, focusing on the most granular details, grams of saturated fats, parts per billion of greenhouse gas, the number of women in management roles as well as the larger ambition of building a business that acts in accordance with our values, each of us striving to do whats right for the company and what is right for our communities, because at the end of the day, there is no separating the two. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. I will just provide a quick update on the outlook and then we will move to your questions. From a macro perspective, we maintain a fairly positive view overall. However within this broadly positive picture, there remains risk of volatility both in geographic markets as we saw in Brazil in the most recent quarter and in currencies as witnessed by the recent sharp rise in the strength of the U.S. dollar. From an industry standpoint, we continue to see pretty challenging conditions, including a dynamic retail and consumer landscape, a very competitive environment and ongoing commodity inflation. So putting this all together in considering our year-to-date performance, our guidance for 2018 remains unchanged. Specifically, we expect organic revenue growth at least in line with our 2017 growth rate or 2.3%. As we move through the year, our expectation is that we will continue to see some levels of gross margin compression from inflationary input costs. Normally, you would expect to see the gross margin contraction offset with SG&A productivity, but as we have stated previously with the benefit of a lower effective tax rate in 2018, we are making investments to fortify the business as well as having funded the U.S. frontline bonus and these investments will largely offset productivity driven margin improvement. We expect our core effective tax rate to be in the low 20s and we expect core earnings per share of $5.70 or a 9% increase compared to 2017 core earnings per share of $5.23. We expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise disciplined capital allocation with prudent reinvestment into the business. For 2018, we continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $6 billion, which includes approximately $9 billion in cash flow from operations, including a $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution made in the first quarter and net capital spending of approximately $3.6 billion. We continue to expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2018 with cash dividends of approximately $5 billion, reflecting a 15% increase in the annualized dividend per share that began with the June payment and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models Id like to highlight the following. We expect our rate of earnings growth to be substantially higher in the fourth than in the third quarter. This is due to the timing of investments and the lapse associated with last years natural disasters. In addition, we expect the previously announced refranchising of our Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia business operations to benefit our fourth quarter earnings, and finally based on market consensus forecast, we expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact both net revenue and operating profit in the second half of the year reversing the ForEx benefits that we had in the first half. With that operator, we are ready to take the first question. Operator?
Indra Nooyi: Hello. Operator?
Jamie Caulfield: Hi, its Jamie Caulfield. We appear to be experiencing some technical difficulties in having your questions fed to us. So if I could ask you just to remain patient for a minute while we sort this out. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. So, Indra, clearly, there has been a lot of investor focus around the number of pressure points in the CPG industry in terms of pricing power brand demand fragmentation etcetera, etcetera and basically that some of the traditional advantages of larger CPG companies are breaking down. In that context, I was hoping you could give us some perspective on if there are areas of significant investment or operational changes at Pepsi going forward beyond what you have already done to help position the company versus some of those industry challenge is and how realistic a long-term high single-digit earnings growth algorithm beyond 2018 is if you need to reinvest it again some of those pressure points? And within that answer I was hoping specifically you could touch on price mix, you have obviously had strong pricing realization in the last few years with the inflationary commodities in the trade and tariff risk, Id love some updated thoughts on price mix also within that? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Dara. And first of all, I think you asked me about 10 questions within one question, but given that we had this technical difficulty, I guess you are entitled to ask these 10 questions. I think you asked a sort of very, very interesting questions, I think the changes we are seeing in the industry are quite interesting and I think the changes that we are seeing benefit companies that have already invested to build scale, building international footprint and have the right partnerships around the world. I think now its not the time for companies to go and plant flags in new countries and try to startup businesses. So, Id actually observe that the advantage CPG companies are small, niche single country companies with small brands who grow it to a certain level and then flip it or very large established scale companies who build businesses in multiple geographies. And I dont mean just planting the flag actually built scale. And I think PepsiCo is one of those few companies that have actually over the years invested to build scale, put the right partnerships in place, built a diversified portfolio and actually solidified our presence and we made all the investments over the years. So that part of the investment is behind us. This next tranche of investments relate to digitalization thinking through more automation in our plants, in our go-to-market systems figuring out how we can unleash more productivity, but more efficiency and effectiveness not just efficiency, if efficiency and effectiveness so that we can serve the changing retail world in more efficient and productive base, because retailers are going to go through their own changes and they are going to look at a few players to be the anchor suppliers to them while they handle with all kinds of changes with a large portion of the CPG world. And I think PepsiCo with its DSD systems and with its high velocity categories, its brand portfolio, and most importantly, innovation becomes a very valuable partner across the world. I mean I have often said this to you, when we had just snacks and beverages going to large European retailers, we were like 37 in a number of 50 on the list now with our combined approach and the Power of One approach, we are in the top 5 or top 7 suppliers driving a lot of the growth. They look at us and say there are these large companies the drive a lot of growth in our anchor suppliers that we should just have great relationships with, leave them aside, while we focus on all of the other players that we need to either prune the portfolio or figure out how to make them more efficient. So we are making investments in digitalization, more automation in plants, rethinking our innovation process and making sure that we fragment or segment our innovation between premium, mid and value and deal with each country and each marketplace with that sort of an architecture. And then we are getting better and better lifting and shifting across the world. So, there I dont think that a big burst of innovation required. All that we are doing is investing as we go along. And I think Hugh talked about the fact that we have been making investments in the business. We have been doing that deliberately and carefully over the years. And we are going to continue to do that. We are going to look for ways to unleash productivity and every time we have productivity we are going to see how we judiciously reinvest in the business that we can keep this engine going. And in terms of price mix, innovation is a big driver of price mix as is revenue management and we are improving our revenue management skills all the time applying more digital tools. When it comes to innovation, we are thinking more and more about segmenting on innovation and we are also thinking about how to incubate a niche company within our big company and thats what we are focused on in every big region of the world. So overall, we feel very comfortable with our overall strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, thank you and good morning. So I appreciate your answer to that, but I was hoping if you can update us on your outlook for NAB since the last call as you are considering strategic alternatives? And in light of this combined approach with technology I just mentioned using the European example I would appreciate if you can elaborate? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: I will provide some opening comments, Andrea and then pass it to Hugh to give more color. What we told you in the last call is that you should expect to see sequential improvement in North American Beverage performance. Thats exactly what we are focused on and thats what we are delivering. Every part of the business in North American Beverages is showing sequential improvement. In the second part of Q2, we saw significant improvement in performance and as we go into Q3, we feel good about the trend rate. We are playing a very responsible game in terms of advertising and pricing. And with commodity inflation, we will continue to play a responsible  take a responsible position in this marketplace by pushing through pricing. So at the end of the day, our North American Beverage business, which participates in a highly competitive category needs to be managed very, very carefully especially at a time when there are changes in the marketplace from lots of competitive activity. And look there is always going to be short-term preservations when our competitors go through major changes in their business models, our challenge is to maintain a very steady hand and make the PepsiCo portfolio work for us and thats what we have been doing. I dont know Hugh if you want to add anything to this?
Hugh Johnston: The only thing I would add, Indra, is hopefully you all have seen that this management team is always focused on creating value both in the short-term and in the long-term and achieving the right balance between the two. And as we look at all of the businesses that, that is our most significant focus and I think we will continue to do that just as we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of SIG.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you. Good morning, Indra. Good morning, everyone. Two quick questions. One, I understand that you are reinvesting in the tax benefits, but can you clarify whether thats more heavily geared to reinvesting in beverages or is it pretty much evenly across the business? And the second question which is related to that when you see a success that Coca-Cola has had with the Diet Coke new products and with Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, any thoughts in terms of how things would be done different on the Pepsi side of things? And the reason I asked that is that if the brands themselves having been improved in terms of innovation, how much is reinvestment and more marketing going to help? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Pablo, we reinvested tax benefits on additional media for NAB and wherever the businesses needed investment, we put it in. The idea is not just to invest, its to reinvest judiciously, so that we get return from the investments. And we also reinvested some of the tax benefits in our frontline bonus, so that especially people in the United States where the tax benefits of really accrued can benefit from the upside. Now, when it comes to our North American Beverage business, we are investing in CSDs, especially trademark Pepsi. And we are investing more in trademark Pepsi, because we saw stepped up investment in media from our competition. So we are doing that. When it comes to the Zero Sugar portfolio both between Diet Pepsi and Pepsi Zero Sugar, Pepsi Zero Sugar is growing extremely well. I mean, its  I hate to use the word flying off the shelves but is doing exceedingly well. When it comes to Diet Pepsi, Diet Pepsi is also back to good performance. And I have to tell you the flavor portfolio on Diet Pepsi and whatever competition launched, you might want to look at the numbers in a little bit more detail, because I think its a mixed bag. We have to be careful not to throw too much innovation to this marketplace and sort of obfuscate the numbers from our perspective, Zero Sugar portfolio between Diet and Zero Sugar is doing well and is doing well on the sustained consistent basis and we are playing the long game, Pablo, in terms of overall liquid refreshment beverages. And we think that, thats the right way to play this beverage game and we feel good about where we are headed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hugh, I just wanted to pickup on you made a comment in terms of the forward guidance about gross margins still being under pressure in the second half. So, I guess couple of questions. I guess that implies we should expect that gross margins might be down in the second half? And then maybe what some of the pressure points are whats sort of inflation and I guess also maybe transactional FX, if you could just kind of walk us through whats going to drive that pressure in gross margins in the second half and maybe what mitigation you might have as we look forward into 19?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bryan, happy to do that. So, a couple of comments. When I say gross margins under pressure, I am talking about relatively nominal pressures we have seen over the last several quarters. A combination of a couple of factors on gross margin, number one, obviously commodity inflation has picked up a bit. Certainly, we have seen a bit more in oil and in addition to that in aluminum; second, transport costs have also been under some pressure with the driver shortage in the United States; and then third, in international markets, as you know where we have seen some inflation, we do tend to price a bit behind inflation and try to drive productivity in order to offset that and then obviously we are reinvesting the tax benefit in the form of new capabilities. So, you dont see the productivity flow through as you normally might in SG&A. So, those are the several factors that are driving it. Overall as I said, we expect full year to be on the 9% that we originally committed to and we are balancing the internal workings of the P&L to make that happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. So just wanted to ask a little bit more about the sustainability of your results going forward along three dimensions. First, is the sustainability of one-timers like Thailand and Britvic and coming up on Czech Republic here in your core results, should we continue to expect things like that to be a consistent part of your algorithm going forward? How much more of those types of things you have to sell? Second, in terms of pricing, it continues to be a big driver obviously for Latin America and you are willing to continue to sacrifice a little bit of volume there again, how much longer you think that sustainable? And then third on NAB improvements very pleased that they are on track both you and I, can you give us more about whether you believe that was actually driven by advertising increases, was there an advertising increase in particular in NAB overall as opposed to just Pepsi, could you call that Pepsi, because you called out Pepsi, but I dont see it in the release for the segment, NAB or is there something else that drove that improvement and so will that improvement you guys believe continue not just going to this quarter, but going forward?
Indra Nooyi: I am going to take the third one and then Hugh, I am going to toss it to you to talk about the first two, okay. NAB improvement, again, Ali as I mentioned, we are playing the LRB game. We are looking to improve our position in the liquid refreshment beverage category, because we play in pretty much every category in LRB most of them with very, very strong brands. And in terms of A&M spending, we increased A&M spending on trademark Pepsi as we mentioned we were going to do and because the A&M gets curved in, you will see the benefits flowing through in Q3 and Q4 more as we go through and we are seeing the improvement in brand health metrics and we are seeing a sequential improvement in the performance of the business. So believe me, we have focused maniacally on tracking the performance and the result of all of our increased spending. And what we are seeing in the results, that gives us confidence to tell you what we told you on the call today. So on balance, we are feeling good about the NAB performance trends. Now, let me turn it to Hugh to talk about the one-timers and pricing, especially in countries like  regions like Latin America.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to, Ali. In terms of one-timers, if you look at our record over the last 4 or 5 years, we have always had some one-timers whether its refranchising the businesses or sales of businesses or assets. So thats going to continue to be a factor as it has been. In terms of Latin America, without a doubt, where you have high inflation environments, we have tended to price through the vast majority of that inflation. And as a result, its improved our revenue results sometimes at the expense of volume. As you see the inflation rates come down in those countries, obviously our pricing will diminish, but we do expect that our volume will pickup as a result of that and we expect to continue to see strong results out of Latin America and other places that have historically had high inflation where the numbers have come down a bit.
Indra Nooyi: But I think the most important thing on one-timers, we dont do one-timers to deliver earnings, we do one-timers because we think its the right business model for those countries and what we are trying to do is to strengthen the core business, so that they have the right partner to boost the performance of that beverage business in certain markets we will franchise it to them and if think we have better off operating it, we will do that. So I think we use one-timers in a very judicious strategic way to improve the overall performance of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Good morning. So, Indra, I guess I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the Gatorade performance, trends have gotten a little better recently the comps are getting easier, so maybe thats also helping. But just wanted to also get a better sense of maybe some of the brand health metrics that you talked about is really to maybe that was I think more of a Pepsi trademark comment, but on Gatorade specifically? And then as you think about Gatorade Zero, a little bit more color just in terms of the positioning of that particular line and how much marketing investments that you are making on that line? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Gatorade is actually doing very well and this weather is helping for sure, but the underlying Gatorade trademark is very, very strong and Gatorade always attracts new players into the marketplace and they come in with either lower prices or they try to come in and build distribution and they might take a few share points in any quarter or two, but then over time if you look at it over a period of 5 or 7 years, the Gatorade franchise has been extremely resilient and is basically held on to its leadership position. We have innovated to build shoulders with the Gatorade recovery drinks, the Gatorade Chews before you start exercising and then we have segmented along flavors and then across different sports. Many of our consumers wanted a Gatorade Zero for the light exercise who didnt want the carbohydrates that real athletes needed and so we launched Gatorade Zero. Even though there is Propel also, they wanted to be seen with the Gatorade. So, we launched Gatorade Zero and we keep advertising along the entire trademark and we have never wavered from advertising to athletes and to active exercises and thats going to be the continued focus of Gatorade. Its a very strong resilient franchise and we feel good about where it is and where its headed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. Thanks. I was curious you had mentioned sort of two different types of comments around brands and innovations. So one bucket was sort of the discussion of lift and shift continuing to support and build your biggest franchises and then Indra you also mentioned the idea of incubating niche brands or companies within market? So, I was curious if you could kind of put those two together and in particular what I have been most curious about is how PepsiCo is thinking about a small brand strategy if you want or need to have one in the beverage business, because when I look at some of the work you have done in the last 2 years, LIFEWTR, bubly, its very much a strategy of drive a blockbuster win, not build something slowly and patiently through single serve and discovery. So, I was curious your thoughts around the viability of a small brand strategy within PepsiCo and if that was something you are were focusing on? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Actually, its a great question, Lauren. Actually, if I look back especially the last 5 years of beverages, we have had some spectacular new products which for any small startup company would have been a blockbuster, but for PepsiCo because we have put it through DSD system unless it reaches the scale of a LIFEWTR or bubly in the first 12 to 18 months, we cant support it, because many times the space has to come out of the core cooler or the core isle and so we look at differential velocity and then the DSD system tends to kill it. And if I look at products like Lemon Lemon from last year, it was rated the best new product launch of last year. It reached a pretty impressive level of sales yet on the DSD system I didnt do that well, because it was cannibalizing space from a core CSD category. So what we have created now is this new entity within PepsiCo called The Hive. Its a separate group just like we did with e-commerce we have taken it out of the core headquarters. Its going to be an entrepreneurial group thats going to take some of the best new products that we launched and reached a certain size, but we never really allowed it to thrive in the DSD system we were nurtured and incubated in whatever distribution system they think is the best for it and when it reaches a certain size, we can decide whether it should come into the DSD system or not. And this group is also going to look at other venturing brands they can bring in and we want to create an environment where we have a business within a business, a small entrepreneurial sort of agile group thats thinking about the new age consumer that loves discovery brands, while allowing the big brands to thrive in the overall mothership. And this is not new to PepsiCo North America we are doing something like this in Europe. Its a very local business. So we have to be careful not to make it global. Its a very local business and we are going to play with these businesses, because there is a consumer that is willing to pay for discovery brands and they can reach a decent level of growth and so we are going to go off and see how to make it happen. We are feeling excited about what we have just launched. Lets see what happens in the next few months and years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Hey, good morning. Thanks. So going back to North America Beverages for a minute, it does indeed look like we are on track for a return to growth in the second half, which is great. I just love a little bit more context about what you might feel that the top success factors in that path, whether its key launch like Gatorade Zero better realize price mix as inflation builds more of an inflection in core Pepsi or just are there one or two priorities on your scorecard that you could call out for us that will be great? And then secondly as you have been open about your ongoing assessment of strategic options for the bottling utility as you called it whether thats constituting a standalone entity you are putting in the hands of multiple franchisees or keeping it as part of PepsiCo. I am just curious as to whether or not you have narrowed in on any subset of those options or what the timeframe might be for you be in a position to communicate your path forward to market? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Steve, happy to answer those questions. First, in terms of the priorities, if nothing else what we saw last year and we have certainly seen in this year we need to be able to both make sure the big businesses are on track in North America Beverages, those big businesses obviously are Pepsi, Mountain Dew and Gatorade. What we have seen over the last couple of quarters is certainly a strengthening in the Mountain Dew business both the core green bottle business as well as the innovation with Ice and now the return of Baja Blast, which has always been a Mountain Dew fan favorite. Second, obviously is Gatorade. Gatorade certainly is a business thats now back on track and we are very excited about the innovation. Gatorade Zero really meets, I think a very unmet need for the lapse Gatorade user, because as Indra pointed out earlier, they just dont want the calories, but they want the Gatorade brand. And then Pepsi, where we knew we needed to increase the advertising, we knew we needed to have a good campaign this year that obviously takes longer to do. The quantity is easier to turn on, but just getting it into consumers minds takes a period of time. So first sort of big priority is making sure the big businesses are doing well. Second is continue to execute against the innovations in the newer categories whether its bubly or continuing to execute LIFEWTR or continuing to make sure newer brands like KeVita do well. Thats the additive that sort of creates the growth in the business. The core brands grow at a certain rate and all of those new innovations create the incremental growth. So, I think we need to be able to do both North America Beverages obviously a big nuance complex business and we need to do more than one or two things well. We need to do most things well for that business to perform and thats what you see happening. Regarding strategic options nothing new to report on that, we will continue to look at options to create value not only in that business, but across all of our businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Indra Nooyi: Hey, Bonnie. Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Hi, good morning. So I just wanted to talk about Frito-Lay North America, your growth really has been impressive both on the top and bottom line. So, how sustainable is this from a long-term perspective? And then could you guys walk through for us any productivity initiatives that you have specifically implemented in Frito-Lay that you possibly could implement across the rest of your businesses? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: On the Frito-Lay, the reason the growth is impressive is because Frito-Play plays in salty snacks and the entire macro snacks space is there for the taking. And so Frito-Lay focuses on the core and then inches out of the core by taking occasions from the rest of macro snacks and the innovation engine is very geared to going out and building both frequency and penetration and picking up more and more snacking occasions. And as long as they keep doing that, they should be able to deliver the group. The DSD apparatus is an extremely impressive machine and that actually helps sustain Frito-Lays growth. In terms of productivity initiatives, we have talked about GES, Bonnie. GES is now rolling out to multiple locations. Its doing two things. One is delivering more productivity, but more importantly, its de-bottlenecking the system because its allowing us to put more SKUs and be more customer-specific in our picking. And so GES has actually been a big benefit for us and then deploying more digital technologies across Frito-Lay is actually delivering more productivity. The good news is as North America  tools that North American Beverages develops goes to Frito-Lay and what Frito-Lay develops, comes to North America. And so we have a wonderful transfer of knowledge and tests thats happening between the two businesses and so we can take the customer base both traditional trade up and down the street and big organized accounts and figure out how to serve them better, whether you call it geo box at our beverage business or GES in Frito-Lay, there is a lot of information exchange going on. And overall, I think both businesses are high velocity businesses and they are able to unleash productivity to reinvest to keep this growth engine going. Do you want to add anything, Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: No, I think you captured it very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Hi, good morning everyone. Hugh, a quick clarification, you did say you expect to take pricing in NAB CSGs, can you talk about how quickly we should expect you to rollout pricing and to what extent? And then another one, gas prices are now multiyear high, are you seeing any change in consumer behavior, especially in the C-Store channel?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, to answer your first question first, I think you will see incremental pricing benefit in the third quarter and then you will see more in the fourth quarter. Regarding gas prices, convenience channel was up about 3% I believe overall for the second quarter. So I think given the healthiness of the overall economy thats more than offsetting the gas price increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel.
Mark Swartzberg: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Hugh, just for you on CapEx, could you remind us why the $3.6 billion is higher than its been historically and how representative you think that is of future CapEx either in absolute terms or relative to sales?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So, our previously discussed long-term guidance is equal to or less than 5% of net revenue, no update on that right now, bigger investments in a couple of places. Latin America, we have seen capital spending go up as we have implemented some of the GES solutions that Indra has mentioned on the previous question. Number two, we are investing more in Frito-Lay, because we are identifying projects to drive continued growth in productivity. And number three, North America Beverage as the single-serve strategy has continued to be successful we are adding capacity in certain places.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. And Indra in the past you have given us a little bit more color in terms of market share gains and value share gains and clearly you are doing very well outside of the U.S. Can you perhaps give us a little bit of sense of where you are gaining share and importantly international markets and where things are more challenging? And then secondly, bubly off to a great start, perhaps if you could maybe stand back a little bit and give us a sense of where you see yourselves take your water strategy and what percentage of the business it is right now? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: In terms of share gains internationally, I think overall salty snacks globally, I think in 75% of the markets we are holding or gaining share. Remember internationally, we also have a lot of local low cost competitors. In spite of that, I think 70% 75% of markets we hold or gain share, I think in 60% of markets we are gaining share and about 75% we either hold or gain, I am giving you rough numbers, Robert. In terms of beverages again in many of the markets that we participate as PepsiCo about 50% or 60% of markets we are actually holding or gaining share and then the other markets we go in and out, well, one quarter we may gain share, one quarter local competitor or a global competitor may gain share. So we trade shares on a quarterly basis based on what we are lapping or what specific, a blockbuster marketing initiative is being implemented at that time, but overall what we are focused is on an annual basis how do we make sure that we dont do anything crazy just to gain share. We participate in a very responsible way and somewhere between 60% and 75% of our markets if we can hold or gain share thats a very sustainable deliberate strategy. And thats really what we are focused on globally both the snacks and beverages and now more and more in our nutrition businesses, which we are trying to figure out what the relevant marketplaces and how do we calculate a fair market share number. So thats roughly speaking where we are on share.
Hugh Johnston: On water, Indra just I will finish Roberts question. Its about 12% of our volume, Robert, round numbers and in terms of water strategy obviously we have a case pack water business that provides baseload volume and then we are increasingly segmenting that business whether it be with flavored still waters, whether it be with flavored sparkling waters in the form of bubly, whether it be in the form of LIFEWTR, which obviously appeals to a large consumer segment, one, that continues to grow well for us. So I think you will continue to see us segment the water category into profitable niches to go along with the large scale case pack water business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning everyone. Good morning. So Indra I was hoping you could provide some of the logic behind the various refranchising initiatives PepsiCo has undertaken in the international markets and how any early learnings could inform the beverage strategy in the U.S.? And I guess the main question is, is it even translatable? That would be really helpful to understand.
Indra Nooyi: Nik, I tell you thats a good question and let me just offer some points. When we re-franchise, its usually just to somebody who already has a portfolio of beverages, because Pepsi internationally in many markets, we dont have a full lineup of beverages, we participate only in a small lineup, we partner with somebody who has their own LRB products and together we cover the entire line. An example would be something like a Postobon in Colombia that has their own line of non-carbs and then we come in with our portfolio and together, we have a fantastic leadership position in Colombia. What we are looking at and Hugh talked about our Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia beverage operations, we are refranchising into a partner who already has the lineup of LRB and we complete the portfolio. So our system actually is much more robust than people realize, because as a system we are much stronger than just PepsiCo in the international beverage business and thats why we feel good about the beverage business. And the early learnings are make sure if you are going to re-franchise, re-franchise to somebody who knows how to run the beverage business and they have a portfolio that together the one plus one is a three not detracting from our own performance. So thats all we are going to focus on going forward and those are the learnings from our beverage refranchising.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell of SunTrust.
Bill Chappell: Thanks. Good morning. Question on just the momentum on NAB that you talked about is it kind of started slow and had good momentum at the end, I mean, that tracks with kind of what we saw in North America weather in terms of cold and wet late March, April early May and then came back roaring and then very hot? So trying to understand what you see that makes you feel that its beyond weather, I mean, the whole  lifting the whole category, are you seeing kind of market share especially in CSDs, are you seeing some things stabilize or what gives you so much confidence that carries through as we get to kind of normal weather and albeit easier comps in the back half?
Indra Nooyi: Weather is clearly a factor. I mean, I would be lying if I didnt tell you that hot weather helps the beverage business, but I think on top of that, our brand health metrics are all trending the right way. The business is trending the right way. And pretty much all of our franchises we are seeing sequential improvement in performance. And so even businesses that have difficult lapse we are seeing sequential improvement in performance. So I think if this continues, this bodes well for NAB.
Indra Nooyi: So thank you all for your questions. Let me summarize, the business overall is performing well in a highly dynamic environment and we remain on-track to deliver our financial goals for the year. We remain highly focused on driving better operating performance from North American Beverages and we are encouraged by the sequential improvement we have seen in NAB. Just as important even if you remain highly focused on performing well in the current and coming quarters, we remain committed to continuing to transform the business to strengthen its sustainability and durability to perform well far into the future. Thank you for joining us this morning and thank you for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude PepsiCos second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc. Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc. Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Stephen Robert Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.PepsiCo.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our first quarter performance and full-year 2018 outlook and then we'll move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2018 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. When discussing our financial results on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items, such as the impact of foreign exchange translation, from our reported results. You should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We will start off with an overview of the first quarter and a discussion of each of the operating sectors performance in a little more detail. And then Hugh will cover the full year outlook. For the quarter, we delivered $12.6 billion of net revenue and core earnings of $0.96 per share. Within the P&L, gross margin was impacted by input cost inflation. Operating margin was further impacted by the front-line bonus we announced earlier this year. Foreign exchange translation had a positive impact of approximately 2 percentage points to both net revenue and reported EPS. And below the operating profit line, we benefited from a lower core effective tax rate. The majority of our businesses performed very well in the quarter, excluding our North American Beverage division. In fact, excluding NAB, the company generated 4.6% organic revenue growth and 7% core operating profit growth, when excluding the one-time front-line bonus. However, our North American Beverages sector continues to work through some challenges. So let's start with a discussion of NAB, separating long-term strategy from short-term executional issues. As you know, we've been transforming the business over many years, to build a product portfolio that meets consumers' desires through a repertoire of great-tasting beverages, especially beverages with fewer or zero calories, and in an assortment of packages that satisfies a broad range of occasions, from immediate personal refreshment, to family meal accompaniment, to social gatherings. And our focused and sustained transformation initiatives at NAB have been very successful on multiple dimensions. We have shifted our product mix to faster-growing subcategories and provided more lower and zero sugar options, including recent innovations under the Mountain Dew, Gatorade, Propel, Lipton Tea House and Starbucks trademarks. Since 2010, we have increased our volume mix of non-carbonated beverages by 7 percentage points. We have established and maintained strong leadership positions in many of the most attractive non-carbonated beverage categories, including ready-to-drink tea, ready-to-drink coffee and sports hydration and in the most recent quarter, grew value share in a number of the fastest growing categories, including tea, enhanced water and sparkling water. We have increased our CSD package variety, so that our mix of non-traditional packages, that is, everything other than 2-liter and 20-ounce PET and 12-ounce cans, has increased from 14% in 2011 to 21% today. We have reconfigured our supply chain to handle increased complexity and greater product assortment. For example, we have substantially increased flexible can line capacity. We expanded our co-pack (5:01) network to give us greater packaging flexibility in an asset-light model. And we're approaching having 60% of our route network converted to delivery via our GeoBox trailers, (5:11) and we have equipped many of our trucks with chillers to expand our chilled DSD network. We have brought equipment innovation to market, providing product customization and convenience with our Spire fountain device and made nutritious options more broadly available with our Hello Goodness vending machines. And we have ramped up our R&D and innovation efforts to launch products that are on-trend with consumers. For example, this February, we introduced bubly, a new flavored sparkling water with no artificial flavors, sweeteners or calories, and a brand and packaging that convey a playful and upbeat sense of humor. And we recently launched Drinkfinity, now available online in the United States. This unique beverage system addresses growing consumer demand for customizable nutritious beverages in the most sustainable packaging. We believe our strategy is sound and is positioning us well for the future; however, we are focused on the past three quarters, where our financial results have not lived up to our expectations for the North American Beverage business. So what is the issue? Simply put, while most parts of the business are performing well, recent losses in cola market share in North America have led to subpar top-line and bottom-line performance over the past three quarters. We have studied in detail the causes for the share loss across every dimension. The overwhelming driver is that, despite moderately increasing our media on trademark Pepsi over the past three years, our share of voice has fallen dramatically relative to our key competitor, who has substantially stepped up their media spending on colas over the past two years. To address this, we have allocated increased media to trademark Pepsi. And we have tightened and elevated our brand communication, beginning with the launch of our new Pepsi Generations campaign. The campaign supports all the brands under the trademark Pepsi umbrella, and this will enable us to more effectively leverage the media investment across our full Pepsi portfolio. Importantly, we plan to substantially and sustainably support the campaign throughout the year, while remaining disciplined on pricing. We are already seeing positive results from the campaign, with research telling us that the campaign is driving higher advertising recall, higher brand recall and higher brand regard with consumers. And our share performance has also begun to improve. These are important first steps. As we sustain the campaign, we anticipate it will translate to further improving sales and market share results. Encouragingly, beyond trademark Pepsi, North America Beverages is performing reasonably well in the context of a highly competitive environment. Our tea portfolio under Lipton and Pure Leaf has over the past 17 quarters grown retail sales in the range of mid-single digits to as high as 21%. Our enhanced water portfolio is performing well, with our premium LIFEWTR continuing to grow nicely as it enters the second year since its initial launch. And bubly's early results following its 2018 launch are exceeding our expectations. KeVita, our line of premium organic live probiotic beverages, grew retail sales 50% in Q1, following 66% growth for the full year 2017. And Starbucks ready-to-drink coffee grew retail sales 3% in the first quarter, following 4% growth in 2017, despite a number of new competitive entrants in the category. Furthermore, we are pleased with both the improved trajectories and the outlook for both Mountain Dew and Gatorade. Both brands posted improved retail sales performance in the quarter versus the second half of last year. And our positive outlook for these trademarks are underpinned by robust 2018 innovation. In January, we launched MTN DEW ICE, a clear lemon-lime flavored DEW made with a splash of real juice with just 100 calories per 12-ounce serving, and it is off to a strong start. Additionally, we expect our Summer 2018 limited-time offering of MTN DEW BAJA BLAST to perform well, especially relative to our DEW Summer 2017 LTO, which fell short of our expectations. Also, this summer, we will launch Gatorade Zero. Gatorade Zero will address the large and growing demand by athletes for additional hydration options. We are introducing a Gatorade that provides all the hydration and electrolyte solutions of base Gatorade without the carbohydrates. Gatorade Zero will give our athletes more flexibility in combining hydration with other fuel sources to meet their overall sports hydration and nutritional needs. Taken together, we believe our plans will drive continued improved performance in the business. Finally, beyond the strategic and execution actions I just mentioned, we continue to consider all available options to drive greater shareholder value from NAB. Now moving on to Frito-Lay North America. We had solid performance, with balanced volume growth and net price utilization and continued strong market share results, driven by great marketplace execution, innovation and creative brand marketing. For example, building on the success of our 2017 launch of Lay's Poppables, an entirely new growth platform for Frito, we extended the Poppables product line-up with the introduction of new Lay's Poppables Honey Barbecue and a new 12-count multipack of Poppables Sea Salt. We continue to drive net revenue growth through increased trial and household penetration, which, when combined with increased purchase frequency from the expanded product line-up and year long media support, should continue to scale up this promising new brand extension. We have also extended success of our Simply sub-line by introducing new package varieties with the Simply variety pack and a three-flavor lineup of single-serve packages for Simply Lay's, Cheetos and Doritos offerings. The expanded package variety is enabling us to more fully capitalize on consumers' growing desire for organic non-GMO snacks with no artificial ingredients. Demonstrating our focus on lifting and shifting successful ideas around the globe, we recently introduced Red Rock Deli to select markets in the U.S. Red Rock Deli has been a breakout success in Australia that addresses millennials' desire for high-quality food offerings, with credentials like Non-GMO Project Certification and no artificial flavors or colors. Another example of lift and shift is our launch of the innovative Lay's Smile campaign, a concept that has its roots in a similar campaign we initially ran in China. This year, we are harnessing the power of sharing a smile and having a positive impact along the way. With Lay's Smiles, we put more than 40 unique smiles on Lay's bags. And with each purchase of a Lay's Smile bag, donated a portion to Operation Smile. The photogenic and humorous elements of the campaign, combined with a compelling purpose-driven element, have driven terrific exposure for the brand through social media. At Quaker Foods North America, our portfolio of Quaker branded products had mid-single-digit retail sales growth, boosted by the continued success of overnight oats and supported by a new ad campaign highlighting the functional benefits of oatmeal. Let me now turn to our sectors outside of North America. We are pleased with the 8% organic revenue growth we saw in our developing and emerging markets as a group, which is an acceleration from the 6.5% growth we had in the fourth quarter of 2017. Stable to improving macro conditions, combined with strong market execution, have led to very strong growth across many of our key international markets. Within Latin America, organic revenue grew 10% in Mexico, high teens in Brazil and 20% in Argentina. In AMENA, we had strong double-digit organic revenue growth in China, India, Egypt and Pakistan. The growth in the sector continues to be diluted somewhat by beverage tax-related declines in Saudi Arabia. In our Europe Sub-Saharan Africa sector, Turkey and Poland organic revenue grew high teens, while Russia and South Africa grew mid-single digits. Even within the developed markets of Europe, we saw solid low single-digit growth in the UK and Spain, mid-single-digit growth in France and high single-digit growth in Germany. Importantly, the strong top-line performance translated to impressive bottom-line results, with core constant currency operating profit up 9% in ESSA, 10% in AMENA and 17% in Latin America. The strong international results are, in part, a reflection of our initiatives to leverage our scale by increasingly coordinating commercial activities across markets and sectors. Example, with the increased global focus on zero-calorie beverages, we have continued to strengthen and scale our distinctive Pepsi Black under the MAX or Zero Sugar brands, depending on the market, which drove double-digit organic volume growth globally and the United States in 2017. We have almost tripled our global footprint from 28 markets at the beginning of 2015 to 77 markets this year. We are leveraging our Pepsi Generations campaign internationally, airing our This is the Pepsi ad across 55 markets and the soccer-themed copy under the Generations campaign across more than 60 markets. And we have expanded Lay's Oven Baked to 14 markets, with plans to nearly triple that number in the next two years. And the Lay's Smiles campaign mentioned earlier has now been launched across markets in each of our sectors and grew retail sales mid-teens in the first quarter. Net-net, we're encouraged by the momentum we're seeing across many of our key international markets and solid financial performance by Frito-Lay North America. And although North American Beverages is in the process of a turnaround, we have plans in place that we expect will lead to improving performance. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. I'll just provide a quick update on the outlook, and then we'll move to your questions. From a macro perspective, we remain pretty positive. We see continued broad-based GDP growth, with developed markets stable and developing and emerging markets accelerating. And in most of our key markets, including the U.S., the picture is relatively positive, with strong employment, consumer spending and consumer sentiment data. However, within this broadly positive picture, there remains a risk of geopolitical volatility in certain markets. From an industry standpoint, we continue to see pretty challenging conditions, including: dynamic retail and consumer landscapes; a very competitive environment; some currency volatility, most recently, in the Mexican peso, Russian ruble, Turkish lira and Brazilian real, and commodity inflation. As Indra mentioned, within our businesses, the majority of our divisions are performing well, and we expect NAB's results to improve as the year progresses. So putting this all together, our guidance for 2018 remains unchanged. Specifically, we expect organic revenue growth at least in line with our 2017 growth rate, or 2.3%. As we move through the year, our expectation is that we will continue to see some level of gross margin compression from inflationary input costs. Normally, you would see the gross margin contraction offset with SG&A productivity. But, as we shared with you in February, with the benefit of a lower effective tax rate in 2018, we are making investments to fortify the business, as well as fund the front-line bonus. And these investments will largely offset the productivity-driven margin improvement. We expect our core effective tax rate to be in the low 20s. And we expect core earnings per share of $5.70 or a 9% increase compared to 2017 core earnings per share of $5.23. We continue to expect and we continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise disciplined capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment in the business. For 2018, we continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $6 billion, which includes approximately $9 billion in cash flow from operations, including a $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution made in the first quarter, and net capital spending of approximately $3.6 billion. We continue to expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2018, with cash dividends of approximately $5 billion, reflecting a 15% increase in the annualized dividend per share starting with the June payment, and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. And, as we mentioned on the last conference call, we still see the prospect for even higher cash returns as we begin to fully realize the benefits of greater global cash mobility beyond 2018. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following. We continue to expect our core constant currency EPS growth to be higher in the second half than in the first half, as we will lap NAB's softer performance and natural disaster-related business disruptions in the second half. And we expect variability in the timing of productivity savings, investments, which includes the accrual of the front-line bonus, and net commodity inflation, to contribute to relatively better performance in the second half of 2018. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. So, Indra, on the Beverage business, obviously a disappointing few quarters, I'd also argue if you go back longer-term, you could argue it's somewhat disappointing a performance, even including the solid results from back in 2015, 2016. And we continue to see this wide dichotomy between the snacks business performance and Beverages. You articulated that with the corporate ex Beverage numbers earlier. So with all that as context, you mentioned all available options on the call earlier. And, as you think about that, is that more a sort of options and structure maybe that we've seen in the past, perhaps tweaked a bit for today's environment or is that seriously considering more radical changes? And I'm trying to get a sense for the level of sort of discontent within the organization around these Beverage results.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: So, Dara, that's a good question. So let me start off by saying, we are talking just about North American Beverages. As I look around the world, given some of the actions in many countries on beverage categories, selected beverage categories, we have actually performed quite well internationally in beverages, not just as PepsiCo, but the PepsiCo system, because our bottlers have their own beverage businesses, too. So if you look at the total, the beverage system of PepsiCo has actually performed extremely competitively. The issue is in North America, and the issue is really the last three quarters. We look at the performance of the business constantly. If I look at it post the reinvestment we made in 2012, the business has actually performed quite well, very competitive, but performed quite well. And 2014 coming into 2015, 2016 and even the first half of 2017 was good. The last three quarters have been worrisome for us. And let me talk a little bit about this, and I am reflecting back in the last 15 years of looking at North American Beverages, in particular. Whenever we have a competitive situation where somebody is going through a financial transaction with beverages, clearly, that creates room for reinvestment, which starts to perturb the competitive balance. And that's what we are seeing in the last three quarters, because of stepped up investment resulting from business model changes. The question is should we allow this to pass or should we step up and invest along with our competitor and that's a big question we asked ourself. For three quarters, we said let it pass, because all of these have a timeframe. And once that temporary investment phase is over, the business comes back to a competitive equilibrium. But we don't want to be a net share donor, especially in CSDs, especially in colas. And so we'll go toe-to-toe and increase our spending in colas, in particular, but we're going to remain very responsible on pricing. The key thing is this is a business that's highly competitive in North America. There's no question about it. It's a big business. It's a profitable business. Is it the same profile as salty snacks? No, but it generates a lot of U.S. cash, in the mid-teens profitability. I think that's a very, very attractive business in the staples space. And it gives you enormous clout with retailers because the velocity on this categories are phenomenal. And I will tell you one thing. Anybody who is in the beverage business always wants to be in the salty snack business. And anybody who's in the salty snack business always wishes they had a beverage partner because you can't have a salty snack without a beverage. So we have the combination together. We just have to keep making sure that our portfolio works. And that's what we are doing. We like (24:19) the fact that we have to go through these short-term issues with performance, but believe me, our team is maniacally focused on getting this business back to track in the second half of this year. And we will, sequentially improving every quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Lauren.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to talk a little bit about productivity. The profitability outside the U.S. really accelerated, and productivity was highlighted kind of ranked first in the description of each businesses in the release. So could you talk a little bit about the balance of kind of productivity savings outside the U.S. versus within the U.S.? And as we go forward, should we expect more savings to come out of international and perhaps to start to see some margin build or are you still more prioritizing reinvesting, maybe pricing a bit below the rate of inflation to continue consolidating market share internationally? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: You know, our goal is not to price below inflation. That's not our goal. What we're trying to do is build frequency and penetration. That's all we focus on in every market. And market-by-market is a function of what the nature of the competition is. Because in many of these markets, we have local competitors, too, and we have to think about our pricing architecture versus local competition. So at every point in time, Lauren, we are looking across geographies to really figure out how best to grow the businesses. Is it frequency, is it penetration? Do we want to actually create a price umbrella for other local competitors to come in or do we want to remain with a price premium that's reasonable and allows us to build a business? So while doing this, sometimes, we let productivity flow through. Other times, we reinvest it back in the business. So it's, again, literally a case-by-case basis. The net-net result of all of this is, as a company, overall, we are focused on productivity like you won't believe it. We think all the digital technologies that are coming, all the new ways we can work to improve agility, improve flexibility, de-layer the company, there's so much we are looking at, is actually going to increase the productivity of our company. It's just that we have to make sure we have enough beta tests done with all the new technologies in the company, that when we roll it out across the company, they actually yield results, as opposed to flopping. So we're in the process of doing all the beta tests now to make sure that they actually yield the kind of results that we're looking for. Rest assured, you might see short-term international productivity, but overall, we're looking at global productivity initiatives. Hugh, did you want to add anything?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: No. I was just going to comment on that as well. The productivity balance won't change. It will be consistent across the globe.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. So I guess I want to follow-up on Dara's question, just about NAB. And I guess as you think about all the available options to drive greater shareholder value, would that actually include separating or selling NAB? Is the international business still important to have the scale benefits and you'd keep one and not the other or is that really not kind of what you're implying when you talk about all available options?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: That's not what we are talking about when we talk about all available options. The beverage business is still a global business. It's very linked, the North America business to the international business. And it's very linked to our snacks business. It provides very important scale in many important international markets and provides us a seat at the table with customers here in the U. S. So I think the beverage business is very important. The real question we are asking ourselves is how best do we handle the operating aspects of bottling? We've gone back and forth between a separate company, part of PepsiCo. Is it best as a stand-alone public entity or is it best in the hands of multiple franchisees? The evidence is not clear. And we want to make sure we just don't engage in financial transactions for the sake of financial transactions, but whatever we do is really setting the company on a sustainable path. So we're looking at what models exist out there. We're looking at what we did in the past. And we are trying to see how best to operate this very attractive, but very competitive beverage business that creates shareholder value and also does not detract from the overall performance of the rest of PepsiCo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, Indra, I was hoping we could touch on Frito-Lay, please. Another solid print from the top line, but I was hoping you could touch on price realization. You did cycle quite a tough compare. But it does also look like in the scanner data, that there might be a slight softening in pricing, driven by competitive promotional activity. So if you just offer any color on that, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: So Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, I'm happy to answer that. Good morning, Vivien. No, I would take the pricing as more temporary in nature. I think when we get to the end of 2018, you're going to see Frito-Lay pricing that's very much in line with what you've seen in the past. I wouldn't expect any dramatic dislocation in that regard. Quarter-to-quarter, price can wiggle a bit, but by the end of the year, you're going to see the same consistent Frito, both from a pricing perspective, as well as from a profit perspective, that you've seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Caroline.
Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thanks very much. Good morning, Indra. I'm wondering if I got this right, but it looks like your spending on A&M was down in the first quarter North American Beverages. If I did get that right, can you just help us, regardless, understand sort of the pacing of the spend behind this business? And which brands in particular, is it really very cola-focused? Are you going to be spending heavily on all your brands? And what the strategy is, just a little more to get us some confidence in a back half recovery.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hugh, why don't you take it and then I'll follow up.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, happy to. Hey, Caroline. A couple things on that, number one, we kind of have to separate the accounting from the actual spending in the marketplace. From an accounting perspective, as, of course you know, A&M gets spread out on a curve. As the volume was a little bit softer in the first quarter relative to our expectations for the year, less of the spend would have been booked in the first quarter. And so you're seeing a timing difference in what appears in the books. In terms of media spend in the marketplace, we were actually up strong double digits and strong double digits across the big brands. So I wouldn't over-focus on what the A&M showed up in the financial books. That's a product of GAAP convention. In terms of actual advertising in the marketplace behind the big brands, it was up significantly.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: And in terms of going forward, Caroline, which is the second part of your question, in most of the brands that we have, we're spending at very competitive levels, and they're all yielding the right results. The only place where we're outspent in the marketplace is in colas. And we were surprised by the extent to which media spending was taken up in colas by competition. So we're going to step up our advertising behind trademark Pepsi, with a little bit of a focus on Zero Sugar and Diet Pepsi. And at the end of the day, we don't want to be a share donor. We want to be responsible in pricing. We want to be responsible in portfolio management, to go where the consumer is going. At the same time, being a share donor is not our cup of tea.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. So I wanted to go back to pricing in North America Beverages for a moment. You may remember, we were quite vocal in pushing that price rationality is the best for shareholders in CSDs, at least. And, look, to your credit, you were early adopters of the sustainable price/mix that we've been seeing in CSDs in North America. But actually, now there's a little bit more controversy about it. I think I'd argued it's the biggest investment controversy we are hearing right now, certainly since Coca-Cola reported a couple days ago. And the controversy is whether price/mix will become more competitive or not. Now to be clear, you reported pricing up in NAB. DPS reported pricing up in NAB, or their equivalent. KO had pricing down. I don't know if you listened to the call or not, but they excused it away with Easter compares and freight cost, oddly, and (33:26) price, et cetera. But investors are trying to figure out that controversy in particular. What will price/mix look like in North America Beverages for you, for your competitors, in the context of KO's, hopefully, confusion in terms of their pricing and your talk of reinvestment? I get that you're being clear in terms of being responsible on pricing; want to get a better sense of what that is, and how we should think about price/mix in North America Beverages going forward.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Again, mix is very important, because based on the mix, you'll see what the price realization is going to be. But, Ali, I'll tell you something. We've said this for several years now, and I'll repeat it. The message that all our NAB chaps (34:14) have is make sure that we never return to what happened in 2011, 2012 when there were $5 cubes. That's not going to happen. We want to make sure that, especially with inflation creeping into the business, we price to cover inflation. I think it's very important with the category growth of about 2%, that we play this market in a very responsible way, so that we don't further depress the category. Now, here's a challenge. Single-serve clearly has better price realization. And as the mix of single-serve versus groceries shifts, clearly, you'll see some pricing perturbation. But from our perspective, we are watching grocery pricing very, very carefully. And we want to make sure we don't destroy the pricing architecture across the industry. And that's really the game we are playing. But we're not going to lose the game because of media spending, because at the end of the day, pricing discipline is one thing. But if it's a question of media spending to make sure that the consumer understands that Pepsi is still a strong, vibrant brand, we're going to spend on media. And we are maniacally focused on making sure we use every opportunity with mini cans, with other packaging formats, to cover inflation to the extent we can, although that's difficult, but inch the pricing up. That's what we're focused on right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Indra, just a clarification for you and one for Hugh. When you talk about increasing spending on the colas in North America, are we talking about taking spending from other segments and putting it behind colas or are you thinking about just raising the overall bucket? And then for Hugh, Hugh, you talked about maybe potentially bringing more cash back. And when you talk about returning it to shareholders, are you thinking more of buyback or raising dividend maybe higher as well? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: To your question, the first part, I mean, it's a little bit of both. Some of it will be reallocation, but some of it will be additional spending we'll put in. We are working through the details now, but the fact of the matter is, we are going to increase spending behind colas. Hugh, on the increased cash?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah. So, Amit, we're still working through plans to bring cash back to the U.S. No change in 2018 guidance, either from a dividend or share repurchase perspective and as regards 2019, obviously, it's too early to talk about that. We'll talk about specifics of that as we get closer to next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Mark.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, Indra. Hi, Hugh. Also NAB; I know we're spending a lot of time on that, but it's important. Firstly, a clarification response to your response to Bryan's question, are you also saying refranchising is not on the table when you say you're not interested in hiving off beverage? And then also, Hugh, you mentioned strong double-digit increases on the big brands. Why do you think the volume didn't respond better to those increases?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: On refranchising or any other option, Mark, I didn't say no to anything. I didn't say yes to anything. All that I said was we're studying all of the options, because we have gone back and forth with the bottling business over the last decade or two. And I don't believe just doing a financial transaction for the sake of short-term financial results is the optimal way to create shareholder value. What we are trying to see is, given the dynamics of this business going forward, given that the mix of products is likely to change, with more hot fill, more non-carbonated, more nutritious beverages coming on to the marketplace, how best do we manage the concentrate business versus the bottling business, so that we don't have to engage in a financial transaction every five or 10 years. That's what we are trying to do. We are looking at structures that exists today to see whether they are operationally easy to execute or do they sound good in the short term, but they're very, very, complex and operationally a nightmare to operate. We're studying that. We're also looking at other structures, because I've always told you, the bottling business is a utility, low earnings growth, lots of cash. How do you operate the bottling business like a utility? What's the best structure to do that? That's what we are thinking through, stay tuned.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: And, Mark, as regards to the increase in media spending, certain marketing levers work very quickly, distribution and price being the chief among them. Advertising and marketing, there is a building effect over the course of several quarters. So I think you actually did see some responsiveness in Dew, and even Pepsi improved a bit, but it's going to take a few quarters for the Pepsi business to fully respond to the increased advertising in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Andrea.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Could you please comment on the cadence, I guess, I want to move back to the numbers, if we can, the cadence of the impacts of the commodities and transportation, and also, obviously the employee bonus, which I understand is a one-time effect and probably behind us. So and correct me if I'm wrong. So if you can help us reconcile as we go through the year against the $1 billion productivity per year, so if you can share some of what you're tracking year-to-date against that objective? Thank you.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, happy, Andrea, to talk a little bit to that, and certainly, you can follow up with Investor Relations to get into more of the details. Specific to your question, number one, the front-line bonus was entirely booked in Q1, so you see that in the numbers already. Number two, in terms of the commodity inflation, that'll be pretty consistent over the course of the year. And the productivity will equally be consistent relative to prior year over the course of the year. Of course, productivity always builds during the year, but prior year productivity also built. So that shouldn't be a dramatic difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great. Good morning. I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit of help, and sorry to go back on North American beverages. But is it really as easy as just spending more money and driving share of voice or is it quality of the share of voice? And I'm just wondering if you can just kind of give us some metrics or some evidence of the work that you've done that it's purely a question of share of voice, that you have the right message. You just need to get it out more, and that the brands are essentially healthy. It's just you're being outspent.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Robert, we look at this all the time. Clearly, the quality of voice is important. You cannot just spend with a poor message. The message that we had the last two years, I don't think resonated as much. But the new Pepsi Generations campaign is resonating exceedingly well. It's scoring very high. The recall, the regard numbers are all extremely high. And as we go through the summer, you'll see more advertising for Pepsi Zero Sugar, Diet Pepsi as new products come in. You will see a trademark campaign, augmented with some specific additional messaging on Pepsi Zero Sugar and Diet Pepsi. And believe me, we are maniacally focused on the quality of the message to see if it's resonating with the traditional users, which tend to be more the boomers, and then recruiting the new people, which is the millennials. And we are watching all of these cohort groups to make sure that the message is getting through, that Pepsi is a refreshing drink. It's great for fun times together, and it's great with food. And the recent campaign with Aaron Judge is gaining a lot of attention. And we feel good about the messaging. But at the end of the day, having a great message, but not conveying that regularly, especially with a competitor who is on air all the time, is not the right approach. And so we are going to step up the advertising, and we will constantly look at how it's resonating with consumers. And if we have to make a little tweak here and there, we'll do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic of SIG.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning. Hello, Indra. Look, just to follow-up on this North American Beverage commentary you've made, I mean, obviously, investment bankers listening on this call will be knocking on your door and giving you plenty of ideas and suggestions. But I want to make two questions. One, why do you really think that beverages, whether the concentrate, with or without bottling, gives you greater strength in terms of having a seat at the table? I could argue the opposite, right? That the poor performance in beverages maybe dilutes that seat when you're having discussions about Frito and all the great innovation you are putting through there. So maybe just remind us and convince us, why really having beverages, whether concentrate, with or without bottling, really helps. And the second question, which is related to that, in the hypothetical scenario that you did not have beverages, tell us what do you think you could do better? I mean, I could argue that the relationship with Tingyi could be expanded. I could argue that you could be a lot more aggressive overseas in expanding your snacks footprint. And I could maybe argue in that you could do a lot more without beverages, but if you can comment on that. I mean, you have opened the door to these questions, of course, with the commentary that you made today. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Pablo, first of all, the investment bankers have been knocking on our door forever. They have lots of great ideas. But at the end of the day, as I said, the ideas have got to make sense. They've got to make business sense and shareholder value sense. And we've been thinking through all of this a lot. Hugh, why don't you take the first part of the question and I'll come back and add to it?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, happy to. Good morning, Pablo. I would respectfully disagree with you on the notion that not having beverages would increase our sway or our influence with retailers. The fact is we're the number one food and beverage company in North America. We're the number two food and beverage company globally. We have impulse categories and expandable consumption. And we've consistently driven growth for our retailers because of the fact that we have impulse categories and strong brands, and they've been well marketed over time. So as our retailers are looking for growth, they inevitably come first to PepsiCo because of the size of the two businesses. It's not to say either one of them isn't a terrific business alone. We just think the two of them are better together, and I have a lot of evidence to support that. So I do think that the retailers value what we bring to the table in their entirety.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Again, Hugh, adding to your comment, in North America, if you take the biggest retailers, they do top-to-top meetings and a joint business plan session, maybe with three companies. And PepsiCo is a company that is a must do a top-to-top with because we are such a big part of the store, such a big part of the growth. And most large retailers will say, if PepsiCo doesn't grow, we can't grow because it's such a big part of the high velocity categories. So our joint business plan, top-to-top meetings, may be one of the few where the senior-most leaders of the big retailers attend these meetings. Second, I go over to Europe, and individually, our businesses may be 37th or 50th in importance to a retailer. But together, we are in the top 10, but not just in the top 10, we are the fastest growing. And very often, we end up with top-to-top meetings with European retailers, and I attend many of them. And the reason that they ask for the top-to-top is because together, we drive a lot of the sales growth of the retailer, and we are high-velocity categories and bring the traffic in. And we are very innovative across both categories. So I think that what we are looking at right now is a short-term performance issue with North American Beverages. We know exactly what needs to get done and we are off doing it. And we have come off three, four years of terrific performance. So we've got three quarters of performance miss and we are going to fix it, period.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Nik.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, good morning, everyone. Hi, good morning, Indra. I guess a lot of your commentary on the Beverage business has been around just stepping up marketing. But we haven't really talked about much on execution. And I'm just wondering, because if you're in the marketplace and you look at a refranchised Coke territory versus a Pepsi territory, you can see a very stark difference in terms of pre and post a refranchising for Coke. And so I'm just wondering. How can you compete in that type of situation where you have these independent franchisees just spending a lot more of their own capital in improving execution at retail versus a company-owned bottling operation? So I just was hoping you can give me some context around that as we think about some of the options you might have in the future.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: You're right, Nik. You know what? And this is just our observation, because we've studied all these in great detail. In the first couple of years of refranchising, when the parent company gives you a bit of a break, you're spending the parent company's money. After the first 18 months, it's your money that you have to spend. And right now, those independent bottlers are operating on very, very low margins. So the real challenge is going to be after the first 18 months after refranchising, are they going to be spending their own money off of lower margins already to do what they've been doing in the first 18 months post-refranchising where they got some breaks from the parent company. I don't know. The jury is out. All that I tell you is, the evidence in a couple of cases where we've seen the first 12 months pass after refranchising, we are already seeing execution drop off significantly. Again, I'm not passing any judgment, I'm just giving you an observation. Believe me, what we are doing is studying their model in great detail. And if we believe their model makes sense, and if we believe that it's a model that can be executed without having to buy back the bottlers again in a few years down the road, the advantage is we can follow it easily. We are in studying mode at this point, along with all other options.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Hi. I have a follow-on to an earlier question on price/mix, specifically on channel mix. Could you guys drill down a little on what you're seeing in terms of your businesses in the different channels in the quarter and then, your outlook for the rest of the year, and how that may positively or negatively impact your mix? And then, just to clarify, you do expect your price/mix to be positive this year, correct?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, good morning, Bonnie. First, we're seeing pretty consistent positive pricing across all of the channels. So nothing that you see in the IRI or Nielsen data is different than what we're seeing overall. Second, as regards the year, yeah, we absolutely expect pricing that's consistent with what we've seen in the past couple of years. The business pricing performance has been kind of in the 1% to 2% range; price/mix, it's typically been around 2%. I think that's probably a reasonable assumption for us. Again, all subject to what happens in the marketplace, but that's, I think, what you can reasonably expect.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Steve.
Stephen Robert Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good mornings, Indra. Thank you. Building further on the discussion of snacks and beverages belonging together, as you think about the path to improvement in NAB, I'm just wondering what the role, the relationship with Frito-Lay is expected to play in that improvement. Because as I listened earlier to the plans for NAB improvement, there definitely seem to be many NAB-specific initiatives underway. But in the context of a broader better together Power of One strategy, I guess I continue to be somewhat surprised there aren't more joint snacks and beverages efforts being prioritized, such that Frito's enduring strength can theoretically lift Beverages. Is that just a misconception on my part, that there aren't more or there isn't more explicit cooperation between the two businesses or is there evidence that joint beverages versus snacks execution still remains elusive? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Oh, great question, Steve. I'd say that there's stuff that happens together behind the scenes and stuff that happens that's visible to all the consumers. For the big holidays, you do see joint promotions. The idea of Power of One is not to force joint activity, even if it doesn't (51:58) make sense, because, sometimes, just based on the marketing calendar with various retailers, Frito and Pepsi may be on deal at different times. So we have to be very, very careful that we don't force deal activity when it doesn't make sense. But Super Bowl was an example where the two came together in a significant way. But let me speak behind the scenes. We talked about the joint business planning. We talked about technology transfer. Frito-Lay had GES. NAB had GeoBox. (52:26) They're all the same technology. So we negotiate with suppliers in one place. We have the same chassis for both Beverages and Frito-Lay. The go-to-market system shares all the best practices between the two entities. When we think about customer management, customer databases, how you think about managing the whole customer relationship, we have Power of One customer teams. Our Walmart team is one team. And so behind the scenes, in dealing with the customers, we are one company. From a execution and a shelf perspective, we do displays and joint activity when it makes sense. Foodservice, we go together as much as possible. We do have joint programs between beverages and snacks. That gives us a much better seat at the table for many foodservice negotiations. Then our Hello Goodness vending machine, which we're now rolling out pretty fast, that's got both beverage and snack better-for-you, good-for-you options in the machine. And that's what's allowing us to win university accounts because they love the fact that we're putting in good-for-you, better-for-you products in machines. And there's both snacks and beverages, and we take care of fulfilling it. And so I think there's lots going on behind the scenes. Your question sounds like music to my ears because I'd like to do more and more and more. But you've got to be a little bit careful that you don't do Power of One for the sake of Power of One. You do it because it makes sense, in terms of driving sales or lowering costs. Then talent, one thing I shouldn't forget. The great thing with NAB is, because it's so competitive, if you take a Frito-Lay person, put them in North American Beverages and send them back to Frito-Lay, they're much better executives because they now really learned what it is to be in a dogfight. And so from a talent development, we actually like NAB as a wonderful talent development area where you really earn your stripes for playing in a highly competitive sort of not just large competitors, but a whole bunch of small competitors, and how you navigate that whole minefield.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning, Indra. Good morning, Hugh.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Quick points of clarification and then a broader question on sports drinks, but the clarification is on NAB and the strategic considerations. So, Indra, is there a timeline here that will govern the process? In other words, will investors know next quarter, by year-end, et cetera? So if you could just build on that, I think that would be helpful for people. The broader question I have, though, is on the Gatorade business and your view for the sports drink category. Trends have slowed there, seemingly on health and wellness concerns. Gatorade's lost some market share, despite higher levels of investment. Can you discuss, Indra, your outlook for the Gatorade business now, how that possibly may have changed over the past year or two, and your level of confidence that new product innovation can improve your trends? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: The first question  and, Hugh, I'll make some comments. If you want to add something, please do. Look, looking at the best way to operate North American Beverages is not something new. We've been talking about it for the last two years on the call. So we always look at it and say, hey, what's the best way to create value. And that's something we're maniacally focused on. And we've studied other companies' activities. We've looked at creative options on our side. But, again, we have to make sure whatever we do does not take us back to the old system of having problems between the bottling company and the concentrate company, because this is a big, attractive category. And so there is no timeframe, Kevin. When we get to a place where we think it makes sense to do something, we'll share it with you. But at this point, we're not going to give you any date because we don't know. We haven't come up with the solutions yet. We're still studying. In terms of Gatorade, the business is still very, very strong. This is like the ready-to-drink coffee business. When some new competitor comes in and decides to drop the pricing substantially and take some share from distribution, the leader, especially the leader like Gatorade, has to be very judicious in not trying to compete on pricing. And so what happens is, we allow some distribution build to happen. Then we watch to see what happens to velocities of that product. And right now, what we are seeing is, there is some competition in sports drinks. But after the first distribution build, velocities are dropping off. And if some of these companies are actually preparing for sale, you do see them taking on some actions that are not sustainable in the long term. In those cases, Gatorade just has to be very responsible and very careful in its response. It's got to be surgical, and that's what we are doing. We are watching Gatorade shares like a hawk. And whenever we have a competitor that's trying to build distribution through pricing, there's a point or two that we might lose, but we always gain it back. It's still the strongest franchise in sports nutrition, bar none.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Cooper of Consumer Edge Research.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Brett.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. A quick question for you, I mean, as the retail environment changes, consumer evolve, is there greater room for collaboration on distribution, both from an efficiency standpoint and potential environmental benefits? I'm thinking specifically within the U.S. or North America? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, Brett, this is Hugh. I think there is always opportunities to do that within the boundaries of competitiveness. So if nothing else, hopefully, this management team has convinced you that we're always looking for avenues for growth that provides good returns. And to the degree that those opportunities present themself or to the degree that we're able to turn over rocks and ferret them out, rest assured, we'll take advantage of them as quickly as we can.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you all for your questions. And let me summarize. We are hyper-focused on improving the financial performance of North American Beverages, but in a responsible and sustainable way. We are very pleased with the very strong performance we are seeing across the balance of the business. And we are on track to deliver our full year financial targets. Thank you very much for joining this morning. And thank you for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude PepsiCo's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-13 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc. Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc. Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our 2017 performance and full-year 2018 outlook and then we'll move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2018 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release, which includes a detailed discussion of our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 reported results, and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. When discussing our financial results on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items, such as the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and foreign exchange translation from our reported results. You should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in this morning's release, we concluded 2017 with another quarter of strong operating performance, capping off another successful year. In the fourth quarter, overall organic revenue growth accelerated sequentially from the third quarter to 2.3%, right in line with our expectations. Core constant currency operating profit increased 6%, and core constant currency EPS increased 8%. We had particularly strong performance in the quarter at Frito-Lay North America, with organic revenue growth of 5%, led by impressive growth in variety packs, Ruffles, Tostitos, Doritos and dips. We also gained market share, both in salty snacks and in the more broadly defined macro snacks categories. The business performed well throughout the year, with strong brand activation and innovative new products propelling the top line, and productivity programs continuing to move margins up. Quaker Foods North America had very good performance. Hot cereals volume grew mid-single digits, and we gained share in our three key categories of hot cereals, bars and ready-to-eat cereal. North America Beverages posted sequential improvement from the third quarter in organic revenue performance, with volume trends improving in trademarks, Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade and Lipton. More importantly, we have robust marketing in innovation lined up for 2018, including the launch of our Pepsi Generations campaign; the launch of Mountain Dew Ice, which was prominently featured with Doritos Blaze at the Super Bowl; the introduction of bubly, our new sparkling water that combines refreshing flavors with an upbeat and playful sense of humor to shake things up in the sparkling water category; and further marketing support in packaging innovation, as LIFEWTR enters its second year from launch. To be clear, while our North American Beverages segment's top line performance did improve compared to the third quarter, overall, its performance still has tremendous room to improve, and we are taking the right steps to realize those opportunities. We remain committed to our strategy to compete on the basis of brand building, innovation and marketplace execution across our portfolio of brands as the best way to create shareholder value over the long term. Turning to our international segments, organic revenue growth outside North America was fueled by continued strong performance in developing and emerging markets, which posted organic revenue growth of 7% as a group, led by double-digit growth in Vietnam, Turkey, Thailand, Philippines and Argentina, high-single-digit growth in Russia and China, and very solid mid-single-digit growth in Mexico and India. For the full year, we delivered solid organic revenue growth of 2.3%. We expanded core operating margin by 45 basis points. We grew core constant currency EPS by 9%, exceeding the 8% goal we set out at the beginning of 2017. We generated free cash flow, excluding certain items, of $7.3 billion, which exceeded our goal of approximately $7 billion we set out at the beginning of 2017. Core net ROIC expanded by 140 basis points and now stands at 22.9%. And we met our goal of returning $6.5 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. These are impressive results, particularly in light of the challenges posed by global mega trends impacting our industry, from macroeconomic and political volatility, the continued rebalancing of the economic world, to shifting consumer preferences and increasing demand for healthier products, to the disruption of retail caused by the rapid growth of e-commerce and the blurring of channel lines. Our 2000 (sic) [2017] (06:08) results add to a long run of very strong operating performance. Over the past five years, organic revenue grew at a 4% compound rate, core operating margin expanded by 220 basis points, core constant currency EPS growth averaged 9% annually, core net ROIC expanded more than 750 basis points, our annualized dividend per share increased by 50%, and we returned $38 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases combined. Our results for 2017 and over the longer past are a result of our steadfast commitment to manage our business responsibly and sustainably. Our portfolio of businesses has delivered consistently strong financial results year after year, while making the investments and taking the necessary actions to sustain shareholder value creation over the long term. Specifically, the expansion of our geographic reach and product portfolio has made our business more resilient. The power of our customer relationships in retail and foodservice has created advantage in the marketplace. The strength of new capabilities in e-commerce, research and development, social and digital marketing and design has helped us connect with consumers in new ways. Our environmental footprint has continued to shrink, streamlining our operations and reducing costs. And our commitment to productivity has enabled us to sustainably reinvest in the business, positioning us to capture tomorrow's growth. In a nutshell, we have built a business that balances top line growth, productivity and reinvestment to generate strong financial results in a way that is self-reinforcing and self-sustaining. The strength of our customer relationships in the United States was reflected in the most recent Kantar Retail PoweRanking survey, where our retail partners, once again, named us as the number one best-in-class manufacturer. And for the first time, we received the top ranking in every functional category, including clear company strategy, most important consumer brands, growth in profitability, sales force and customer teams, insights and category management, supply chain management, and use of digital platforms. Similarly, we were highly ranked in service by Advantage in many of our markets outside the United States, including key markets like China, Russia, the UK and Mexico. Our annual productivity savings of approximately $1 billion have been driven by a relentless continuous improvement mindset focused on every aspect of our value chain and guided by our environmental sustainability agenda. We have refined our business model to reduce management layers and accelerate decision making, and have deployed leading-edge technologies to increase manufacturing throughput, reduce logistics costs, and increase go-to-market efficiency and effectiveness. Further, our robust environmental sustainability agenda has complemented these initiatives. Its focus on reducing water and energy use and eliminating waste has both reduced cost and vastly reduced our environmental impact. For example, in 2017, we accelerated our efforts to minimize PepsiCo's environmental impact, enabling us to streamline costs and mitigate our operational impact in the communities we serve. We have teamed up with disruptive startups, leading universities, governments and innovators to develop biodegradable film resins that meet the sustainable, flexible packaging requirements of our global food and beverage business, a technology to help advance our goal of designing 100% of our packaging to be recyclable, compostable or biodegradable by 2025. Despite the many challenges we faced over the years, from changing consumer preferences to disruption in the retail environment, to geopolitical turmoil, we have consistently and substantially reinvested savings back into the business to further build capabilities and adopt technologies that we believe will enable us to sustain our top line growth. So, for example, our investment in e-commerce across multiple channels, from e-grocery, to direct to consumer, to pure play, helped drive exceptional growth in 2017. We are leveraging big data and predictive analytics to sharpen real-time marketing messages, dynamic merchandising and tailored offers. And we're increasingly collaborating with retail customers to make e-commerce a point of differentiation for PepsiCo. As a result, our e-commerce business is now approximately $1 billion in annualized retail sales, and we are well positioned to capitalize on what is sure to be a dynamic future in this space. In our investment in the world-class design capability enabled the successful launches of innovative new products like LIFEWTR, and injected excitement and dynamism into our presence at major global events, from the Super Bowl to the UEFA Champions League Final. Looking to 2018, we are encouraged by a number of factors. The global economy is growing, with developed markets stable and a number of developing and emerging economies showing signs of acceleration. In most of our key markets, the picture is relatively positive, with strong employment, consumer spending, and consumer sentiment data. And in the United States, our largest market, we expect the recently enacted tax reform to have a positive impact on many sectors and businesses and on the economy overall. However, our outlook is tempered by expectation for challenging industry conditions, including a continued dynamic retail landscape, shifting consumer preferences and behaviors, especially as it relates to the focus on health and wellness, a robust competitive environment, and rising commodity costs. Despite these challenges, we believe we are poised to continue to perform well, precisely because we have been making the investments and taking the actions to adapt and thrive in the current dynamic environment. For 2018, we will be aided by the financial benefits provided by the recent U.S. tax reform, which will allow us to make incremental investments to further fortify our business. For example, in 2018, we will provide a bonus of up to $1,000 to full-time front-line U.S.-based associates to reward and recognize their dedication and contribution to making our business better and stronger. And we will invest in training our global associates to arm them with the skills to succeed in tomorrow's workplace. Furthermore, as a company, we will double down on new capabilities in areas such as e-commerce, digital, and brand marketing to make us even more competitive. We're going to accelerate capital investments to add manufacturing capacity and make our operations more efficient. And we're enhancing cash returns for our shareholders, beginning with the 15% increase to our annualized dividend per share, effective with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2018. Taken together, these actions are consistent with our philosophy of responsible sustainable management. They extend the durability of our business while strengthening cash returns to our owners, those who have entrusted their capital to us to generate secure, growing returns to provide for their retirements, their children's educations, and all the other noble financial goals they may be pursuing. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a discussion of our assessment of the impact of the recently enacted U.S. tax reform because it has implications for our 2018 financial outlook on a number of dimensions. From our perspective, it will affect five key areas. First, beginning in 2018, it will result in a lower tax rate on our U.S. earnings. Second, it imposes a one-time mandatory tax on our international accumulated earnings that existed as of year-end 2017, regardless of whether we choose to repatriate those earnings, but at a substantially lower rate than would have previously applied to actual repatriation. So net, it provides a much more efficient framework in which to repatriate our international cash. Third, it decreases our net deferred tax liabilities, as those tax deferred items are now expected to be taxed at a lower rate at the point they became taxable. Fourth, it will allow for much greater mobility of our international cash going forward. And fifth, it will drive higher cash-on-cash returns on U.S. capital projects, as capital spending for the next five years will be immediately deductible for tax purposes. As a consequence, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded a one-time $2.5 billion provisional net tax expense, which reflects the deemed provisional one-time repatriation tax of approximately $4 billion net of a provisional $1.5 billion benefit relating to the deferred tax remeasurement. The provisional $4 billion liability associated with the international accumulated earnings is expected to be paid out over eight years, starting in 2019. We expect a lower overall effective tax rate for 2018. We will accelerate some capital projects into 2018, resulting in an expectation for total CapEx to be approximately $3.6 billion in 2018. And we expect to make a $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution in the first quarter of 2018 to maximize its tax deductibility. So turning to our guidance for 2018, we expect organic revenue growth at least in line with our 2017 growth rate, or 2.3%, as we expect to continue to benefit from successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution, but tempered by a cautious outlook as it relates to the retail environment and changing consumer behavior. As Indra mentioned, we expect to step up investment spending in front-line workforce training, digital capability, data analytics, e-commerce, and advertising and marketing. We expect our core effective tax rate to be in the low 20s. and we expect core earnings per share of $5.70, or a 9% increase compared to 2017 core earnings per share of $5.23, with the benefit of the lower tax rate substantially offset by the incremental investments. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow returned to shareholders. So for 2018, we expect free cash flow of approximately $6 billion, approximately $9 billion in cash flow from operations, which includes the $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution. On this point, it is important to note the pension funding will reduce our gross debt from a rating agency perspective, and so it creates room for leverage elsewhere within our capital structure. And we expect net capital spending of approximately $3.6 billion. As I mentioned, this is a bit above our trend over the last few years as we accelerate some projects into 2018. And we expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2018, with cash dividends of approximately $5 billion, reflecting the 15% dividend increase Indra mentioned, and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Further, beyond 2018, we see the prospect for even higher cash returns as we begin to fully realize the benefits of greater global cash mobility. Relatedly, we announced today our new three-year share repurchase program commencing July 1, 2018, providing for the repurchase of up to $15 billion of common stock. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following. We expect our rate of organic revenue growth and core constant currency EPS growth to be higher in the second half than in the first half, as we will lap NAB's softer performance and natural disaster-related business disruptions in the second half. We expect variability in the timing of productivity savings, investments, and this includes the accrual of the front-line bonus, and net commodity inflation to contribute to relatively better performance in the second half. And we expect the fourth quarter to have the largest year-on-year core tax rate benefit. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. So, NAB continued to be weak for the second straight quarter. I was hoping you could review your plans there to improve market share performance on the CSD side of the business going forward. And how big a piece lower pricing or greater promotion is within those plans? You mentioned some tweaks post Q3 in terms of shelf space focus, et cetera, but it did look like you pulled the pricing lever more aggressively in Q4, both in the scanner data, as well as reported results despite the comments on brand building. So, I'd love some detail there. And then also, while we're on the subject, can you review the Gatorade trends in North America from a market share perspective and forward plans for that brand? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Dara  Hugh, you want to take this?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: I'd be happy to take it. Thanks, Dara, for the question. A couple of comments on that. First, I want to make clear that our strategy in the beverage business remains as it's been. It's focused on brand building, it's focused on innovation, and it's focused on execution in the marketplace funded by driving incremental productivity. Second, in terms of 2018, we have increased advertising behind the big brands, and we expect that to have a positive impact. But like most advertising campaigns, that will take several quarters to fully realize the impact. So, we expect sequential improvement in each of the quarters, starting with Q1. Just as a reminder, back on the Q3 call, we did talk about the fact that we expected sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4 and we did, in fact, see that. Regarding pricing, we expect our pricing to be competitive in the marketplace, but pricing lower is not part of our strategy to gain market share. Price/mix is always complicated when you read the reported results. Particularly in the first month of the year, you saw some increased promotional activity that is much more reflective of timing at a few of our bigger customers than it is of a change in strategy. So, we expect to get the types of pricing that we've gotten in recent years in the North American Beverage business. As for Gatorade, I think you'll see a full lineup of innovation for the year, both flavor innovation and perhaps some broader things as well, which we'll be talking about as we get further into the year. So, net, it's about innovation and it's about brand building. It's not about pricing as far as our strategy is to continue to see sequential improvement in the beverage business.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: And more importantly, Gatorade trends are improving, and we feel good about what we're saying the business delivering right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning everyone. Just a question, I guess, related to  or a couple questions related just to cash flow as we think about this year. First, net interest expense; Hugh, if you could talk at all about just the movement in rates and how we should think about how that might  or potential movement in rates and how that might affect net interest expense? And then, second, in terms of the CapEx coming up, I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that some of it's going also to adding capacity. And so, I'm just curious to know, with organic sales growth sort of below the algorithm, but we're adding capacity, is it a modernization, so a need to sort of modernize some manufacturing capacity? Or are there true needs to sort of add capacity?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Go ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: So I'm happy to take that one, Bryan. First, regarding your questions on cash flow and specifically net interest expense, we do operate with zero net floating debt, so rises in interest rates shouldn't have an immediate impact on us in terms of the debt that we carry. We obviously do have refinancing risk as we sort of turn over that debt tower each and every year. But given the cash return, we should be able to manage that successfully, so I don't expect to see significant rises in net interest expense for the year. As to your question regarding capacity, if you look at the Frito-Lay business in particular, we will be investing in capacity there. We've seen good strong volume growth in Frito-Lay over the last several years and certain of our international markets where we've also seen good strong volume growth, we'll need to add capacity in those markets. So, this is very much capacity, reflective of growth in individual product categories around the world.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: And most of the capacity increase is in snacks. And we're going to put the capital in 2018 and hopefully, from 2019 we'll start to see the results of the new capacity coming on stream.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning. Good morning, Indra. Indra, I was hoping you could comment on the current Dr Pepper deal. What are your initial thoughts on what you think that may mean for the competitive landscape? And then sort of looking ahead, what do you think that means with respect to the potential for further consolidation in the North American beverage industry? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: We've been reading all the reports that you guys have written to understand the real strategy behind that merger. I'm sure there's some towering strategic logic, but we are still searching for it. You see, the distribution, 80% of distribution of Dr Pepper sits between the red system and the blue system. And so, if the merger is supposed to increase access to distribution, it's between the two of us who control 80% of the distribution and manage it for Dr Pepper. So, let's wait and see over the next few weeks and months to see what kind of a strategy they articulate because it somehow eluded us the strategic logic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of Macquarie.
Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thank you very much. I'm wondering if you could give us a little detail on your outlook for costs. We understand there's a lot of pressure on distribution, trucking, shortage of drivers, and then, of course, just raw materials. And I think you're hedged out nine months on average on your inputs. But if you could just give us an update because there was, I guess, across the board, operating cost pressure and some raw material cost pressure already in the fourth quarter. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: I'm going to let Hugh answer that. But, hello, Caroline, good morning.
Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thanks. Thanks, Indra. Yeah, Caroline, break it up into two pieces. On the commodity side, as you correctly observe, we do have our systematic forward buying program in place, so we're generally out about nine months on all the things that we can be out on. Overall, commodity inflation will be in the low single digits as it's been in the last couple of years. Regarding labor inflation and OpEx inflation, we've typically seen pressure there in the range of 3% to 4% globally, which is about in line with the inflation in our markets around the world. To date, we haven't seen any pressure that's so substantive that it's disruptive to the algorithm, but we certainly expect some labor inflation pressure in certain markets over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great, great. Good morning. Hugh, you did touch on quite a bit some of the financial implications of tax reform. But I'm just wondering if you could step back, philosophically it sounds like you'll be able to give more money back to shareholders. You raised the share buyback authorization higher than it was in the past. And you increased the dividend at a higher rate than in the past. Can you just talk a little bit more detail about some of the increased flexibility you're going to have? Should we expect higher dividend increases than in the past? Does this change anything on the M&A front? Just a little bit more detail from a strategic perspective.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Sure.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Go ahead, take the dividend question. On the M&A, I'll just tell you, Robert, we're sticking with our strategy of tuck-in M&As. And if something blindingly strategic and value creating shows up, we'll be sure to talk to you about it. But at this point, our focus is on sensible tuck-in acquisitions. But talk about the other things, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah. So, Robert, on more broadly, obviously, the tax reform bill allows for a much greater flexibility in terms of the way we manage the company's resources, and, particularly, cash resources around the globe. It, obviously, lowers the cost of capital a little bit in the U.S. as well. So, generally, that's good news for investment in growth. In terms of our projections going forward on dividend and share repurchase, with this 15% announcement, you've seen the payout ratio go up a little bit. I think that's likely where we're to maintain. This is not a signal of a longer-term increase in the payout ratio over time. So, we talk about dividends once a year, every year. I'm not going to talk about specifically what will happen going forward. But I think what you see is just a modest uptick in the payout ratio. Beyond that, we'll see what happens as we get beyond 2018 regarding where the cash goes and what we do with it. But as Indra said, our M&A policy has been very tightly focused on tuck-in M&A, and that's where we'll stay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of SIG.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning, everyone. Good morning and good morning, everyone. Look, just two questions. First, can we talk a little bit about ready-to-drink coffee and ready-to-drink tea? I know you don't fully own those  you don't own those businesses directly, but in a couple of years, both of them could be as big as your sports drinks business if my math is not wrong. Just give us some color there. Obviously, you have the Dunkin' entry with Coke into ready-to-drink coffee. On the tea side, Pure Leaf and Brisk are doing well, but Lipton is declining. Just some color there would help. And maybe a reminder in terms of how that really flows through the P&L. And the second question, in terms of your water strategy, leaving bubly aside, obviously, Propel LIFEWTR are helping you gain share in still bottled water. But just remind us of the strategy in still water, Aquafina is still a big chunk of your business there, but how big are the other brands also? And third and last, related to water, can you give us some color on bubly? Obviously, your main competitor there, LaCroix, does not advertise. I suppose we will see a big advertising push from bubbly with it being at Walmart. Just some color on the launch would be helpful. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Okay, ready-to-drink coffee and ready-to-drink tea, both businesses doing very well. Ready-to-drink tea overall has grown every year in the United States and globally. Clearly, Pure Leaf grew at very attractive rates. And core Lipton fell off a little bit, but we have plans to bring growth back to Brisk, to Lipton and to Pure Leaf. So, we feel very good about the plans we have for ready-to-drink tea, which also includes the premium Tea House Collection. So, all the new flavors we are launching. And the sort of re-advertising of core Lipton, I think, is going to give the ready-to-drink tea business that we have a much needed boost. When it comes to ready-to-drink coffee, Starbucks is still the most powerful brand in the United States and globally. And the joint venture is doing very well. When you have a competitor in the ready-to-drink coffee business going through a powerful distribution system, which is what happened with Dunkin' Donuts coffee, in the short term, you will have some share erosion. The challenge is not to behave crazily through the share disruption because, ultimately, the strength of the product determines who is going to win in the long term. So, I think, as the year progressed, our ready-to-drink coffee business returned to growth again because the initial distribution share losses steadied. And ultimately, the business has to be won on velocity of the product, and we're doing just fine. And the innovation pipeline on ready-to-drink coffee coming out of Starbucks is very, very impressive. So, we feel good about both. In terms of the profit impact to us, it's a joint venture, but we captured the bottling revenue. So, we capture a large portion of the revenue of both coffee and tea, although it's a joint venture with Starbucks for coffee and Unilever for tea, and they're both very successful joint ventures. I wish we had more of them. In terms of water, clearly, it's a big market and it's growing. And as you know, beverages is a repertoire category. And water in all its forms, still, sparkling flavored; still, flavored sparkling; electrolytic waters; sports hydration, they're all growing categories. At this point, we have our presence in, I think, pretty much every category in water. And I'll be honest with you. I think we were late to the flavored sparkling water category. I wish we had launched bubly a couple of years ago. But the fact of the matter is we have a very good distribution system. Our customer relationships are excellent, and our customers are very, very happy we're launching bubly. The product tastes fantastic, and in a lot of the testing, it is winning versus competition. So we are feeling good about bubly. Propel has been doing very well, growing. We feel good about that. LIFEWTR, as you know, is perhaps one of the fastest-growing electrolytic waters that was launched in 2017. And our goal is to continue to support the arts and roll it out globally in 2018 and beyond. So overall, the hydration portfolio is strong. And our goal is to make sure, as a repertoire category, we offer sports drinks, we offer other hydration options, and coffee, tea, carbonated soft drinks, all of the products that the consumer wants.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen & Company.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hi, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Indra, I was hoping that you could expand on your comment, please, around your outlook for the retail environment. I assume that was a U.S. specific comment. And if you could drill down at all into what you're seeing in c-stores, I think it will be helpful. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Actually, the retail disruption is happening globally. It's not just a U.S. phenomenon. The success of the newly emerging retail channels is still a work in process because none of them have really established a toehold in the U.S. But between the hard discounters, e-commerce, e-commerce of every kind, the pure play, the click-and-collect, the growth of dollar stores from a few years ago, and of course, the brilliant growth of Walmart, all of this has caused the retail industry to go through a fairly significant change because we are overbuilt in grocery in the country, and all of these alternate channels are now beginning to challenge all the square footage in the marketplace. So we are watching and waiting to see whether this disruption is just a low level of disruption that happens over many years or is this going to accelerate. It's something that we're watching. The good news is that our DSD system reaches virtually any outlet that's out there. Whether it's convenience store, foodservice, whether it's the big supermarkets or the big hypermarkets, we reach every one of them. So we are watching the traffic through these outlets. We are watching what kinds of products are being sold, what are people buying through e-commerce and what are people buying through brick-and-mortar. And more importantly, we're looking to see whether brick-and-mortar stores are really becoming the warehouse to pick for e-commerce, which breathes more life into them. So, this is an evolving story, Vivien. And the outlook is not perfectly clear because the economics of many of these new digital channels is still being thought through. It's not perfectly clear that they're all going to make money. Internationally, we have much the same phenomenon. China I think is the cutting edge of digital sales in the grocery channel. We are seeing Europe now grow in terms of e-commerce and the hard discounters taking a much bigger presence there. And we're seeing the same thing in Latin America. So I think China and the U.S. are cutting edge in terms of retail disruption. We're going to have to watch and see how it evolves in the other markets. And our teams are all connected globally and thinking through the best strategy for us to play in this new retail environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, so two questions on a couple things that don't make sense to me. The first one is just if we were to refocus on NAB here for a moment. And look, what looks like a change in the price rationality, at least in the data, despite certainly what you're saying. And it isn't your first quarter of seeing this, so I think it's important because your stock has been weighed down by this concern in the investment community about price rationality in North America. And look, for years you've agreed with the idea that the price elasticity in the category suggests price rationality. But what we're seeing in the results, not just this quarter, for the past couple quarters, and then in Nielsen on NAB specifically is really suggesting that there is lower rate, there's lower mix, and certainly lower marketing spend at least in the quarter, it looks like in that in NAB. And by the way, your volumes, your shares, and most probably your sales are not really responding. Meanwhile, your competitors are taking 1.5% to 3% pricing or price/mix systematically and pretty logically. So I want to give this opportunity to either clarify what I'm missing because we have broken out rate and mix, to your earlier point. And look, I believe that you're not going back on what you said before about price rationality and taking prices up, but we'd really love your assurance and your clarity that we're going to see pricing up  in line with competition I think is the language you used, but in line with the competition going forward in NAB, because it's a very, very important thing obviously for your stock and for the industry. So I really want to delve into the disparity between what we're seeing in the data and what you're saying. And the second thing, a really easy one but potentially disappointing one, is that it looks like you have $0.08 on the quarter and $0.15 on the year from Britvic and Jordan gains and other one-time things, and it looks like it's in your core. And if it is in your core number, I'd love an explanation of why one-time things like this remain in your core. And it looks like from a quarter perspective, that would suggest you're missing EPS, at least our numbers, and it suggests consensus. And your EPS growth for the year was only about 5% excluding those items. So again, there too, I would love some clarity and better understanding. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hugh, do you want to take the question and I'll add to whatever you have to say?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yes, happy to do that, Ali. Let me get the second one out of the way first. You're right about the gains. And where that money went was about $0.03 on the 53rd week and lapping that, about $0.03 on investment back in ESSA, and about $0.04 or $0.05 of business disruption from hurricanes and floods, all of which were one-time items, and they were all in Q4. So hopefully, that helps you tie that one out. Regarding the question on pricing, as I mentioned earlier, our strategy has not changed. We were, I think in many ways, the author for the industry of the strategy that the basis of competition is around innovation and brand building, and that pricing is something that we would expect to take consistently every year. One point that that's a little bit hard to comb out of the data, but it connects back to the marketing investments that we're making back behind the big brands, we are seeing promotional price points that are consistent between ourselves and our competitors and full revenue price points that are consistent between ourselves and our competitors. But our velocities on full revenue have been slower than some competitive velocities. The reason for that, we believe, is because we do need to refocus back on A&M behind the big brands and ensuring that, as we build displays, the displays are very much reflective of those big brands as well in a substantive way, both in the shelf and out on the perimeter of the floor. We did start to do that in Q4. You'll see more of it in Q1 and even more of it in Q2. So, the strategy remains the same. I think the full revenue velocity piece is something that probably warrants a little bit further analysis, but I think it captures some of the effect that you're seeing in the numbers. As I mentioned earlier, as you pointed January, the one other factor is, in any given four-week period, you are going to see promotion timing between competition being distortive, but the point they made earlier over the course of a couple of quarters, I think, is more driven by this whole rev promotional mix than it is by us dropping prices further.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: But the thing to remember, Ali, is when you're redoing the pricing architecture on certain products, it takes two to three quarters for it to play through the system. And second is, the good news is the portfolio works. Any which way you look at it, if you look at 2015 and 2016, NAB performed very well. 2017, there was a confluence of factors that caused some issues. And 2018, we have a strong marketing program, and we're maniacally focused on the business. I just think the overall portfolio works, and that's the benefit of having international, North America, and snacks, beverages and the Quaker business. So, we are feeling good about our prospects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. I was curious if you could talk a little bit more about drivers of gross margin this quarter, down pretty in a fairly healthy way. I don't think we've talked much about that. And then part and parcel with that was anything more on channel mix. Hugh, you did comment a bit on e-commerce, but just curious anything on foodservice or convenience channel trends that may or may not have been contributing to that gross margin performance. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Go ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah. So, happy to do so, Lauren. I think if you look at overall PepsiCo gross margins, NAB is the big driver behind that for all the reasons that we've been talking about. It's a different way to sort of look at the financial performance of NAB. But given the deleverage in the system, that's affecting gross margins, as well as operating margins, obviously. Regarding channel mix, some of the comments that I made earlier that we were talking about regarding c-store and velocities, in particular, it does have some impact in that channel. And as a result, as we invest more behind advertising and marketing, behind the big brands of Pepsi and Gatorade and Dew, I think you'll see improved performance from us in that channel, in particular.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Credit Suisse.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. In Q4, we saw the refranchising of the Thai business be enacted with Suntory. Similarly, we saw some more products and territories being handed over to Varun, your bottler in India. So, how should we think about these going forward, the strategy to continue refranchising more aggressively internationally? And also, I mean has your position in the U.S. changed in regards to the franchise model?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Internationally, when we find a very good bottler and we believe that they can run the business better than us, we will refranchise the business, and that's what we did in Jordan, that's what we did in Thailand. And we look across our portfolio internationally to see where it makes sense. And I'd say internationally, we're pretty much refranchised in the bulk of the markets or franchised, I should say, in bulk of the markets. North America, we look at it constantly. We look to see the benefits of doing the refranchising again versus running it ourselves, and all the friction that results when you refranchise a business. And right now, our belief is that we can run it better than going through the whole pain of refranchising and then living with all the friction. We don't believe that going back and forth from owning it, refranchising it, owning it again is a decision we can make lightly. So, at this point, we are focused on extracting the productivity, driving the top line growth and making sure innovation sticks in the marketplace. Again, let's not forget, 2015 and 2016 were very good years for North American Beverages. 2017 was a year that we would have liked to have had better performance. And now we're going into 2018 with a strong marketing calendar. So, let's wait for the year to play out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning, so a couple of questions. One is just on your organic revenue growth guidance of at least 2.3%, which is in line with 2017 growth rate. I guess it's somewhat of a disconnect from the improving macro outlook, some of the robust innovation pipeline that you've talked about. So, I'm wondering if this is really more related to the retail environment and sort of the pricing pressure that you see in these markets. Or is there some conservatism around how the innovations are going to work out in 2018? And then a little bit of color just in terms of some of the improvement you're seeing in emerging markets, particularly around China and India, as well as what you're expecting for Latin America.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Judy, it's a tough question to answer only because, clearly, we'd like to do better on top line growth, and that's what  our innovation is geared to better performance, clearly I think the macro is improving. But for all the positives we're seeing, as I mentioned in my script, there's a whole bunch of headwinds. Retail disruption is one of them. Consumer preferences are shifting in interesting ways. On the one hand, there's a huge push towards health and wellness. On the other hand, they want to go back to products they know the best, but they're not consuming it in the quantities that they used to consume it in the past. So, it's an interesting dichotomy there. We talk about reinvesting back in the big brands, but a lot of the growth is coming from the small brands, so we have to launch those brands, too. So, we are just making sure that any guidance we provide to you is sensible and something that we know for sure we can deliver. And that's why organic revenue growth at least in line with 2017 is a sensible guidance. Internally, we'd like to do more, but we want to be very, very cognizant of the headwinds around us, some of which we don't even understand at times because the consumer is not consistent. In terms of macroeconomics, we are seeing the Chinese market improve. Post the GST, we are seeing the India market coming back. And Latin America, I think in 2017 Q4 going into 2018, we are seeing most of the markets in Latin America improve, too. So, as we said earlier, we're seeing an improving global macroeconomic conditions prevailing across the world. I mean Europe is a standout example. Both East and West Europe, we're seeing really improving macros which helps the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Andrea.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. So, I wanted to go back to Indra's comment on the previous conference call about giving innovation the appropriate space, in particular in beverages. And I would layer with your comments today on the cadence of the quarters. Is it fair to assume that you're likely getting more shelves on better displays? And Hugh mentioned also on the displays and some of the four initiatives that you had on the trade with the new launches, I read in the first quarter or, usually, I'm assuming you have some visibility because that's usually what the time that it rests in the U.S. And from a promotional standpoint, are you expecting to lift some of the promotions we saw in the fourth quarter, so we can see a better operational EBIT margin division for the balance of the year for 2018?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: I'll take parts of the question and then, Hugh, you can take other parts of the question.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Sure.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: I think, Andrea, from our perspective, whether it's a classic Mountain Dew or a Pepsi or our core brands, through our DSD system, they go in and they have their space on the shelf. When we launched the right innovation for the marketplace, low-calorie Lemon Lemon or IZZE, they're all great tasting products and Lemon Lemon was voted the best new innovation for last year. But when it takes space away from the core brands, the velocity is much lower, and we are trading a higher velocity product for a low velocity product. So, one of the things that we have to go back and look at is, should we incubate some of those products in the new distribution system, let them reach a certain size before you put them in the main DSD system because, clearly, they need to be incubated in a different place in the store, especially in the single-serve channels. And that's what we're working through. It's not that we are backing off the innovation. It's how we get that innovation to the market, especially if it's on  not on our big brands. Let me turn to products like Mountain Dew Ice which we launched as part of our Super Bowl launch. Great tasting, lower-calorie Mountain Dew, tastes just like Mountain Dew, a lemon lemon Mountain Dew  or a lemon Mountain Dew, I should say. We put it through the DSD system. It's a Mountain Dew. It's doing well. But that's a big brand. It's not a Lemon Lemon, which was a new brand. So, we are trying to tweak this whole small brand innovation which will become big over time, but how do we incubate it in our distribution system and specifically where in the store should it go. Should it go and take space from our big brands, or should it have new incremental space? The good news is our relationships with the retailers are so strong that they know that we are maniacally focused on driving growth for them. So, they like to give us the space because we handle displays and merchandising very well, and we make it easier for the retailers to do business with us. Hugh, did you want to add anything on this?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: I think you covered it well. The only thing that I would add briefly is, these are not either/or types of questions. There is a bit of a balance between the two. And as we talked about our Q3, we may have gotten our balance a little bit off. And we're course correcting that balance. So, I expect that our big brands will get plenty of presence, but that doesn't mean we're backing off on the innovations, particularly of the newer, smaller healthier brands because we know over time that those businesses are going to turn into good-sized businesses for us. They're just taking time to incubate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hi, Steve. How are you?
Steve Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm good. Thank you. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning.
Steve Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. I just want to  I guess I want to revisit Judy's question on the top line growth guidance from a slightly different perspective. So, if we step back and look at fiscal 2017 and 2018 as a whole, just based on the results today and the outlook today, there's just obviously a significant amount of reinvestment that you've been making ahead of the implied base rate algorithm, which I know you addressed in your prepared remarks. So, a reinvestment of productivity wins, reinvestment of the extra week in 2017, effective reinvestment of one-time gains like Jordan and, obviously, tax reform. And then despite that, as you acknowledged, we're not really seeing advantaged growth at the total company level. So I guess the question is how do you or how should we think about the ROI on all these reinvestments? Is this just symptomatic of a higher cost of growth structurally as you work through changes at the retailer and consumer level, or are there reasons beyond macro improvement to expect better results; i.e., acceleration in 2019 and beyond? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Stephen, I think some of what you said is right because, as I said earlier, there are a whole bunch of puts and takes. There are headwinds in the marketplace. There are tailwinds. And the investments we are making, think of them in two buckets. Some of the investments we have to make because the cost of business has gone up. Example is all the investments we make in food safety because of FSMA, the investments we have to make in cyber security. You can never fully protect your system, but investments keep going up. Those are investments you make to protect the core business. And they don't result in increased top line, but they prevent major accidents from happening. That's the whole hope. We keep making those investments because that's the nature of the business. In terms of investments in innovation, advertising to drive the top line growth, our hope is that we get even more attractive top line growth because of those investments. Sometimes there are headwinds on the categories or headwinds on our businesses that dampen the growth. As I said to you in our prepared remarks, we would like that top line growth to be higher, and that's what we are focused on. But when you have the consumer shifting to smaller brands, but doesn't stick with the smaller brands and then comes back to the big brands, our innovation starts to not yield the kinds of benefits that we're seeing. So I think we're going through a period of incredible disruption between consumer preferences, retail channel changes. And even our 2.3% should be at the high end of top line growth in our food and beverage space. Believe me, we are focused on increasing that growth rate substantially. But at this point, given what we are seeing in the marketplace, I think it's prudent to count on that number because we're saying it's at least in line with 2017. I don't know if you want to add anything, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Indra, the only thing I would add to that, Steve, is that if you take a multiyear look at this, generally speaking, our revenue growth has been reasonably in excess of our peer group. And I think that's reflective of getting returns on a lot of the investments we've made ex the investments that Indra mentioned that we need to make for defensive purposes, going all the way back to 2012 when we put a substantial investment in the business. If you look at where we landed in 2017, most of our businesses are performing very well and the PepsiCo portfolio is performing very well. But our biggest revenue business had a challenging year, and that was clearly a drag on the growth rate. And it's going to take a few quarters to course-correct that. I think our guidance is reflective of that. As Indra said, we view our guidance as what we're trying to hit or beat. We obviously know that investors rely on that guidance quite substantially, so we do try to make sure that we are highly confident in the guidance that we give. But we surely don't view it as a cap, and that's certainly been evident over the last five years of performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel Financial.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Indra. Hi, Hugh, two questions. And thank you for taking the questions. Frito-Lay North America improved quite nicely in the quarter. So could you tell us a bit about why that was and how it affects your outlook there? And then really on the other direction, so to speak, Latin America weakened in the quarter, volume weakened. To what extent is that Mexico? To what extent is that Brazil? And I apologize if I missed that in your prepared remarks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: In Frito-Lay, all the innovation is working. Distribution is excellent, merchandising is great, and it's all working. And it's a machine that has been fine-tuned over the years and it's working and all of the Power of One programs are working, too. They're doing a lot of interesting merchandising with beverages, and the whole portfolio is working. And I think that's what we expect from Frito-Lay, to deliver flawless performance. I think Q4 was extraordinary, but the hope is that Frito-Lay will continue to deliver nicely going forward. In fact, I think Global Snacks is doing well too.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yes.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Latin America, Q4 was the brunt of the extraordinary force majeure actions, earthquake to hurricanes to everything that hit that part of the world. And in spite of that, the fact that they put up those kinds of results I think is extraordinary. And clearly, markets like Brazil are coming out of economic depression. But we're seeing signs of improvement. So I look at Latin America and say, going forward, you should see improving performance. Frito-Lay, solid steady results, as we always seem to expect from Frito-Lay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper of Consumer Edge Research.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, a couple questions. Indra, you guys talked a lot about disruption at the retail space. How much of that disruption informed your decision to hold on to the bottling businesses in the U.S.?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Control of distribution is what I would say, not necessarily holding on to bottling system because that's really distribution. I think it's important that as retailers just disrupt themselves and you're going to see big changes, our distribution systems don't cause more angst for the retailer. I'd say when the bottling system was not part of PepsiCo, the biggest friction in the system was having to negotiate with retailers with our bottler alignment. And any of our innovation, we couldn't get it to the marketplace because the bottlers had a different agenda. Now we are largely aligned, and that's why retailers give us such high marks, because when you talk to PepsiCo, you have an aligned system on snacks and beverages that serves the retailer very well. So with retail disruption, that control of distribution system becomes even more important. But I want to tell you something. If we believe, if we believe, and we haven't come to that conclusion at all, if we ever believe that that distribution system is better in the hands of somebody else and they can do a better job than we do, we are a team that's maniacally focused on shareholder value creation. So believe me, we will make the right decisions. But at this point, it's our belief that we can do a better job running the system. And as you see more innovation, more retail disruption, we cannot afford friction with the distribution system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning, everyone, Hugh, a question for you. Gross margins were weak again in this quarter, have been weak for the last several quarters. As we look to 2018, do we still expect this trajectory to continue and operating cost savings to cover for that? And then a quick one for Indra. Last quarter, you talked about c-stores being weak. Have you seen a full recovery in that channel this quarter?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: I would say, recovering trend in these channels. Remember, the first couple of weeks of the quarter, the weather was quite terrible across most of the country. And so, after the first couple of weeks, we are seeing recovering trends in the c-store channel. Hugh, you want to talk about gross margins.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Regarding gross margins, I mean we don't guide on quarter-to-quarter on lines of the P&L, generally speaking. But as I mentioned earlier, NAB just has such a significant impact on our overall financials given the size of that business. As NAB's performance improves sequentially in the coming quarters, I think you'll see gross margins improve sequentially as well.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: So, thank you all for your questions. So, to summarize, we are pleased with our results for 2017. We have good plans in place to continue to perform well in 2018. We're committed to continue managing our business responsibly in order to deliver attractive financial returns in a sustainable way. And I just want to thank you for joining us this morning, and thank you for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-04 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - SVP, IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Hugh Johnston - Vice Chairman and CFO
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Pablo Zuanic - SIG Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Caroline Levy - Macquarie Capital Andrea Teixeira - J.P. Morgan & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our third quarter 2017 performance and full year outlook and then we'll move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2017 guidance, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis and all references to free cash flow exclude certain items. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes, and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab. Now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We will start off this morning with highlights for the third quarter and a discussion of each of the operating sectors' performances in a little more detail; and then Hugh will cover the full year outlook. For the quarter, we delivered revenue, operating profit, and EPS growth in what continues to be a volatile macro environment. Organic revenue was up 1.7% for the quarter and 2.3% year-to-date with solid net price realization operating margin expansion in most of the sectors. Although we have moderated our full year organic revenue growth outlook, we now expect full year core EPS of $5.23, which is 2 percentage points or $0.10 higher than our previous expectation. This improvement is being driven by the strength of our year-to-date results, coupled with an improved outlook on foreign exchange impact. Each of our operating sectors performance came in on or ahead of expectations with the numbers showing sequential topline acceleration, with the exception of our North American Beverages business, where net revenue and operating profit declined. So, let me start with that. While North American Beverage performance was below our expectations, I will tell you upfront that the issues are temporary and we believe we have taken the necessary actions to improve the performance of this business beginning in Q4. So, what happened? From an industry perspective, weather was comparatively negative, both temperature and precipitation, following record hot summers in 2015 and 2016, and there was a marked slowdown in the C-store channel in Q3. Now given this as a background, our performance did lag the industry, no question about it. First, Gatorade, which accounts for approximately one-fifth of our Q3 volume declined following two sequential years of terrific Q3 growth. In fact, Q3 volumes were up a total of 18% over 2015 and 2016. Relative to other beverage categories, this is one that is both much more sensitive to weather and more exposed to the C-store channel. So the broader weather and C-store industry themes I just mentioned had an outsized impact on Gatorade. Second, we underperformed the industry in carbonated beverages. This summer, we directed too much of our media spending and shelf space to new low-calorie, much smaller brands at the expense of our Pepsi and Mountain Dew trademarks. While our plans for the summer were consistent with our continued and deliberate strategy to transform our beverage portfolio. Clearly, we redirected some big brand space to these new products as opposed to focusing on new incremental space. We view both of these conditions as temporary and not structural, and we fully expect topline performance to improve in the coming quarters. We have a good handle on what happened, and we are making immediate adjustments to get the business back to growth. We are stepping up marketing spending on Pepsi and Mountain Dew, including our zero and low calorie products under these trademarks. We are reallocating and securing incremental shelf space in this place for our existing and new products to drive better overall velocity. We are tweaking our consumer communication with sharper brand messaging on pack, at point of sale, and through traditional social and digital media. We have more innovation directed at our biggest trademarks, including low and no calorie products that will hit the market starting in early 2018, and we're executing our programs responsibly to ensure that we're driving profitable growth. With the expected improved topline, we also expect improved profit performance as we realize both mix and scale benefits from the improved sales trajectory. To be clear, our beverage transformation initiatives over the longer term have been very successful in shifting our mix to faster growing subcategories and providing more low and zero sugar options. Since 2010, we have increased our mix of non-carbonated beverages by 7 percentage points. Over the decades, we have established and maintained leadership positions in many of the most attractive noncarbonated categories, and we have successfully introduced many offerings to appeal to consumers' increasing demand for zero and low calorie offers. So, make no mistake about it, we remain squarely on strategy and having made a few course corrections, expect NAB to return to growth in the coming quarters. Moving on to Frito-Lay North America, we had another quarter of very strong results, with a good balance of volume growth, net price realization, and operating margin expansion. We feel very good about the business with innovation, pricing, execution, and market share performance all on target. We are particularly pleased with the continuing strength in organic sales growth, which is being fueled by effective price pack management and innovation backed by great marketing. Take Cheetos as an example. We drove 6% net revenue growth for the trademark in Q3 with new products, such as Cheetos Paws, Jalapeo Cheetos, and our SIMPLY line, and Mac n' Cheetos also contributing to the growth. The innovation is well-supported by creative consumer engagement that included our award-winning Cheetos virtual museum campaign that asks, "What do you see in your Cheetos?" The program garnered 100,000 online consumer submissions and countless earned media impressions. Ruffles, which grew net revenue 11% in the quarter benefited from innovations such as Spicy Jalapeo Ranch and Flamin' Hot that appeal to consumers' increasing desire for both flavors. And beyond our largest trademarks, we saw impressive double-digit net revenue growth in premium and better-for-you offerings such as SunChips, Smartfood Popcorn, and Miss Vickie's and in our variety multipacks that provided great assortment of our top brands in convenient single-serve packages. At Quaker Foods North America, we are pleased with the sequential acceleration in organic volume, organic revenue, and core operating profit performance, and we continue to feel positive about the trends in the business. Our activations of portable breakfast innovation, namely Breakfast Flats launched in 2016 and Breakfast Squares that were launched in the first quarter are yielding positive results. And our second quarter launch of Overnight Oats Cups, capitalizing on the growing trend of preparing chilled oats using a variety of healthy ingredients is also gaining traction with consumers. Taken together, our innovation and other programming drove mid-single-digit volume growth in our base oatmeal portfolio. To wrap-up North America, I'm pleased to report that year-to-date through the third quarter, we generated more retail food and beverage revenue growth in the United States measured channels than all other 5 billion plus manufacturers combined. And in the third quarter, Frito-Lay on a standalone basis was once again the number one contributor to total U.S. food and beverage retail growth among all 5 billion plus manufacturers. Turning now to our sectors outside North America. In Latin America, we continue to see very challenging macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical instability, which dampened consumer spending. As we enter our fourth quarter, the devastating impact of the Mexico earthquakes and hurricanes in the Caribbean and Puerto Rico are clearly adding to these challenges. Within this context, our businesses in the region performed well in the third quarter, posting 5% organic revenue growth. Mexico, our largest market in the region, had high single-digit organic revenue growth, while Brazil grew organic revenue mid-single-digits. Similarly, we have continued to experience macro challenges in a number of markets throughout our Asia, Middle East, and North Africa segment, including the significant currency devaluation in Egypt and the economic impacts in a number of markets across the Middle East stemming from persistently low oil prices. However, we have been adjusting our business to address these challenges. We are pricing to cover the increased cost of doing business and we are going more aggressively after productivity to reduce our overall costs. As a result, we saw a noticeable improvement this quarter as AMENA delivered 9% organic revenue growth driven by double-digit organic revenue growth in China, Pakistan, Philippines, Egypt. And turning to Europe and Sub-Sahara Africa, we had very good results across the region, with organic revenue growth in each of our top four markets, along with six of the next seven key markets and a sequential acceleration overall, which translates to margin expansion and 12% core constant currency operating profit growth. Organic revenue growth was well balanced across snacks and beverages, which grew high single-digit and mid-single-digit respectively, driven by strong product innovation and in-market executions. Russia, our largest market in the region, had mid-single-digit organic revenue growth and very strong operating margin improvement. Among our other key markets, we delivered double-digit organic revenue growth in Turkey, mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in France, Poland and Germany, and low single-digit organic revenue growth in the U.K. Now as we mentioned last quarter, across our businesses, we're pleased with the progress we're making in the e-commerce channels, and I say channels, plural, because we're addressing growth opportunities across eGrocery, pureplay, urban grocery delivery, direct-to-business and direct-to-consumer models. Our success is underpinned by the significant investments we've made in attracting talents to and building capabilities in our dedicated global e-commerce business unit. So today, we have a team of roughly 200 e-commerce professionals supporting our businesses to capture growth in the rapidly emerging e-commerce channels. It's made up of seasoned e-commerce and tech professionals, combined with our best entrepreneurial talent from within PepsiCo and we're managing this unit more like a tech company than a traditional CPG from how and where they work, the risks they can take, to how they are compensated. And we continue to fortify and enhance the full suite of capabilities that we believe will enable us to win in these channels from data analytics to specialized e-commerce supply chain knowhow. Importantly, we're increasingly collaborating with our retail customers to make our e-commerce capabilities yet another point of differentiation in our value-added relationships with them. For example, using big data and predictive analytics to shape real-time marketing messages, dynamic merchandising, and tailored offers, our team is enabling us to drive greater purchase instrumentality and higher basket size for our customers online. As a result of these efforts, we have a business that's approximately $1 billion in annualized retail sales with impressive growth in key e-commerce markets. For example, this year, our e-commerce retail sales are projected to be up 80% in the United States and nearly double in China. In many cases, our online share exceeds our offline share and we are gaining online pretty much across the Board. While overall penetration of food and beverage remains relatively low compared to most of the categories, it is growing fast and its development is sure to be highly dynamic, and we believe we are well-positioned to win in this space. Despite the many macro challenges, we continue to feel good about the state of our business. The fundamentals we have been focusing on and discussing with you remains solidly intact. We have a leading product portfolio and deep capabilities. We continue to drive growth, product innovation, exceptional marketing, and innovation. We continue to transform our portfolio to capitalize on evolving consumer trends and we have a robust productivity agenda that is enabling us to continue to invest in the business, while delivering attractive earnings growth. And finally this quarter demonstrated that the PepsiCo portfolio does have the capacity to generate topline and bottom-line growth even in the occasional quarter where we see a downturn in a particular sector. And it is the resilience of the portfolio that is also enabling us to increase our earnings outlook for the year. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Turning to guidance, we expect our full year organic revenue growth to approximate the 2.3% rate we have achieved through the first three quarters. We expect core constant currency EPS to grow 9%, a one percentage point increase compared to our previous guidance. Based on current market consensus rates, foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact both full year reported net revenue and EPS by approximately one percentage point, which compares to the previous market estimates of two points. So, as a result of the improved outlooks for both core constant currency EPS growth and foreign exchange, we now expect core earnings of $5.23 per share. In terms of other key considerations and assumptions embedded in our full year outlook, we continue to expect low single-digit raw material inflation, driven both by an increase in our basket of commodities, and some pressure from transaction ForEx. We continue to expect core operating margin expansion fueled by our productivity programs. Our productivity programs are on track to achieve our annual $1 billion target and we continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation with prudent reinvestment in the business and the majority of our free cash flow, excluding certain items, to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So, for 2017, we continue to expect approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations, net capital spending of approximately $3 billion, approximately $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items, cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion. Recall that we previously announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend that began with the June payment. This represents the 45th consecutive year in which we've increased our dividend and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following three items as they relate to the fourth quarter. We are lapping the 53rd-week from 2016 and expect our reported revenue to be negatively impacted by three percentage points, we estimate the impact of the recent natural disasters to negatively impact EPS of by approximately three percentage points, and we expect sequential improvement at our North American Beverage business. With that, we are ready to take the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning everyone. So, Indra I guess I just wanted to get a little bit more color just in terms of North America. Clearly, you've seen some volume pressure in the quarter, maybe a little bit more details around the brand performance in terms of how much volume was down across your brands. And then I think you talked about some of the challenges from a weather and C-store traffic perspective, but maybe talk a little bit more about the competitive backdrop, because it does seem like there's some small brands that are gaining share, maybe there is a little bit better execution from your key competitors, so if you could just talk through those issues?
Indra Nooyi: Look, we have gone deep on the business to understand what is environmental factors that contributed to our performance and what is our own execution aspects that contributed to performance, and Id tell you that, roughly speaking, my assessment is about 70 -30 in terms of what the weather, the precipitation, what the C-store slowdown caused to the business, and what we could have done differently. And as I said in the script, Judy, Gatorade is a big part of our business and we were lapping 18% over 2015 and 2016, and with a slowdown of C-stores -- C-store traffic and the weather patterns in Q3, clearly Gatorade was impacted because the weather has an outsized impact on Gatorade. That was the first one. The second is CSDs. We've been embarking on a deliberate strategy to shift the portfolio to lower calorie offerings and they tend to be more non-carbonated beverages, and that's why we shifted about seven points of the portfolio to non-carbs. We have a lot more lower calorie and zero calorie innovation in CSDs, and we actually have it even under the big brands, the Pepsi and the Mountain Dew brands. So, what we're going to be doing going forward is taking the big brands and doing a lot more low calorie and zero calorie offerings under that brand. So, I tell you if I looked at this quarter, the only two that we need to focus on is getting Gatorade back to growth, which we're already beginning to see and tweaking our advertising spending against Pepsi and Dew. The thing to be very careful about is we are focused on responsible growth. During the quarter, as we saw the trends, we could have very quickly hit a promotional lever and tried to drive growth, and we tried our best not to do that because we think that once you go down this promotional spiral, it's never-ending. So, our team is focused on profitable growth, responsible growth, and we are all focused on getting CSD trademarks and Gatorade back to growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with from Credit Suisse.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Hey good morning Indra. Good morning Hugh. Id like to ask you about I mean specifically -- I mean more structural issues I mean of CSD the business. I mean, it seems like Coke is getting shares clearly -- the competition would be higher next year as, I mean, your competitor would be fully refranchised. What do you think about what's happening really in the marketplace against your key competitors? And how you think you will be able to turn this business around? I'm thinking more about the CSD business here. I know you said you will spend more in your A&M, but in terms of operating more in the business would be interesting to understand.
Indra Nooyi: Okay. Let me give my comments and then Hugh step in with yours. I actually believe ownership of the bulk of the bottling system is an advantage because you can actually do two things. One, you can flex them quickly and second is that you can extract more productivity from a bigger base. So, I actually believe it's a good thing. During a period when a refranchising is going on, what happens is that you have funds that you can use to deploy against the market. But that is a temporary situation and that is going to get exhausted very soon. So, we have to be careful that while the marketplace might have extra funding during a refranchising activity, we don't overreact by hitting a promotion lever to get short-term value -- volume in the business. Having said that, what are the structural issues we see? One, we see a continued decline in full-sugar beverages. We see consumers shifting to lower calorie and zero calorie beverages. And we do see a lot of little competitors coming into the marketplace with interesting new beverage offerings, some of which stick, many of them don't stick. So, what we have to do is create an entity within our company that does smaller brands, but smaller brands that stick and grow into medium size and bigger brands, we have to create that capability, which we are doing; and second is that the big lesson from Q3 is that it is an and game, not an or game. When we launch new products, we have to go for new shelf space. The core shelf space, especially in C-stores for the big brand, we have to protect the hell out of it and that's what we're going to do. And Hugh, do you want to add anything to it?
Hugh Johnston: No, I think you've captured it well. The only thing that I would add is there clearly is going to be a competitive difference between the way our primary competitor is going to the market and the way we are. As Indra said, we think our strategy is the right one for all the reasons that are mentioned. And in addition to that, we think that that structure of the industry will lead to healthy competition, not destructive competition. So, I think we are positioned well to see a healthy competitive environment. The consumer change is going to continue to be more towards lower calorie options and because of our investments in R&D, we think we are advantaged to capture those consumers as they move into the healthier options.
Indra Nooyi: But you know, Hugh, it's also safe to say that, as a leadership, we are focused singularly on value creation, shareholder value creation and we spot trends and if we think we have to make changes in our business, we do that. So, at this point, we think our strategy is the right strategy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog: Good morning. Hi. I guess I was just hoping you could drill down a little more on your full year guidance and really what has changed now that you expect to deliver the 9% EPS growth despite your topline being slightly weaker. I know, Indra, you touched on topline for your North American Beverage business improving. So, I'm trying to think about that relative to what your expectations are for Frito revenue? And then I still really unfair what of the levers are that you can pull to drive the faster EPS growth in light of a more difficult cost environment? And then maybe if you could just touch what drove the sharp reduction in your corporate expense line in the quarter? What that was from and then how much more of an opportunity there could be for further reduction? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Go ahead Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bonnie, happy to answer that. Two factors, all right. It's not being driven by aggregate revenue and it's not being driven by tax rate. As we noted the tax rates are same. Two primary factors. Number one is costs we're expecting now to come in a little bit better than we had previously forecast. And number two, we expect the mix of business to be a little bit more profitable, little better and those two factors gave us about an extra point of EPS growth.
Indra Nooyi: And in terms of overall cost management, we put in place a Smart Spending program about one year ago. And as the months go by, we just get better at being smarter and smarter with Smart Spending. And what you're seeing, because right here in corporate, we drive Smart Spending very, very seriously and that's where you're seeing the reduction in corporate cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen and Company.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Vivien.
Vivien Azer: Good morning. Indra I was hoping we could touch on C-store again, please? I appreciated your comments on the channel sluggishness and the impact that's having on your Beverage business, but it does seem like there is a disconnect. And specifically, that's while beverages are under pressure, your salty snacks business actually looks to be outperforming pretty materially in that channel. So, if you could address that divergence that would be helpful? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to answer that one, Vivien. A couple of things going on there. One, Frito-Lay really does have a wonderful balance of core products and great execution this year, and that's certainly helping us in the convenience store channel. And the truth is Frito-Lay is actually bucking what's a broad trend of challenges across most products in the channel. In terms of what's driving the channel, volumes are down a little bit across the Board and C-store; pricing is up a little bit, three biggest factors in challenging the channel traffic. Number one, gas prices were up particularly in the latter half of the third quarter. Number two, construction was down a little bit during the course of the summer and that negatively impacted traffic. And number three, we didn't get the heat burst this summer in late July and August that we had seen in the previous two summers and that negatively impacted the channel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Indra Nooyi: Dara good morning.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, good morning. So, if we look at the year-to-date results or your full year guidance, it looks like versus years past, we're seeing low organic sales growth, weaker gross margin trends to get to that very solid 9% core EPS growth. So clearly, you're relying more on SG&A leverage and cost cutting. So just a couple of questions off that. First, Hugh, is there something that's changed from an SG&A or cost-control standpoint, where this improved pace of SG&A leverage see longer term? Or is it more isolated to this year and some of the Smart Spending Indra mentioned? So, just trying to understand if that changing trend is something that can get you to longer term. And then second, Indra, you obviously made comments on the Beverage business and reinvestment in Q4 and theoretically within the next couple of quarters. Given the overall topline slowdown in the industry pressure points, is there greater reinvestment in your mind that's needed back behind the business, beyond just Q4 in light of the difficult industry environment and just that pressure of the typical earnings algorithm you've been able to deliver historically? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: I'll answer the second answer, and then, Hugh, you should take the first one and talk about what's changed. I think that the thing to be careful about is not just the reinvestment, it's how much and in what. It's better to invest in pull activities than to hit the pedal on push activities. Because when you start getting into this competitive battle of more and more promotions, we've been there, done that, I don't think that's a way to create long-term, strong businesses. So, we've tended to focus more on innovation and pull-related spending, more A&M spending. The shift to digital is a question mark because I don't know what the ROI on digital is as yet. And we're relooking at all elements of our marketing spending to see exactly which method of spending gives us the best ROI by brand. So, that's a piece of work we are doing. What we want to do over the next few quarters is look at our brand portfolio and see how best to do trademark advertising, so we can focus on the big brands and still drive lower calorie products. The thing to be careful about is this industry should not escalate to going from push spending to pull spending and everybody throws a lot of money into this business. It's going to be a judicious management of this business, where you've got the right amount of A&M spending and judicious execution, so this business remains profitable going forward. I think that's where ownership of the bottling business is going to make a huge difference because we can work all of these levers very carefully. So, the next few quarters, watch and see what we do to tweak our spending and what the benefits are. We feel reasonably confident.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to jump in on the SG&A question, Dara. You're right, we -- our gross margins were down a few basis points, operating margin was up a few basis point. The biggest change that we've seen over the last couple of years is Smart Spending. We have about 30 big categories of spend. We've really only gotten into about five or six of them at this point. The ones that we've done are the relatively simpler ones that -- the travel outside services, facilities and things like that. The more complex areas of spend when you get into distribution, when you get into selling, when you get into certain elements of non-working A&M, those take a little bit longer. We're working on them right now. We have plans to and expect to see results from those areas of spend over the next couple of years. So, to complete the answer to your question, we do expect to be able to continue to leverage Smart Spending to deliver outsized productivity results for the coming years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone. I guess my question is maybe a follow-up to Dara's question with regard to the algorithm. One of the questions that we fielded a lot this year is just whether or not the PepsiCo long-term algorithm is really sustainable given how -- all the dynamic changes happening at retail in the U.S., category trends in beverages. So Indra, could you just sort of give your sort of state of the algorithm relative to all the changes that we're seeing occur in the marketplace today, and sort of how PepsiCo is just ensuring that you've still got the sort of the right resources and whether that algorithm is still right?
Indra Nooyi: So, Bryan, we're not a talking about any long-term algorithm or guidance at this point. We usually do that in the February meeting. But let me tell you in broad shapes, our focus is on innovation, our focus is on portfolio expansion, our focus is on shift to Better For You, Good For You products. And our focus is on productivity and stepped up levels of productivity. The whole goal is to marry our innovation capability with our productivity programs. And we've had remarkable success over many, many, many quarters. This one quarter was a bit of a [Indiscernible] on North American Beverages, and I call it [Indiscernible] because there were many external factors that caused this. And believe me, we are all over this business and we will be back. There is no issue. So from a long-term algorithm, just wait until February next year when we do give you the guidance. But all I say to you, our focus is on balanced top and bottom-line growth. Invest in the topline; make sure the right productivity to deliver the bottom-line growth. Make sure that you invest in all the new capabilities needed and generate the productivity to invest in new capabilities. That is a tried and tested playbook, and we're not backing off of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Indra Nooyi: Lauren good morning.
Lauren Lieberman: Good morning. Thank you. Two things. First was just a follow-up for Hugh on the Smart Spend conversation. You've mentioned I think 30 buckets; you're five to six in so far. I'm just curious, is it sort like a pro rata potential, where these first five to six are not just a little easier to get at, but also bigger pools than kind of what's still to be explored and understand the complexity? That was one. Two is just going back again; I apologize, to North America Beverages, but year-to-date, at least externally the trends haven't been great or less good than they've been in the past. So, you'd also already talked about prior to today putting more money behind big franchises, you talked about behind CSDs. If I think back to the Super Bowl, it was Pepsi Zero Sugar that was supported. So, I'm just curious kind of how some of this redirecting spending already started? It seems on TV -- I know I'm seeing a lot of the Pepsi ads, are you seeing any lift from that yet? I'm just -- I'm surprised the degree to which -- at sort of this point in time, that something went off internally that say we need to redirect and replan and it didn't happen earlier in the year. So, if you can just address kind of what flipped the switch for guys on thinking through this a bit differently?
Indra Nooyi: You want to take the first part, Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to handle that one. Lauren, in terms of the buckets, I would characterize our timing of them not about size, but just about complexity. Travel is obviously a relatively simple bucket to get after when you get into distribution and selling and things like, those are just more complex buckets of spend. The size actually of the buckets that we haven't gotten to yet is substantially larger than the size of the buckets that we have already gotten to. So, I would think of it as there's lots more opportunity out there, but it just takes more time to get at them. Travel and facilities and outside services and things like that are relatively simple and straightforward to get at, so that's why we're seeing those benefits more immediately. But it's not a question of running out of runway on the size of opportunity.
Indra Nooyi: And talking about NAB trends. When you're looking at weather and you're looking at precipitation, you don't plan for a cooler weather or higher levels of precipitation. So, we fully expected that this summer would be a normal summer, not a flaming hot summer, but we thought it'd be normal summer. And so we kept investing behind the brands like Gatorade, but then when the weather completely turned south and -- not literally, but it was cooler and a lot more precipitation, that advertising spending did not give us much lift as we would've liked the business to get. Now, if we have not been lapping the 18% growth, it's a whole different ballgame. The problem is the combination of lapping the 18% growth for the last two years in Gatorade, plus the fact that we had a cooler summer this year, when it's our seasonally big quarter is what caused the issue. And one of the things we've told our businesses is that don't do anything in the short-term which will have no lasting impact for the long-term. Many years ago, we use to just hit the promotional spending lever. And I think what we're doing very carefully now is saying don't hit the promotional spending lever because that won't last for the long-term. So, the weather was a big factor. And we hate to use weather as an excuse, Lauren, but the weather was a big factor. And we didn't make all the changes anticipating poor weather, we just kept playing our playbook and that's what caused the issue. Again, it's temporary, we're taking the actions and we are all over it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey how are you? So, I actually have two questions. One is I really appreciate the conversation about responsible growth and push versus pull. So, I just really want to make sure that I'm understanding correctly that the tactics going forward to improve some of the slowdown in a NAB is not going to be major increase in promotion, it's not going to be lowering price mix. So, I just want to underline that point and make sure that's not part of the plan going forward. And then related to that, second question, I guess I'm a little confused about the margin discussion that we've been having here. Because it sounds like we're saying there are bigger pies to go after, we're going to get more savings, more spending is going to be better. But we haven't really changed the $1 billion gross cost savings that we've been talking about for a very, very long time. And that number hasn't changed, it's a very good number. But it feels like there's a gap between gross to net, right? So, this year, call it, 20 basis points of margin improvement, 30 basis points on the quarter, less obviously if you take away the NAB asset sale, if you take away the Britvic stake, et cetera, and you're saying you going to invest more back. So, I guess long question as usual for the second one, but is that $1 billion gross savings going to go up so you're going to have to spend more back, so you're getting more margin expansion? Or are you going to have to -- are you just going to spend the same amount more efficiently? Because I'm just confused, the $1 billion number hasn't changed and I don't know if you're suggesting that's going to go up. So, thanks for the pricing question and just margin clarification for me, please.
Indra Nooyi: Well, I'm going to talk about the pricing question and then Hugh is going to give you a good answer on the rest of it. As I said, Ali, at least two or three times, and thank you for asking the question, we are focused on responsible growth. The goal is not to hit the promotional lever and try to just buy short-term volume. And that's the message that's been made very clear to our entire North American beverage Business, and Al and Kirk and the team are singularly focused on that. So, you will see PepsiCo executing a very responsible strategy going forward, balancing push and pull spending so that it's profitable growth. In terms of productivity and the plans for cost reduction, Hugh, why don't you just provide the answer for that?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to do that. I think, Ali, the confusion that you're experiencing is a result of timing. My comment earlier about we think there's a little bit more cost benefit is a way of explaining why the 9% EPS growth for this year. Regarding the longer term, my broader points there around Smart Spending, where just that there's lots of productivity opportunity left out there. We're not making any changes to the long-term guidance, we're not making any changes to our long-term productivity targets and we're not talking about 2018 yet. I was really just offering some robustness to why we think we can continue to drive the productivity that we've already talked about. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Robert.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Obviously, a lot of focus on the U.S. business. Could you give us a little bit more color on what's going on outside of the U.S.? And you gave us some broad-brush, but are you seeing, for instance in Brazil, some of the other markets, some underlying stabilization and improvement that would give perhaps some confidence going forward of an acceleration?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh, do you want to take that? So, let me give you some of the -- what we're seeing in some of the geographies. We're actually seeing a strong lift in European business. All of our business -- actually West and East Europe, we're seeing tremendous strength. All our businesses are doing well. We have a wonderful portfolio in the ESSA market. And we have the right marketing programs, the right pricing programs in place and that's why you're seeing such a stepped up growth rate in the ESSA market, both East Europe and Western Europe. And our Russia business in particular is doing very well, and so we feel very, very good about that. In the Middle East, which is another big market for us, clearly this year we saw the impact of the lower oil price, the tax on CSDs, all of that went into place. Again, we have taken all the appropriate actions to implement more productivity, start to shift the product portfolio. And while we took a short-term shock to the system, we're coming out of that. And we think that the Middle East, North Africa still represents a very, very good market with lots of consumers is still in coming into the peak consumption years. So, we feel good about that market. The prospects for recovery in those markets are good. As I look at China and the Asia-Pacific region, our business in China is doing well, especially our Snacks business is doing very well. Our Quaker business is doing exceedingly well in China. The team is a good team. Our e-commerce business is on fire in China and doubling in size every year. And it's becoming a learning lab for us to learn how to do e-commerce for the rest of the world, so we feel good about China. The wonderful thing about the rest of Pacific Rim is that you've got many markets; all these little tigers are recording pretty good GDP growth. The markets may not be big as a China or India, but each of these markets contributes positively to our performance, and we've been doing well on those markets and gaining share in all of those markets. We have good bottling partners. Our own operating businesses are very good. Good leadership teams. Those businesses are doing well. We don't see much of a concern in those markets, even though they've gone through some political ups and downs. In the South Asian subcontinent -- India, Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, we face the normal upheavals from GST, the demonetization -- or remonetization, I should say. We are through all that now. And hopefully the business will start to steadily recover in India. But Pakistan has been a big success story for us. We have a good business there and it's growing very nicely and profitably. Latin America is a big question. We have strong businesses in Mexico and Brazil in Central America. Clearly, Latin America has gone through its share of geopolitical issues, and recently, the earthquakes have really had a devastating impact in Mexico; and the hurricanes that swept through the Caribbean and Puerto Rico have a really decimated those islands. In spite of that, the teams have performed well. And our Brazil business is doing very well and our Mexico business is doing well across both Snacks and Beverages. So, in those markets, I would say we're holding in Latin America, doing exceedingly well in the ESSA region. Our AMENA sector is, in spite of all the issues, coming back very nicely. North America is our core, and we remain positive about the North American business. Now and then, there will be a quarter where some business has a hiccup or a toast up. The resilience of our overall portfolio is what allows us to deliver the numbers we're delivering. So, overall, we still feel quite confident about our prospects and we are buckling our seatbelts and saying, "There will be geopolitical instability, there will be weather-related issues, we just have to build a portfolio that can weather that and somehow profit through and deliver the performance."
Operator: Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic: Thanks for taking -- thanks Indra for taking the last question. Look, just two quick ones. One, I understand the idea with retailers who will try to get space back for CSDs, that it's a case of and, and not or. But when I see LaCroix in some targets having 30 feet of space and Coke and Pepsi each maybe five or six, I wonder how much is it about what you can do and about what the retailers and the consumer wants. So, if you can comment on this strategy, on the retailers, on the retail space, I find that it would face a lot of pushback from the retailers? And number two -- which maybe means you just have to double-down on non-CSDs, but that's the question. And the second one, I know this is going back in time, but when you bought Wimm-Bill-Dann back then, you were talking about dealing a third leg with this big nutrition arm. And since then it's been -- it's become more about transforming the potato chips, to better nutrition and drinks and so on. Maybe you got -- things got changed because of [Indiscernible] back then, but is there -- is this a moment to maybe think about that third leg again? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Pablo, great question. First of all, we always get pushback from retailers and everything. I think the real thing is that from PepsiCo's perspective and DSD company, we have big brands and our brands have high velocity. So the combination of those three yields tremendous profitability for retailers. And clearly, some upside brands have come in and taken a lot of shelf space. Our challenge is not to just say, "Hey, give us more space for core CSDs," it's how do we provide the right innovation to go after those upstarts who are taking a lot of space. I tell you one of the issues I would say, and I take full responsibility for this, maybe in a couple of cases we were slow to respond to some of these newcomers who have taken a lot of space. And believe me, we will fix that. And going forward, the agility and speed of response from our company will go up significantly. Sometimes when you have too many big brands and too much success under your belt, you lose a little bit on speed, and we are working to fix that. So, I think you'll find that the retailers actually welcome the DSD suppliers to keep their shelves looking good going forward and that's what we provide with our beverage portfolio. In terms of the third leg, we've tried to build it organically with success, Wimm-Bill-Dann was the last big acquisition we made, and except for the Russian ruble that went through its own share of challenges after we bought Wimm-Bill-Dann, coming out of that, the business has performed exceedingly well. It's an ideal portfolio. I think what we have to be very, very careful about -- if we went off and built that third leg through acquisitions, we have to think hard whether they're shareholder value creating, what kind of a premium do you pay for any acquisition and how do we realize the benefits of that deal enough to offset the acquisition premium. And believe me, the stuff we've looked at so far, we don't see a clear path to that. And so as we've said many, many times to all of you, we want to make sure that any major acquisition we may -- minor or major, I'm sorry; any acquisition we make has a clear path to value creation. And if we don't see that, we typically do not make the acquisition. We try to do things organically. It may take longer, but they create much more value over the long-term. Hugh, did you want to add anything on that?
Hugh Johnston: No, I think that was perfect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Financial.
Indra Nooyi: Mark good morning.
Mark Swartzberg: Hi Indra, good morning. Hi Hugh. Thanks for taking the question. Continuing this line of questioning on the algorithm, of course you're not going to give us an update. But I do wonder if we're seeing a bit of a prequel to how you'll keep delivering the algorithm, meaning it seems that productivity and cost savings are gaining importance. And while I think we all agree that 1.7% is not the right run rate, you're going to be do better than that. You did take your revenue growth for the year down to at least 3% before we had the third quarter. So, -- and you were doing 4s and 5s. So, is it right to think that you need to lean harder into productivity to get to the same outcome over a series of years to come?
Indra Nooyi: Don't know. Don't know, Mark. You know what I think with our revenue growth rate, they're still up there in the top performance in the Whole Food and Beverage space. And so it's an environment that requires us to modify our model, our innovation model, our retail, our outreach model. And you know what, when you go through these sorts of transformations and you're tweaking part of the business model, there will be issues along the way. If we focus on the year and looked at our performance versus other people in the space, I think we stack up pretty well, both on the top and the bottom-line. And so will we lean harder on productivity, we will always lean harder on productivity, because we believe that we ought to take out any cost that is not value creating and put it back into investments in the business or flow it through to the bottom-line. And that has been our modus operandi. So, productivity will always be paramount in PepsiCo. As we get better at it, we will keep doing more of it. But we're not taking our focus off of growing the topline. To us, growing the topline is really the right way to grow the company in a very, very balanced way. So, we are redoubling our efforts to grow the topline. We're looking to see how to spend the A&M that we put out in a much more efficient way. To me, that's the Holy Grail. We all spend a lot of money on A&M, how do you spend it in an efficient way so we get the appropriate lift from the A&M? But you know it's interesting times in the entire CPG world globally. And we have the size, scale, capabilities, the brands to be a very, very important player in this business and a top performer and that's what we're focused on maniacally. And Mark let me just close by saying; personally, I'm completely committed to this company because 50 time my salary is in PepsiCo stock. And with that level of ownership, believe me, this is something Hugh and I focus on 24 hours a day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Levy with Macquarie.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Caroline. Caroline, good morning.
Operator: Caroline your line is open.
Caroline Levy: Good morning. Can you hear me now?
Indra Nooyi: Yes, good morning Caroline.
Caroline Levy: Sorry. Thank you very much. I would really appreciate your take on the changing climate of retail, because that is on everybody's mind so much with Amazon buying Whole Foods. I know that you touched upon what's going on in your e-commerce business. But the other conversation that's raised its head is private label. And over many decades we've had this conversation about will it suddenly take off and become like Europe and the U.S. So, I'd really love your opinion as to what e-commerce and Amazon probably change that dynamic, because private levels really never succeeded in your categories.
Indra Nooyi: Yes, look even in Europe, our categories have had private label penetration, but not to the extent that many other HPC or other categories have had. Having said that, we are not complacent about any of this. Basically, I think, as we look forward, we're still looking at retailers, if they want to deliver margin growth in a period in which they're seeing price compression, they have a couple choices. They can do private label or they can get more efficient or they can get innovation to the stores from the big manufacturers that drive more traffic and velocity. So, I think what could happen -- Caroline, this is just my perspective, is that you could see a bifurcation. You could see big brands, big companies taking the burden off of retailers through DSD and by bringing our own label into the store and driving more velocity and traffic through the big brands and innovation. And then you could see on the other end, a combination of small brands and private label that flanks it on the other side. What could be squeezed in the middle is sort of the mid-size brands. Now, this is just my perspective, and we've been looking at all of this really hard. We think that could be a possible scenario going forward. So, from our perspective, doubling down on big brands, making sure innovation is -- making sure execution is perfect; our whole system is aligned, so when we have to make changes, we can do it fast. And then within our company, making sure we have enough levers on productivity so we can get more and more efficient deploying automation and other tools to be able to put it back on innovation, driving the topline growth, whatever we have to do. I think that's going to be the game going forward. As we said in the last call, this is going to be a period of brilliant disruption over the next three to five years and we're going to approach it with pessimism or optimism. We actually think this could be a time when a lot of competitor balances could be reset. And as perhaps the largest U.S. company in food and beverages and the second largest food and beverage company in the world, believe me, we will play an outsized role in this resetting of the competitive balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning everyone. Thank you. Thank you for taking the questions. So, first on Frito, I think going back to Caroline's question and I think also boding into what your comments, but just curious how you're seeing your competitor -- any competitor reaction, because clearly you have been gaining share consistently there. And if you're seeing anything in terms of your DSD against one of your competitors kind of getting out of DSD, if you're seeing any potential reaction to that? Or are you sort of seeing that market share gains as secular and more resilient than before?
Indra Nooyi: Go ahead Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I'm happy to answer that Andrea. I think what you see is more resilient rather than temporary. A lot what's happening right now with Frito-Lay is less driven by what competition is doing and just more driven by the fact that Frito-Lay is both running the core portfolio very well and innovating well around that portfolio with products like Stacy's and Smartfood and many of the premium products. So, if you look at what's going to drive Frito-Lay's growth for the future, it's going to be continuing to execute that core portfolio and continuing to innovate premium and that will likely result in continued share gains over time, not anything that's happening competitively.
Indra Nooyi: So, thank you all for your questions. And let me just summarize by saying we are pleased with our year-to-date results for the third quarter with strong results across most of our sectors and we expect our topline performance to accelerate in Q4 as performance at NAB recovers. And we're on track to deliver our fifth consecutive year of at least 9% core constant currency EPS growth. And we believe we are well positioned to continue to perform well over the long run. As always, thank you for joining us this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the PepsiCo third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-11 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - SVP, IR Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman and CFO
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. Stephen Powers - UBS Securities Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Pablo Zuanic - SIG Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our second quarter 2017 performance and full-year outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. We've kept our comments brief and intend to conclude the call by 8.30. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2017 guidance, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. All references to free cash flow exclude certain items. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investor section of PepsiCo's Web-site under the Events and Presentations tab. Now it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I am pleased to report that our second quarter results were very much in line with our expectations and that we remain on track to meet our full-year 2017 financial goals. For the quarter, while our reported results continue to be impacted by macro volatility and weak currencies, organic revenue was up more than 3% globally, a sequential acceleration from our growth rate in the first quarter. We generated organic revenue growth across both developed and developing and emerging markets, with developed markets up 2% and D&E markets growing 6%. The portfolio generated strong net price realization and core constant currency operating profit grew 7%. Core constant currency EPS grew 13%. Our results reflect the power and durability of our portfolio, its ability to deliver sustainable and well-balanced results, despite ongoing pockets of macro and geopolitical challenges in a number of our key markets around the globe, and in an increasingly dynamic retail and consumer environment. Let's briefly review the performance in the quarter across our sectors, starting with North America where organic revenue grew 2% and core constant currency operating profit was up 4%. Importantly, year to date through the second quarter, we have also generated more U.S. retail sales growth than all other $5 billion-plus manufacturers combined. Frito-Lay North America had another very strong quarter. Volume and organic revenue accelerated sequentially from Q1, as we expected, and results reflected a very good balance of volume growth, net price realization and margin expansion. We feel very good about the business, with innovation, pricing and execution, all on target. We are pleased to report that Frito-Lay alone was the number one contributor to total U.S. food and beverage retail growth by all $5 billion-plus manufacturers through the end of Q2. Similarly, North America Beverages grew organic revenue and core operating profit, but our growth rates were limited in part by adverse channel and subcategory mix in the quarter, as we have seen a lower rate of year-to-date growth in the C-store channel compared to last year and water growth outpace the balance of our business. We are encouraged by continued strength in our [stills] portfolio with good growth in Gatorade, our total water portfolio which benefited from the strong introduction of LIFEWTR, Lipton, and our distribution of Rockstar. In fact, in just five months of sales since its launch in Q1, LIFEWTR has already reached $70 million in retail sales across measured channels, was the top brand contributing to LRB retail sales growth of the second quarter, and is on track to generate approximately $200 million in retail sales on an annualized basis. On the carbonated side, we are encouraged by the performance of Pepsi Zero Sugar, but have more work to do on the carbonated portfolio overall. We will also be allocating a bit more marketing behind the big sparkling brand in the second half. We have strong activation for this summer behind Pepsi Fire and our DEW-S-A program, followed by strong execution behind the NFL as we get to the fall. As we execute our second half plans, we will remain very focused on driving better net price realization and letting our marketing and innovation drive the top line. Quaker Foods North America performance continues to be impacted by broader center-of-stove pressures, but is performing well relative to other large breakfast manufacturers. Going forward, we have powerful programming in place aimed to improve the trajectory of the business. So for example, we have activation behind portable breakfast innovation, namely Breakfast Flats that we launched in 2016 and Breakfast Squares that were launched in the first quarter, and we have just launched a new and first-to-market Overnight Oats Cup in the second quarter to capitalize on the recent and growing consumer trend of preparing chilled oats using a variety of healthy ingredients. Turning to our sectors outside North America, in Latin America we continue to see very challenging macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical instability, and high levels of inflation in key markets, including Brazil and Argentina, which are dampening consumer spending. Within this context, our businesses are performing well. Our largest market in the region, Mexico, encouragingly has been relatively stable and resilient and is performing well, and posted double-digit organic revenue growth in the second quarter. While our core profit performance in the first half of the year was impacted by difficult economic conditions, we expect to see an improvement in core profit growth in the second half as we lap incremental investments from last year and we realize productivity from supply chain initiatives. Similarly, we are experiencing macro challenges in a number of markets throughout our Asia, Middle East and North Africa segment, including the significant currency devaluation in Egypt and the economic impact in a number of markets across the Middle East stemming from persistently low oil prices. Related to these, we are experiencing significant cost inflation in Egypt arising from adverse transaction Forex and we are dealing with the recently imposed carbonated soft drink tax in Saudi Arabia. So we are adjusting our business to address these challenges. We are pricing to cover the increased cost of doing business, we are going more aggressively after productivity to reduce our overall costs, and we continue to transform our beverage portfolio to offer more non-carbonated options and reducing sugar levels across the portfolio. On the other hand, we are encouraged by a number of bright spots in the region, including China where we saw double-digit beverage organic revenue growth and mid single-digit snack organic revenue growth, in markets like Pakistan and Egypt where organic revenue was up double-digits. And finally, turning to Europe and Sub-Sahara Africa, we had very good results across the region, with organic revenue growth in each of our major markets and a sequential acceleration overall. Russia, our largest market in the region, had mid-single-digit organic revenue growth and very strong operating margin improvement. As you saw in the release, our results also benefited from our sale of our minority stake in Britvic. Even excluding this gain, core operating profit was up 19%. So we are very encouraged by the performance in the region and are optimistic about the outlook for the balance of the year. We continue to manage what's in our control and our portfolio products and geographies is working. And so, with half the year behind us and our performance overall in line with our plans and expectations, we remain very much on track to deliver our full year financial target of at least 3% organic revenue growth and 8% core constant currency EPS growth. And we continue to deliver these strong, reliable results even as our industry is undergoing some interesting shifts from multiple angles. Consumer habits and behaviors continue to evolve, some trends like consumers' increasing demand for convenience and variety have been present for decades but are becoming more pronounced, consumer shopping habits are rapidly adapting to evolving and new retail formats, and their lifestyles are increasingly influenced by pervasive social and digital media and mobile technology, and this in turn requires new marketing models that harness the power of digital media and big data in a way that enables us to communicate with consumers on a much more personal and individualized level. Consumers are also seeking more value and benefits from what they purchase and consume. They are also seeking more premium experiences, and at the same time seeking value. And across the spectrum, consumers continue to be interested in health and wellness, but with differing definitions, often not science-based of what this means. Perhaps more pronounced are the changes we are witnessing in retail where the lines are blurring between channels. Brick and mortar retailers are building deep e-commerce capability, pure-play e-commerce is moving into brick-and-mortar, and virtually every channel is melding aspects of grocery, convenience, foodservice, meal kits, prepared meals, and home delivery. So with all this change occurring and at an accelerated pace, we could look upon the spirit in our industry with hesitation and pessimism or with a sense of excitement and optimism. We choose to take the optimistic approach because this period offers a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to strengthen our business and capture new avenues of growth. We believe we are well-positioned to win in this environment. In fact, we anticipated and prepared for many of the trends we are witnessing today. To begin, we participate in growing categories with products that are well-suited to consumers' continued desire for convenience, on-the-go portability, and snacking, in place of structured meals. Many of our brands occupy the number one or number two spot in their respective categories, giving them the scale to cut through an increasingly cluttered and fragmented media landscape, especially in the digital realm. Our product portfolio has the stretch to continue to evolve with consumer needs. We have the ability to innovate to provide new benefits and value to the consumer in ways that are not only consistent with the brand's equity but in many ways strengthen it. A few examples come to mind. Lipton tea, over the years we have not only added more variety but we have strengthened the brand by introducing increasingly premium offerings, first with Pure Leaf and more recently with the Tea House Collection, resulting in the leading share position we enjoy today. Or Mountain Dew, where over time we have expanded the trademark from traditional green-bottle Dew and Diet Dew to exciting line extensions like Code Red, White Out and Voltage, and our very successful Kickstart lineup. Or Doritos, where our loyal consumers have embraced flavor extensions to the core product and innovations we have taken to foodservice and quick serve restaurants. Or Quaker, where we have provided increasing portability and convenience to a hearty, healthy breakfast through the introduction of Breakfast Squares and Breakfast Flats. Beyond our product advantages, we also have a well-balanced geographic footprint that enables us to weather pockets of macroeconomic volatility. Importantly, we have extremely strong relationships with our retail partners and meaningful presence of scale across all our relevant channels. In each of our five largest markets, comprising approximately 75% of our total net revenue, we are the largest or #2 food and beverage manufacturer based on retail sales. Regardless of channel, our products and brands possess a number of important characteristics that make them highly appealing to our customers. They are often purchased on impulse, which makes them highly incremental and therefore build basket and box size. On promotion, they drive traffic. They are highly complementary to other food and beverage purchases and they have high velocities, which makes them very productive in whatever shelf they occupy, and therefore they are big cash flow generators. These attributes translate to the very foundation of the value we bring to our customers regardless of channel. We deliver sales growth and cash flow for our customers. And our partnership with customers goes well beyond supplying great products. Our deep capabilities, enabled by our scale and years of extensive investment, allow us to work with a strategic partner, delivering value in the areas of supply chain management, consumer and shopper insight, social and digital consumer engagement, research and development, design, data analytics, and e-commerce. In fact, our execution with retailers, leveraging the full breadth of our capabilities, deserves to be named the #1 best-in-class manufacturer in the most recent annual Kantar Retail PoweRanking survey in the United States, and this was further reinforced a few weeks ago when I attended the Consumer Goods Forum in Berlin. In meeting after meeting with our retail partners from around the globe, they expressed how much they value the growth we generate for them. And finally, one of the most compelling reasons for our optimism is our culture. Over decades, we have built and developed a culture that thrives on change. We have the heart of a challenger, a can-do spirit, with a must-do result. We view the evolution of our business, that is products, supply chains, processes, organizations, or business models, as our natural state. Our business today is very different than it was five years ago and we expect it to be very different five years from now. Consider our beverage portfolio transformation that began decades ago when we had declared that we would become a total beverage company, and over the years we have built an enviable portfolio of leading brands across virtually every sub-segment of the beverage category, including Gatorade, Tropicana, Aquafina, Lipton, and Starbucks, through organic introductions, joint ventures and acquisitions. And this transformation continues, as evidenced by our recent introductions of products like LIFEWTR, Lemon Lemon, and IZZE Fusions, and acquisition of KeVita. By having continuing to evolve our supply-chain over the years, as the retail landscape has changed and new technologies have come to market. Our supply chain in Frito-Lay today is very different from the one we operated just a few years ago. For example, our deployment of GES has enabled us to handle more SKUs, fulfill demand with greater speed and accuracy, improve product quality and freshness, and operate more efficiently. With our embrace of performance and purpose, the journey we embarked on more than 10 years ago that has transformed our business to adapt to the changing world around us. We have reduced added sugars, saturated fat and sodium in many of our products, while continuing to expand our lineup of nutritious foods and beverages to meet growing consumer demand. Our product transformation efforts to date have resulted in a portfolio where we now derive approximately 45% of our net revenue from products that we refer to as guilt-free. These products include diet and other beverages that contain 70 calories or less from added sugar per 12-ounce serving and snacks with low levels of sodium and saturated fat, as well as what we call 'everyday nutrition product'. And a full 28 points of the 45 points is made up of what we refer to as 'everyday nutrition', products with positive nutrients like grains, fruits and vegetables, protein, unsweetened tea, and water. We have steadily improved our operational water use and energy efficiency, reducing our packaging and waste, and promoting responsible agricultural practices globally. We have built a workplace that attracts and retains the world's best and brightest. And we intend to continue to make strides in these areas. We have announced even more aggressive product, planet and people goals that we intend to achieve by 2025. Net, we feel very good about where we stand. We have a leading product portfolio, balanced development across channels and geographies, broad capabilities, a robust productivity agenda, a great corporate culture, and excellent talents. These factors and combinations have enabled us to continue to deliver an attractive balance of top line and bottom line growth, and they give us the confidence to lead into an ever-changing environment with a sense of excitement and cautious optimism. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: Thank you, Indra, and good morning everyone. Let's move to our outlook for 2017. Looking ahead, and as we set out in the release, we continue to expect organic revenue growth of at least 3%, fueled by successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution but tempered by a cautious macro outlook. Based on current market consensus rates, foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact full-year reported net revenue by approximately 2 percentage points, consistent with our previous guidance, and negatively impact core EPS by approximately 2 percentage points, which is a 1 point improvement from our previous guidance. We intend to reinvest the Britvic share sale gain in the balance of the year, so I would encourage you not to flow through the impact of the gain in your full year models. Given the variety of macro issues we are facing around the globe, we think it is prudent to use this upside to strengthen the business. As a result of the improvement in foreign exchange outlook on earnings, we now expect core earnings of $5.13 per share. This reflects core constant currency EPS growth of 8%, offset by the 2 point Forex impact. In terms of other key considerations and assumptions embedded in our full-year outlook, we continue to expect raw material inflation driven by both an increase in our basket of commodities and additional pressure from transaction Forex. We continue to expect core operating margin expansion, fueled by our productivity programs, and we continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow excluding certain items to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. So, for 2017, we continue to expect approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations; net capital spending of approximately $3 billion; approximately $7 billion in free cash flow excluding certain items; cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion; recall that we previously announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend beginning with the June payment, this represents the 45th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend; and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following three items as they relate to the balance of the year. First, please keep in mind that we will be lapping our strongest rate of quarterly organic revenue growth in Q3, with a particularly tough lap in our North America Beverages sector. Second, while we are lapping some incremental investments related to the 53rd week from last year, we do intend to reinvest the Britvic share sale gain this year. Hence, we expect there may be some variability and volatility in the core operating margin. Third, we expect the negative impact of foreign exchange translation to be similar to what we saw this quarter, and consequently we expect the balance of year core EPS growth to be weighted toward Q4. With that, we are ready to take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian: So Indra, I was hoping you could give us some perspective on the U.S. CPG environment. Obviously it's been weak year to date, but also specifically in Q2 we have seen category weakness across the board, including in your segment. So, I was hoping for detail on what's driving the softness in your mind from a consumer standpoint across CPG, are you seeing any signs of improvement in Q3? I guess your comment on the tough top line comparison might indicate you are not so far. But any reason to think basically that consumer outlook may improve in the back half of the year? And then specifically on your business, the flat Frito-Lay North America volume results in Q2 were essentially flat. Do you think that will improve in the back half of the year, and how concerned are you also on the U.S. carbonated soft drink side by the year-over-year market share losses and plans to improve that going forward?
Indra K. Nooyi: That was 10 questions, Dara. That was 10 questions very wonderfully rolled into one, but we're going to try to answer every one of those. Let me start by saying that I think you are beginning to see the limitations of the syndicated data, because as I mentioned in my script, the channels are beginning to blur between food service, retail, home delivery, restaurants, everything, the channels are beginning to blur. And when you have blurring channels, you now have a shopping occasion being replaced by home delivery or replaced by a meal delivery of kits. So what we have to do is rethink what is the real growth of the marketplace, the food and beverage marketplace, in a much more holistic way. There's no question that the syndicated data showed a slowdown in the overall market I'd say in the first half. Rather than talk about quarter to quarter, let's just talk about the first half. Slightly south of 2% is what we saw in the first half. But I think if you include a much broader definition of the market, I think you're going to see what the traditional growth is, which is population plus some, more in the range of somewhere between 2% and 2.5%. I think that's what you'll see as an overall growth rate. I think we all as manufacturers have to start to rethink how we serve this multiplicity of channels and how we should retool our business models to serve every one of these fragmenting channels. That's the challenge all of us have and we have been looking at that very, very carefully. Now let's talk a little bit about the category weakness. I think, on salty snacks in particular, let me speak to that. I have belief, and we watch volume, revenue and pricing very, very carefully on a weekly basis, I think where the market is today, when we can take pricing, we should take the pricing, and we have been trying to move the portfolio more to premium products, and the good news is that we are actually making progress in Frito-Lay to move the business more to premium products. And so, I'd say, this thing will right itself, we are gaining share overall in the marketplace, we are gaining value share which is really what we are focused on, we are managing the mix very carefully, managing channel mix, product mix very carefully. We feel pretty good about the Frito-Lay performance and where we are moving the portfolio, nudging it towards premium, balancing the value of mainstream part of the portfolio very, very carefully. So we feel good about that. On the beverage side, we've got good price realization, so I feel good about that. Do I have some concerns about our carbonated soft drink business? Not concerns, but I think they have more opportunity, and I think that as we move towards the second half of the year and we sort of fine-tune our calendar, you'll start seeing more activity from us on carbonated soft drinks. On balance, we have good innovation, and I wouldn't say we are concerned, but we are watching it very, very carefully to make sure that everything that we can control, we do right by these businesses. Big businesses, very attractive businesses, we just want to make sure we get our fair share of those businesses. But the key thing is we are going to focus on price realization and let marketing drive the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS.
Stephen Powers: Actually, I was hoping we could maybe just clean up a little bit on both those two topics, Frito-Lay and North America Beverages. On Frito-Lay, the 3.5 points of net pricing this quarter, is there a way to just frame how much of that was rate versus the channel or package mix premiumization that you called out, Indra, versus maybe some lingering sober effects? I'm just trying to figure out what's driving that price, because to the extent I think the concern is that the price gap gets too wide and that becomes problematic on volume. Just like to hear your explanation there. And then on North America Beverages, I was hoping you could also give more color, maybe a quantification on the favorable legal settlement, Hugh, and the promotional spending accruals that helped segment profit there this quarter? I think that's the second quarter in a row where we've had favorable promotional spending accruals, and I'd just love just to better understand the magnitude and the dynamics there. So thanks for both.
Hugh F. Johnston: Happy to answer both of those, Steve. In terms of price versus mix in Frito, round numbers it was about 2 points price and about 1.5 points of mix. Mix, as Indra mentioned, is driven by premium products such as Lay's Poppables. So when you are selling a potato puff, you are obviously filling the bag with less weight than you would say with a bag of Fritos. So we think that's a good win for the consumer and it's obviously a good win for us as well.
Indra K. Nooyi: And it's a great tasting product.
Hugh F. Johnston: Fantastic tasting product. In terms of the legal settlement and the other items that you mentioned, it was in the teens in millions. So, it was not small number but not a gigantic number by any stretch of imagination.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Wanted to touch on two topics, if I could please? One, in your first answer this morning around changes of channels and shift that you mentioned in your prepared remarks as well, have you guys really figured out how to sell impulse online well, how do you get that cold icy package, or quick $0.89 or $0.99 bag of Lay's to really resonate online without the immediacy of that channel? It seems to be becoming a bigger and bigger deal, given just lower foot traffic in brick-and-mortar. So I'd love to hear your philosophy on that. The second topic, I want to dig a little bit deeper on, and a few folks mentioned early, Steve mentioned, secondly on operating margins more broadly, so just hoping if you could quantify operating margins, the impact of productivity, the impact of commodities, the impact of promotional spending accrual settlements, as well as the marketing spend? Because if I look at two of those in particular on productivity, and we've heard for many, many years now, we know doing all those cost savings on an annual basis, but we don't actually see your SG&A as a percentage of sales particularly low versus peers even with some adjustments given bottler structure, et cetera, and we are now starting to see core operating margins have difficulty expanding, in fact they were down 10 basis points this quarter. So, is it that the low hanging fruit is most difficult, is harder to get now, I mean the lowest hanging fruit I guess is gone and it's hard to show? So, I'd love some more detail after quantification on productivity. And on marketing spend, you did increase marketing spend in FLNA, QFNA, NAB, AMENA this quarter, it looks like year-to-date as well, and that's where you're seeing volume struggles. And on the one hand, you could say, one could say, well, that's causality, so no ad spend growth leads to challenged volume growth, or actually is it judicious decision-making because those markets aren't going to grow anyway? So I know there's a lot packed in there but it's really around the second part, the topic of operating margins please. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, I'm going to let Hugh get all the answers ready for the 10 questions you asked in operating margin, Ali. Let me talk about the changes in channels. We are all figuring it out as we go along. The good news is, our e-commerce business is growing brilliantly. We are doing very, very well. We are not yet ready to talk about it in any significant way. Maybe in the next couple of calls we will start focusing on that. But it's growing really, really nicely. But it's growing with our traditional products and our traditional packaging, if you want to call it that. There is clearly an opportunity for us to think about innovation for e-commerce, which is what we are all focused on. We want to make sure that our snacks are more shippable, not just in click and collect, but more also for delivery, so that the cube efficiency is there. And on beverages, I think there are two issues. One is the cold delivery of the beverages, if consumers so desire ice-cold beverages delivered to them, which I find it hard to believe, but you can never tell. And then how do we make sure that we address this whole delivery of water, because beverages is largely water. So we are looking at meaningful innovation, both in snacks and beverages, in order to address the exploding growth of e-commerce. And with our big brands, I think we are well-positioned. Now let me come to the impulse nature of our products. I think the whole e-commerce area is going to be impulse as you see it in a brick-and-mortar store, which then translates to e-commerce and then becomes part of a replenishment cycle. But then as people stop going to brick-and-mortar and start shopping only on e-commerce, which well could be the Gen-Z, the new I-generation, if you want to call it that, I think the new digital tools can easily afford you the ability to create the impulse experience online. We have seen so many virtual reality tools right now that can actually simulate grocery stores or whatever version of a grocery store you want online, and you can easily navigate the aisles and just with a click shop for whatever you want. So, I think in an interesting way there's infinite possibilities to create impulse all through technology online, and I think as this market matures and evolves, you're going to see a lot of that happening, and we are focused on developing all of these tools ourselves with our e-commerce partners to make sure that we are responsive to them when they so choose to go that way. So with that, let me turn it to Hugh to give you the [treaties] [ph] on operating margin. Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, happy to. Ali, a couple of comments on that. First, as we pointed out at the beginning of the year, we expect to see operating margin improvement strengthen as we go from the front half to the back half. That's what you saw from Q1 going to Q2 and that's what you'll see as we head into the back half of the year as well. So, I think things generally are tracking to our expectations. Regarding advertising and marketing spend, we have said many times that we would invest further in A&M to the degree that we saw a return on investing further in A&M. As we move from 5.2% of sales to 5.7%, that was a move to get more competitive, as we have moved over the past four years from 5.7% to about 6.7% of sales. Those were all based on good ROI. So, I think you'll see the A&M change as we introduce new products or as we see opportunities to earn a good return. We're not going to blindly put money into A&M. Do I think you'll see A&M going backwards? No, I don't expect that to be the case in a meaningful way. It could go forward to the degree that we see good investment opportunities. More broadly on productivity, truthfully I think we have years of productivity still in front of us. The cost bucket that we evaluate productivity against, what we call OpEx, is about $28 billion. It's got a natural inflation rate of 3% to 4% per year. So as we continue to drive 4%-ish types of productivity, you see that bucket basically staying relatively flat. I do expect that we will, as we have guided in the past, continue to see steady margin improvement while we reinvest in growth. So, I think overall, the margin versus growth equation is one that hasn't changed much relative to where we have been in recent years.
Indra K. Nooyi: And I think, Hugh, it's fair to say that with the changing marketplace, where there's blurring of retail channels, the consumer preferences changing, the marketing models changing, we have to invest in these new capabilities in order to generate the top line growth we are generating. So, we intend to continue to invest judiciously in these new areas, so we can sustain our top line growth globally.
Hugh F. Johnston: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: What are the questions that I guess or themes that have come up this year, specifically in North America, has been I think with all the changes in the retail environment, some concerns about pricing, and you have seen it especially in the food industry with the food stocks and how they have performed this year, and I think generally the concern is that there is going to be more sort of deflationary pressure at retail as retailers try to drive some traffic or keep customers, so can you kind of talk to how you're thinking about that, not so much for this year but over the next few years, do you think that there is going to be maybe a need to just maybe change the way you have thought about pricing philosophically, just given the changes in the channel?
Indra K. Nooyi: We model out different channel shifts, what could be the pricing implications, we look at analogs from Europe when there were lots of retail disruptions, and then we look at what do we need to do to get innovation-driven pricing, mix-driven pricing, and then what do we need to offset the productivity, how do we need to go deeper on productivity programs. So Bryan, what we do do is model this out constantly, we look at multiple scenarios, and then we figure out how to get the best blend of top and bottom line growth in a changing retail environment. The good news is that as the retail environment shifts, we just have to retool our model for the retail environment shifts. The market is still growing, that's the good news, and these are huge categories. So, our goal is to capture the growth with a changing environment with our innovation and our big brands. That's why we focus so much on innovation because we believe innovation can actually create consumer demand and get us the price premium, and then we keep investing in our brands, both at the big brand level and the emerging brands like KeVita and Naked, so that we can grow our business on both ends of the spectrum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel.
Mark Swartzberg: In February, we came to an interesting point in history, it was the five-year anniversary of your rebasing earnings, and no doubt the environment remains and arguably has become more challenging, but this year we are at just shy of 3% organic revenue. If you look at 2012 through 2016, you were at 4s and 5s. And we spent time in this Q&A talking about the need to invest. So my question is simply, headwinds are always there, they are always changing, but when you think about your internal capacity to invest, and of course that relates to the resolve to cut costs and where you put that money, do you think, A, that the need to reinvest is getting greater, that you have to actually pick up the pace of investment because of the headwinds getting harder, and then B, if it is getting harder, do you think you have the resources, the ability to even up the productivity target to address that greater pressure?
Indra K. Nooyi: I don't know about harder, they are different. I think it's different buckets, different areas, some areas that we are comfortable with, some areas where we have to develop new muscle, but that's part of life in our food and beverage industry. I've been in PepsiCo for 23 years and every five years or so there is a brand-new skill we have to develop. And this place is amazingly resilient, we develop the muscle, we hire from the outside when we have to, we retrain, and then we go on. So, I wouldn't say it's getting harder, I'd just say that it's different buckets and we have to put in the work to make sure that we can deliver growth in this new environment. As I said in response to an earlier question, we are looking at how much productivity we need to deliver to offset any price inflation if it happens because of retail disruption. So, we are constantly looking at how we need to balance top line and bottom line growth, and clearly productivity is a major factor in bottom line growth delivery. So we are looking at that. Hugh, did you want to add anything to that point?
Hugh F. Johnston: No, I think you captured it effectively. I do think we are doing different than new skills but that's something to be expected. And as far as having the resources, I think we can continue to drive sufficient productivity to stay ahead of the wave.
Indra K. Nooyi: And I think a lot of the new technologies actually allow us to deliver more productivity. We just need to  I think the key thing people have to take away is that in order to deliver productivity downstream, you have to invest upstream. So you have to invest today to get the benefits tomorrow. Benefits don't come out of thin air. And so, what we are doing is investing today to get more productivity downstream.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of SIG.
Pablo Zuanic: Just a question on, maybe it's going back in time, but 15 years ago the industry went through significant consolidation with Quaker, Kraft/Nabisco, General Mills/Pillsbury, Kellogg/Keebler, and we are talking about the significant changes taking place in the retail channel, we have seen retail consolidation, consumer changes, e-commerce, do you think the industry needs to as you mentioned develop new muscles, and a way to do that, that we should see another consolidation wave in the industry? I mean, yes, I'm asking a little bit from an industry point of view but also from a Pepsi point of view, does size being bigger help to adapt to these new changes or what happened 15 years ago in hindsight was a wrong answer, that wave of consolidation? And just a quick follow-up, if Unilever were to change hands, I suppose that you could lose the Lipton agreement, right, you would be probably  there would be a penalty that you will need to be compensated, but I assume that that contract would be taken away, if you can expand on that? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, first of all, we don't lose the Lipton business even with change of hands. So I would rest assure that we are protected there. On this whole industry outlook, Pablo, I think you guys on the sell side are much more knowledgeable about industry and industry trends, because you've been following it for such a long time. We actually read your reports to get insights into where you think the industry is going. So I'd rather depend on your opinions here and we'll keep our opinions to ourselves on this one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I just wanted to follow up again on the scanner conversation and just specifically relative to your business on North America Beverages, because the scanner data and your results have really been diverging 300, 400, now I think 450 basis points this quarter. So if you could just talk a little bit about where the sort of untracked data is coming from? And then the other piece was that at least in the scanner data, both Mountain Dew overall, and specifically Kickstart and Gatorade, slowed dramatically, both of those down double digits. So if you could just talk a little bit about that, with anything specific plans you may have where you are anticipating those to recover, at least to get in the tracked channel piece of it? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thanks Lauren for the question. First of all, we don't reconcile our data with the scanner data. We just keep running the business and just we keep selling, we keep making sure that our product is on the shelf. Remember, we are high velocity products. So, we know on a weekly basis exactly what we sell and what's being pulled by the consumer. So we have good data on what's happening in the marketplace. I have no idea why the scanner data diverges so much. It's been happening in many markets and I think it reflects some of the limitations of syndicated data and they need to go back and retool it, but we are very comfortable where we are and we are just going to keep running the business this way. So with that, let me thank you for your questions, and to summarize, we are pleased with our results for the first half, we remain on track to deliver our full-year financial targets, and we feel well-positioned to continue to perform well, even in the midst of change and disruption. Thank you very much for joining us this morning and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 07:45:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc. Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc. Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.
Analysts: Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.PepsiCo.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our first quarter 2017 performance and full-year outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. We're aware today is a particularly busy reporting day for the CPG sector, so we've kept our comments brief and intend to conclude the call by 8:30. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2017 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. All references to free cash flow exclude certain items. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the Glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie. I am pleased to report that we are on track to meet our 2017 financial goals, with first quarter operating results right in line with our expectations. Organic revenue was up 2% globally. We delivered positive volume growth in both global snacks and global beverages, along with positive net price realization. And core constant currency EPS grew 7%. And despite the macro volatility and weak currencies in many of our key overseas markets that impacted our reported results, our organic revenue growth was driven by our developing and emerging markets businesses, with mid-single-digit organic revenue gains. We are particularly encouraged by the broad-based gains we saw in our two largest developing and emerging markets, Mexico and Russia, where growth across snacks, beverages and dairy led to high single-digit organic revenue growth in each of these important markets. And the developed markets, we grew organic revenue 1%, led by solid performance of Frito-Lay North America and North American Beverages. And we delivered this performance despite facing a few headwinds, including: the timing of the New Year holiday, which fell into the 53rd week of our 2016 fiscal year; a later Easter this year; and the delay of U.S. income tax refunds that dampened Q1 consumer spending across virtually every consumer category. With Q1 coming in line with our expectations, we remain confident in the full year 2017 outlook we shared with you last quarter, namely, organic revenue growth of at least 3% and core constant currency EPS growth of 8%. We are proud of the strength and consistency of our performance over the years and we expect 2017 to be yet another strong year of achievement. As I wrote in my annual letter to shareholders, our performance has been enabled, in large part, by our anticipation of and response to far-reaching demographic environmental and societal shifts. For more than a decade, it has been clear to us that if we wanted to make our future as bright as our past, we needed to transform our company in a number of critical ways. With changing consumer preferences reflecting a growing shift towards healthier lifestyles, we needed to continue to transform our portfolio to offer more nutritious products. With increasing strains on natural resources and the increasing importance governments are placing on protecting our planet, we needed to transform our operations to limit our environmental footprint. And we're changing attitudes, values and demographics in the workplace, especially as Millennials enter the workforce in large numbers. We needed to transform our workplace and our culture to make sure we were meeting the evolving expectations of a new generation of associates. The urgency of responding to these shifts is what gave rise to the approach we call Performance with Purpose. From the start, Performance with Purpose has been more than a slogan. It's been an overarching vision, guiding every aspect of our business. It's about building a healthier future for all our stakeholders. Of course, this begins with generating healthy financial returns for our owners, but that is just the table stakes. Our challenge is to deliver them consistently and sustainably year after year. And the way we are doing this is by continuing to transform in five areas: first, making healthier foods and beverages for our consumers. To meet the evolving needs of our consumers around the world, we are shifting our portfolio to a wider range of what we call: first, Everyday Nutrition products, which are products with positive nutrients like grains, fruits and vegetables or protein, plus those that are naturally nutritious like water and unsweetened tea; and two, what we call guilt-free products, which includes the Everyday Nutrition products plus beverages with 70 calories or less from added sugar per 12-ounce serving and snacks with low levels of sodium and saturated fat. As a result, today, more than 45% of our net revenue is derived from guilt-free products. And our Everyday Nutrition portfolio is growing faster than the balance of the portfolio. This transformation has been enabled by a series of critical investments in R&D that are paving the way for new flavors and sweeteners, as well as ingredients and recipes. And we are also investing in advanced manufacturing technologies, like our proprietary frying innovation that can reduce the amount of fat in potato chips by 20%. You see our commitment to our product transformation and our recent innovation around the globe. For example, in North America, we just launched LIFEWTR, a premium bottled water, PH balanced, with electrolytes for added taste. The brand fuses creativity with design to serve as a source of inspiration by featuring the works of some of today's top visual artists on the package. We also launched LEMON LEMON. It's a sparkling lemonade, a modern take on an old tradition with bubbles, lemon juice and a touch of sweeteners, with just 70 calories per 12-ounce serving. We launched IZZE FUSIONS, a next-generation sparkling beverage, modernized with unique flavors and just 60 calories per 12-ounce serving. And we're expanding the lineup of our highly-successful Smartfood Delight popcorn, that contains just 35 calories per cup. It's made with air-popped 100% whole grain popcorn, contains no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives and offers gluten-free and non-GMO project verified varieties. In Brazil, we are launching new Quaker fruit bars made with oats and real fruit. Quaker fruit bars are just 60 calories per serving, have no added sugar, has zero trans fats and are a source of fiber and Vitamin C. In Russia, our J7 whole fruit line, containing 100% fruit juice and nectars with the fiber of a whole fruit, hit the market earlier this year. In Mexico, we are expanding our global Sunbites franchise with the launch of three product forms, multi-grain chips, popcorn and plantains. And in the UK, we launched Quaker Super Goodness in two forms, SuperGrains and Super Fruits, both made with 100% whole-grain oats with beta glucan, which has been shown to lower blood cholesterol levels. And we believe there is much more room to grow in the space. For example, working with our retail partners, Quaker Foods North America has the opportunity to return to growth by leveraging one of the most beloved nutrition distribution brands to renew excitement in the center of the store through innovative merchandising. The second area is generating healthy growth for our retail and foodservice partners. As a result of all the investments we have made to position ourselves for success over the long term, from anticipating consumer trends to building a robust innovation pipeline, to transforming our product portfolio to meet consumers' needs, we are delivering top-tier growth for our retailers. For the third consecutive year, PepsiCo was the largest contributor to branded retail food and beverage sales growth in the U.S. In fact, in 2016, we generated more retail sales growth than all other $5 billion-plus food and beverage manufacturers combined. We're driving growth by leveraging our global scale and driving excellent local in-market execution. For example, in 2016, we placed with our retail partners more than 250,000 single-serve displays dedicated to our fastest-growing brands with our best innovation, driving growth in single-serve beverages for our retail partners and us. By implementing the GES model pioneered Frito-Lay, our North America Beverage unit is improving order accuracy, reducing out-of-stocks and driving even greater levels of in-store service. To drive growth with our foodservice partners, in just one year, we placed 20,000 Hello Goodness branded vending units that offer consumers access to foods and beverages from across the PepsiCo portfolio that meet certain nutrition criteria. And we are building a powerhouse e-commerce team, creating global capability in markets from the U.S. to China to the UK and tailoring that capability with retailers to fit their growth strategy. Third, we are contributing to a healthier planet while boosting our bottom line. One of the central planks of Performance with Purpose, the vision we set out over a decade ago, has been protecting our planet and conserving natural resources. We continue to advance these efforts in a number of ways, including responsible water use, shrinking our carbon footprint across our supply chain and reducing our waste and packaging material, not only because it's the right thing to do, because it's the smart thing to do for business. I am pleased to report that globally, approximately one-third of our plants have now achieved near-zero waste landfill while reducing, reusing or recycling their waste. And our efforts continue. In January, we activated a wind turbine at our Skelmersdale plant in the UK, which is now providing 25% of the site's electricity with this renewable energy source. These and many other environmental sustainability initiatives are not only shrinking our environmental footprint, they're also substantially reducing our costs and boosting the bottom line. The fourth area is creating a healthy workplace and culture for our associates. The extraordinary men and women who make up our company are our greatest assets. That's why we're committed to remaining a place that the best and brightest come, not only to earn a living, but to build a life by fostering a healthy workplace and culture. So we've undertaken a broad set of initiatives: to build a work force that's diverse and inclusive; to provide working caregivers the support and flexibility they need to meet their responsibilities at work and home; to foster learning; and to promote more effective ways to work together. For example, in North American Beverages, we've declared 2017 to be the year of the frontline leader and launched frontline leader excellence training to our almost 3,000 frontline managers, with topics covering employer advocacy, time management and career building. And at Frito-Lay, we are piloting innovative programs to address the continuous need for skilled labor by creating a variety of programs aimed at skill development for our current associates as well as partnerships with local technical schools for development of future talent. Our workplace and culture are more than the product of corporate policies. It also reflects our values, holding ourselves to the highest standards of excellence, speaking with truth and candor and selling only products we can proudly stand behind. And the fifth area is promoting healthier communities wherever we operate. Although we're thought of as a global enterprise, we are also members of every local community where we do business. Our associates live there, we make our products there and we often source our raw materials there. For all of these reasons, we have a stake in the local communities we serve and we work hard to meet our responsibilities to them. An important way we contribute to our communities is by creating well-paying jobs, along with the possibility of long, successful careers. We are also doing our part to be a good neighbor in other ways. For example, in Chicago, for over a decade, we've been the title partner of the largest high school soccer tournament in the U.S., the PepsiCo Showdown. In 2017, there are 216 Chicago area high schools and more than 21,500 student athletes involved in the event, which is built around the theme Make a Difference On AND Off the Field. Relatedly, there is a monthly community service push with the thousands of PepsiCo Showdown student athletes to cultivate leadership for a brighter future. And throughout Mexico, our Entrepreneurship for Growth program supports youngsters from vulnerable communities to improve their quality of life, to develop enough soft skills through sport and hard skills through technical education. So taken together, these steps form a virtuous cycle that's powering our ongoing transformation as a company, enabling us to do well by doing good and positioning us for success, not only over the short term but also over the long term, adding to both the durability and duration of our shareholder value creation. So net-net, we feel good about the state of our business. We are on track to deliver our full-year financial targets. And we are managing our business to both the short-term and the long-term in a way that delivers healthy, sustainable returns to our shareholders. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by picking up on Indra's point regarding healthy financial returns. As much as we are proud of the advancement of our agendas with customers, consumers, our associates and communities, we are equally pleased with the financial gains these initiatives have contributed to our shareholders. Over the past five years, we have generated approximately $40 billion of free cash flow, excluding certain items, and returned $38 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This cash flow has been the result of healthy organic revenue growth, margin expansion, diligent working capital management and disciplined capital allocation, including responsible reinvestment in the business to position it to remain strong and generate attractive returns far into the future. We believe 2017 will add to our track record of balanced earnings growth and strong cash generation for the company and attractive cash returns for our shareholders, which brings me to our outlook for 2017. As we set out in the release, we continue to expect organic revenue growth of at least 3%, fueled by successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution, but tempered by a cautious macro environment. Foreign exchange is now expected to negatively impact reported revenue by approximately 2 percentage points, which is an improvement of 1 point from our previous guidance based on current market consensus rates. And we continue to expect core earnings of $5.09 per share, which assumes core constant currency growth of 8%, offset by an expected 3 percentage point drag from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus rates, which remains unchanged from our previous guidance. In terms of other key considerations and assumptions embedded in our full-year outlook, we continue to expect raw material inflation driven by both an increase in our basket of commodities and additional pressure from transaction ForEx. We continue to expect core operating margin expansion, contributed to by our productivity programs. And we continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow, excluding certain items, to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So for 2017, we continue to expect: approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations; net capital spending of approximately $3 billion; approximately $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items; cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion  recall that we previously announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend, to begin with the June payment, and this would represent the 45th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend; and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like the highlight the following three items as they relate to the second quarter. First, we expect our rate of organic revenue growth to show sequential improvement. Second, we expect our consolidated core operating margin to contract in the quarter, due to the timing of business investments in Latin America and AMENA. And finally, we expect foreign exchange translation to be a low single-digit headwind on both reported revenue and EPS, based on current market consensus rates. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. Indra, I found it curious you mentioned you went straight to the tax refund as sort of being an explanation for some of the weakness we've seen in the U.S. I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on what you've seen as you've kind of come out of the quarter and maybe anything, frankly, distinctive about your businesses, because outside of Quaker, it certainly looks like snacks and beverages were relatively immune to some of the softness we've seen more broadly across CPG. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Lauren. Let me just say that, clearly, in the first part of the quarter, several things happened. One is the fact that the New Year build up into the 53rd week of 2016 and then we had the slowdown because the tax refunds were delayed. By the time we got to the end of the first quarter, the business started to pick up again. So we aren't really concerned. It's just a timing issue. I'd just say globally, our business is looking good. Let me quickly give you a snapshot of what we are seeing globally. Europe is doing very well. It's strong. The return to growth has been impressive, so we are feeling very good about Europe, across all parts of Europe. The Latin American continent, outside of Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela, is good, but Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela are causes for concern. The Middle East is retooling itself, and we have to wait for it to figure out how they're going to come out of the oil price decline. China, the GDP growth is good. Our snacks and nutrition business is doing very well, and our beverage business is slowly recovering. And India is coming out of a bold demonetization now to remonetization. There's good GDP growth and we feel good about our business prospects there, too. And as far as the U.S. is concerned, as we head into the second quarter, we don't have a reason to be worried.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. So although we've been, obviously, pretty positive on Pepsi for a while and certainly understand the timing shifts you went through just recently, your volume growth in the developed markets wasn't perhaps as great as it could be, certainly not as well as we had expected. And when we talk to investors and ask about the risks to the company  and I'm not sure it's all manifested in the quarter or not  but the risk to the company longer term, we kind of talk about three things and I'd love your perspective on it. One is Pepsi's business over-indexing to convenience stores in a time where gas prices are up. Have you seen any of that impact? Two is the company's difficulty, I guess, perhaps inability, to capture impulse purchases online as consumers shift to e-commerce. And then three is if health and wellness ever really impacts snacks like it does the rest of packaged foods? And have you seen any of those things manifested in the quarter or do you think it's all timing? And I guess also, are those perhaps legitimate concerns more broadly going forward?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: You know, Ali, those are all very good questions, but every one of these concerns can also be reframed as an opportunity. And that's really what we do because if PepsiCo's business is over-developed in C-stores, we look at expanding in grocery and other channels, whether it's foodservice or vending, as a bigger opportunity. And then we look to see how we can leverage our DSD system to grow our business into new categories in C-stores. And that's what has made us more valuable partners to convenience store retailers. And in terms of difficulty with impulse on online, we've built a very good e-commerce business. It's growing at impressive rates. I don't want to discuss those rates, but it's growing at impressive rates. And clearly, our challenge is to create impulse online. And we are working on tools with all of our partners to make our categories look like impulse categories online. It's a work in process, but I must tell you that our growth rates are quite impressive. And in terms of health and wellness and impacting the snacks business, look, snacks are simple pleasures of life. What we are doing is making our snacks more permissible. We're reducing the saturated fat levels. We remove trans fats. We're reducing the sodium levels. If you're going to eat a snack, eat a PepsiCo snack. And there's nothing wrong with eating a snack that's guilt-free. So our goal is to offer you a range of options from sort of fun-for-you products to guilt-free products, which include Everyday Nutrition, both in a snacking form and in a food-like form. And at this point, we are singularly focused on growing the core, expanding out of the core but making sure across the board we make them a lot more permissible. And it looks like that strategy is working at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the name of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a quick question on working capital, Hugh, it looked like it was a use of cash in the quarter. So can you just give us a little more color on that in terms of just the phasing I guess of cash flow for the year?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, Bryan, happy to. We typically are a user of working capital in the first quarter. If you go back, I think you'll see in most years we have generally had a couple hundred million dollar use of working capital, so same here. What are the drivers? Biggest one is we're starting to build inventory as we get into the hotter seasons, so not atypical in any regard. I think you'll see a pattern that is very, very consistent with what you've seen historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. So, Hugh, gross margins compressed year-over-year for the second straight quarter. That's a rarity for you guys. Obviously, you'd highlighted it previously, but I was hoping you could discuss your expectation in the balance of year on gross margins and also give us more detail on what drove the compression in Q1, particularly in terms of the balance between pricing realization versus commodity pressure and the commodity outlook in the balance of the year. Thanks.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, happy to, Dara. As you know, we saw some late in the year commodity inflation after a number of quarters of commodity deflation. When I say late in the year, I'm talking about late in the year 2016. That continued into 2017. And we expect that to continue, as we've shared before, over the course of the year. As you know, our intent is generally to price through commodity inflation. In developed markets, we generally price through 100%. In developing and emerging markets that have particularly high rates of inflation, we've tended to price through between two-thirds and three-quarters right away and then basically manage the rest of the P&L through productivity. What you saw this quarter, more than anything else, was our pricing in AMENA, in particular, was relatively light. Couple of markets driving that, the biggest one is Egypt, where we've seen particularly high inflation driven by ForEx. And our pricing is in place such that over the course of the full year, we should see margin appreciation. But in the first half of the year, we will likely see margin compression. So you'll likely see one more quarter of that, and then you'll see margin appreciation in the back half of the year. That is going to be driven, more than anything, by the fact that in the developing and emerging markets, we'll be taking more pricing to cover the commodity inflation. We do like to balance that out, as you know. We don't like to sticker shock the consumers in those markets because we want to keep them in the category. So a phased approach to pricing when we see high inflation, we found generally works best for long-term value creation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Judy.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. So I wanted to delve a little bit more into the Frito-Lay performance in the first quarter. Obviously, it was more of a price/mix-driven quarter with pretty healthy price/mix and volume down. So can you just talk about the acceleration in price/mix specifically and what's sort of driving that? And then with Kellogg transitioning out of the DSD system, have you started to see any positive impact on your business? And then, Hugh, just in terms of the currency impact in EBIT or EPS, that actually didn't change, even though revenue numbers came up a little bit, so is it just more of a rounding situation there?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, I'll answer the third question first, Judy. It was rounding. So the revenue tipped towards 2% but earnings stayed at 3%, but they both improved directionally, just one tipped over into 2% and the other stayed at 3%. Regarding the Frito-Lay business, two big numbers to point to that I think both cover the volume and also cover the pricing question that you're asking; the two big factors regarding why volume was down in the quarter, and both are temporary in that regard, number one was the New Year's build. As Indra pointed out in her opening, New Year's fell into the 53rd week. In the previous year, it fell into Quarter 1 of the year. That cost us about 1.3 points on volume for the quarter. The second was some of the challenges that we had in the Sabra business due to some product challenges, which we're now through and have largely solved. That cost us about six-tenths of a point on volume for the quarter. Now, one of the things to keep in mind is we don't get revenue credit for Sabra because it's a 50%-50% JV. We get, obviously, volume credit and we get profit credit. By virtue of that six-tenths of a point coming out of volume but not having an impact on revenue, it probably made it appear that there was more pricing than there is. Net, I think we've got our Frito-Lay pricing in the right place for the year. And as you see the Sabra volume start to come back, you should see improved volume performance. Obviously, we'll be out of the Easter as well as the New Year's overlap, and the volume will certainly come back because of that. Those were temporary factors, so.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: And we're already seeing the volume back.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Absolutely. The exit rate on the quarter is certainly solid.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Andrea. Welcome.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you, appreciate it. Good morning, everybody. Just following up on the gross margin that I had asked, from what I understood is like, obviously, a lot of impacts on the international side, but looking into U.S. and Frito-Lay and all and the beverage business as well, what could we expect in terms of like should we expect more of a smoother quarters at the balance of the year? Appreciate that, thank you.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, happy to. So for Beverages, you saw 1% revenue and 3% operating profit growth. I think you will see that strengthen slightly. And then for Frito, you saw 2% revenue and 4% operating profit growth. Again, I think you should expect to see that strengthen slightly as we get into the balance of the year. Quaker, we certainly expected to see a bit of improved performance. So, I think you'll see all the numbers lift a little bit as we get out of the first quarter and into the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Steve.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Good morning. So picking up on the pricing theme, it was again a pretty large driver of growth organically in Latin America this quarter. And maybe just could just talk a little bit more about how that played out, snacks versus beverages. But more importantly, looking ahead, do you see that current pricing trend as sustainable, just given some of the comments made by your competitor yesterday, at least with respect to Brazil, as well as the currency reversals we've begun to see since the start of the year? I guess a similar question might relate to Russia and Eastern Europe, as well.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, I'm happy to handle that one, Steve. We do expect to continue to see solid pricing down in Latin America. A couple things to think about in that regard, our beverage business in Brazil is relatively small, so we are somewhat insulated from some of the commentary that they made. In addition to that, our biggest business in Latin America is Mexico, where we continue to see very strong performance, both from the beverage business and particularly in our very large snack food business. And then, last but not least, obviously, Argentina has very high rates of inflation. That does create a significant pricing benefit in our overall numbers. So I do think we'll continue to see somewhat similar results. To the degree that the pricing trends need to moderate because of certain countries, I think you'll see, as you saw last year, improved volume performance. That's been our history in Latin America is as the pricing comes down from what are visually high single-digit types of numbers, our volume does tend to pick up. So I'm comfortable with the trends. You may see a bit more balance between volume and pricing is all.
Operator: Your next question comes...
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Sorry. The last question was regarding Russia. Again, I think same answer there. You'll probably see less pricing. The pricing was very ForEx driven anyway. So to the degree that the Russian consumer economy continues to strengthen, and as ForEx has less of an impact, I think you'll see us take less pricing but you'll see stronger volumes, so you'll probably get a fairly similar revenue result.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Credit Suisse.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning, Indra. Good morning, Hugh. Question about Quaker. I mean, despite Quaker being one of the LTS of all (34:54) PepsiCo brands, it seems the top line has been soft for quite some time, now including this quarter. At the same time, operating margin have reached a new high with 27.4% in the quarter. So could you please give us more color on this business segment and is this first quarter kind of a reflection of what we should see for the entire year?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Great question, Laurent. I'd say the Quaker business internationally outside the United States is doing very well. Solid growth, we are entering new markets. It's doing very, very well. In the U.S., the Quaker North America numbers that you see includes the Quaker hot cereal, which is where the Quaker brand is housed. And then all of the other businesses that go within Quaker North America, including Rice-A-Roni, Pasta Roni, Aunt Jemima, there's a whole bunch of other businesses, ready-to-eat cereals. One-third of the business is the Quaker hot cereals. And the Quaker hot cereals business, I'd say, over the past few years, has been flat to very slightly down. And the only reason why the overall portfolio looks negative is because it's center store business in grocery stores. And the overall center store category is down high single digits, sometimes even low double digits in some quarters. And so while we are outperforming the center store categories handsomely, I think our next challenge is how do we leverage our relationships with retailers to reinvent center store. And that's a conversation we've been having with some of the retailers to say how can we help you rethink the center store so that we can bring growth back to that category. And we need to do that in order to bring interest back to that whole cereal aisle and, therefore, Quaker. By itself, Quaker remains a much-loved brand and it's profitable. And our hope is that with the rejuvenation of center store, our categories grow, too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, Indra, the commentary in terms of category trends in North America exiting the quarter is certainly encouraging, but given how much pricing you saw this quarter and how reliant the business has been on pricing for some time now, in particular in Frito, can you talk about the evolution of price elasticity in your categories and whether you're seeing any shift there given some of the nearer-term consumer softness? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yes. I think to talk about elasticity on a category basis is too general, Vivien. I think we look at elasticity sub-segment by sub-segment. And all the pricing we've put in place in the U.S. is very carefully looking at the elasticity curves. And we look to see what kind of pricing the consumer can adopt, what kind of volume impact it will have and what can we sustain as a portfolio. And I think that what you're seeing right now is pricing that was sensible for the first quarter. And as the year goes on, I mean, look, we put the pricing in place in Q1, or in fact, I'd say Q4 we started putting the pricing in place, and that's ticking through the year. And we modify that as we go along if we believe that we need to change our promotional calendar to accommodate the consumer trends. I don't know, Hugh, if you want to add anything.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, I completely agree with that. And in addition to that, if you look at our pricing in North America, macro top level, it's generally in the 2s, kind of in the low 2% range. And given commodity inflation is low single digits, I think that's sustainable pricing. Now, the Frito pricing appears a little bit larger than that because of the Sabra conversation that we had earlier, because we were hit on volume and, obviously, it doesn't have an impact on us on revenue. But as that normalizes, I think you'll see Frito pricing in the 2s, I think you'll see beverage pricing in the 2s and Quaker pricing in the 2s, and I think that's a reasonable place for us to be for the long term. I think that's very consistent with what those businesses can sustain in a modest inflationary environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hi, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you very much. You identified a number of factors that made the first quarter challenging. One of the things that you didn't mention  I was just wondering if you had any thoughts and observations was did you see any kind of weakness in consumer confidence impacting your results post the election in the Hispanic American community? And overall in terms of the U.S. business, did you see the tone of business trying to correct for Easter improve? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: No. No change in tone of business, and I think consumer confidence continues to remain as positive as we've seen it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, morning, guys, morning, Indra. Indra, question for you, if I may, on soda taxes. Naturally, seem to be increasing focus. The law passed in Philadelphia, which received a lot of attention and has had a pretty profound impact on entry volumes. And now we have the vote upcoming in Santa Fe, and then there's reports they have a rather well-known advocate behind such taxes, putting money into that market behind the effort. So, Indra, hoping to get your updated thoughts there on risk to your business and to the industry; maybe even some historical context for how you view this risk now relative to recent years. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Look, at the end of the day, we oppose beverage taxes that are regressive and unfairly target one category or industry. I think, unfortunately, today's beverage taxes are more revenue generation-focused rather than health-focused. But whatever the reason be, from our perspective, we are working on two things: one, making our portfolio deliver products that are lower in sugar and a lot of zero sugar products and beverages with positive nutrition. So that's one part of our strategy, and we've been working on that for 10 years. The second part of our strategy, making sure we bolster the rest of the portfolio outside of beverages. So when taxes do come in, we can cushion the effect through managing the portfolio in a more intelligent way. And that's been our strategy over the last decade because we anticipated some of these trends early on and we started to re-tool the company for that. So at this point, let me just say that our strategy is crystal clear and we feel comfortable as to where we are headed.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: So let me just close by thanking you all for your questions. To summarize, we will continue to manage everything within our control to deliver attractive results in the short-term as we continue to position the business for long-term success. Thank you all for joining us this morning and, more importantly, thank you for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's PepsiCo's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc. Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc. Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.PepsiCo.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our full-year 2016 performance and our initial full-year 2017 outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. We've kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 8:45. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2017 guidance, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. References to organic revenue results exclude the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes, foreign exchange translation and, for the fourth quarter and full-year of 2016, the impact of the 53rd week. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when we discuss our financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results, please keep in mind that our fourth quarter comprises the 17 weeks ended December 31 for our North American operations and the four months of September through December for most of our operations outside of North America. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. As you saw on this morning's release, we concluded 2016 with another strong quarter of operating performance, capping off a very successful year. The operating environment continued to be challenging in 2016. So in this context, I am pleased to report that we achieved or exceeded each of the financial goals we shared with you at the beginning of the year. To recap, we grew organic revenue 3.7%, in line with our goal of approximately 4%. We met our goal of expanding core operating margins, which were up 80 basis points compared to 2015. Core constant currency EPS grew 9% versus our initial goal of 6%. Keep in mind this includes the impact of deconsolidating Venezuela, which was approximate 2.5 point drag on earnings. Excluding the impact of deconsolidating Venezuela, core constant currency EPS grew 12%. We generated $7.8 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items. We substantially exceeded our goal of $7 billion. Core net ROIC expanded by 190 basis points and now stands at 21.5%, well in excess of our cost of capital. And we met our goal of returning $7 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, bringing our 5-year cumulative shareholder cash returns to $38 billion. And reflecting our continuing commitment to providing attractive cash returns to our owners, I'm also pleased to announce that we are increasing our annualized dividend per share for the 45th consecutive year beginning with our June 2017 payment, to $3.22 per share, which represents a 3% yield based on yesterday's closing share price. We had notably good operating performance across our operating segments for the year. Our two largest divisions, Frito-Lay North America and North America Beverages, each had strong well-balanced performance with volume gains, net price realization and margin expansion, driving high single-digit core constant currency operating profit growth. And despite the macro volatility and weak currencies in many of our key overseas markets that impacted our reported results, our international divisions delivered very solid organic revenue growth, led by high single-digit growth in our developing and emerging markets businesses as a group, with particularly strong performance in Mexico, China and Egypt, which grew organic revenue in the double digits. Our results reflect our commitment to plan and manage our business in a way that's self-sustaining and balances delivery of attractive short-term financial results with long-term shareholder value creation. We achieve this by executing a virtuous circle model that combines top-line growth, productivity and significant reinvestment in the business. Our top-line performance is underpinned by strong market positions in growing categories and an enviable portfolio of leading brands. And it is fueled by a product innovation engine built on consumer and shopper insights, deep research and development capabilities, and the broad market reach afforded by our advantaged go-to-market systems. Our top line growth is also supported by strong collaborative customer relationships. Customers value our relationships with them because we deliver growth. Our brands and products drive basket size and an extremely high velocity off the shelf, and therefore generate significant cash flow for our retail partners. Our customers value our robust innovation, the in-store labor benefits of DSD [Direct Store Delivery], and our sophisticated consumer and shopper insights. The strength of our customer relationships was evident in the most recent Kantar Retail PoweRanking in the United States, where we achieved the top spot as the number one best-in-class manufacturer, and we earned top marks in the individual categories of most important brands, use of digital platforms, insights and category management, growth and profitability, supply chain management, clear company strategy, and sales force and customer teams. Beyond this impressive recognition, our capabilities and diligent execution enabled us once again to be the largest driver of growth for our food and beverage retail partners in the United States, which is our largest market. In fact, while we represent less than 10% of retail food and beverage sales, in 2016 we drove 18% of the total retail sales growth of food and beverage. This compares to a net decline in sales for all other $5 billion-plus manufacturers combined. Our success is also supported by an aggressive and relentless drive for productivity that contributes to current financial performance and provides the funding for investments that will sustain our growth into the future. These substantial investments have largely been directed at capabilities that fuel top line growth. So to strengthen our brands, we've increased our advertising and marketing as a percent of sales by 145 basis points over the past five years and increased it by 40 basis points in just this past year alone. At the same time, we have directed a higher percentage of our A&M budget from non-working A&M to consumer-facing working A&M to increase returns in our A&M spending. And we have strengthened our capabilities in digital marketing, enabling us to execute marketing campaigns that seamlessly weave together social media, traditional media, and point of sale for greater impact. We've increased our investment in R&D by 45% since 2011 and have spent approximately $3.5 billion on R&D and food quality and safety initiatives cumulatively over the past five years. In addition, over the past several years, we have amplified our own financial investments in R&D by expanding and strengthening our relationships with key strategic suppliers and academic and research institutions to leverage their capabilities to our benefit. We've also established a global design center staffed with world-class creative talent. Increasingly, we are incorporating design beginning in the earliest stages of innovation to take into account the entire purchase-to-consumption cycle, and this is resulting in the creation of not just products, but truly memorable experiences for our consumers. Our R&D capability investments have led to the creation of new products in the short term and to the development of new platforms, ingredients, and packaging with longer-term potential for breakthrough benefits, such as sugar, calorie, fat and sodium reductions, and more sustainable packaging alternatives. Under this robust innovation agenda, net revenue from new products, which we define as products introduced within the past three years, has averaged more than $5 billion since 2013. And we are pleased to report that in 2016, PepsiCo accounted for over 17% of innovation sales at retail, as measured by IRI in the United States, more innovation than from the next four innovation contributors combined. And it has also advanced our portfolio transformation. For example, we launched a number of new low and reduced calorie drinks in 2016, such as new recipes of Mirinda and 7UP with 30% less sugar, which is rolling out in over 80 international markets. Meanwhile, we saw great momentum across our nutritious and functional beverages. Naked Juice is on its way to being our next $1 billion brand, while Tropicana launched Tropicana Essentials Probiotics, making it the first brand to bring probiotics to the mainstream juice consumer. Gatorade Frost exceeded $1 billion in measured retail sales, pushing Gatorade over a high watermark of $5 billion in measured retail sales. And our Russia team launched a new J7 apple juice that delivers all the fiber of a single apple in every glass. At the same time, we grew our portfolio of healthier snacks with Quaker Breakfast Flats, a snack we plan to roll out in more than a dozen countries over the next two years. We are building on the success of Baked Lay's by broadening our lineup of baked products. And we're expanding Sabra, a brand that generates roughly $800 million in estimated annual retail sales. We are expanding it beyond hummus into a range of products, from guacamole and salsa to Greek yogurt dips and spreads. Simply put, when it comes to transforming our portfolio, we are making considerable progress. In fact, some people are surprised to learn that our beloved Pepsi-Cola trademark accounted for 12% of net revenue in 2016. What we refer to as everyday nutrition products account for approximately 25% of our portfolio by net revenue. These are products that include positive nutrients like grains, fruits and vegetables, or protein, plus those that are naturally nutritious like water and unsweetened tea. And what we refer to as guilt-free products comprises about 45% of net revenue. This broader definition includes the everyday nutrition products plus diet beverages and other beverages with fewer than 70 calories per 12 ounce and snacks with low levels of sodium and saturated fat. We've also made disciplined investments in our physical infrastructure. Over the past five years we've invested approximately $14 billion in property, plant, and equipment to support the growth of our business, maintain a safe work environment, use less energy and water, and achieve the highest levels of quality and safety in our products. We also recognize that we're living in an era where all of our stakeholders, from shareholders like you to our consumers, associates, and partners, are all increasingly expecting corporations like ours not only to make a profit, but to do so in a way that's responsive to the needs of the local communities where we operate. And that's exactly what we've been doing, making investments to lift up farmers and workers, small businesses, families and children, from Mexico, where Quaker launched a pin oat malnutrition prevention trial with over 1,000 low-income children; to Pakistan, where we tripled the number of girls benefiting from our I am PepsiCo mentoring and social program; and forging strong ties with local communities. Forging strong ties with local communities isn't just the right thing to do. It's also the right thing to do for our business, reinforcing the bonds that will sustain our success over the long-term. And finally, we are investing in our most valuable asset of all, our people by: expanding paid family leave; adopting flexible work arrangements; enhancing our learning and development programs; and many other actions. We are building a workplace that is diverse and inclusive and that will continue to attract the top talent in industry in all levels of the organization. In summary, we've established solid momentum in our business, with strong financial performance generated through a healthy balance of top-line performance and productivity. And we have made, and will continue to make, investments in capability and infrastructure that we believe will strengthen the competitiveness of our business and lengthen the duration of our financial returns. Our results for 2016 reflect the effectiveness of this approach and gives us confidence in our ability to continue to perform well going forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Hugh to cover the 2017 outlook. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Moving on to our outlook for 2017, as we set out in the release, we expect organic revenue growth of at least 3%, as we expect to continue to benefit from successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution, tempered by a cautious macro outlook. And we expect core earnings of $5.09 per share, which assumes core constant currency growth of 8%, offset by an expected 3 percentage point drag from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus rates. Let me touch on the key considerations and assumptions embedded in our outlook. We expect currency to be headwind as a majority of our major currencies, including the Mexican peso, the pound, the Egyptian pound and Turkish lira and others, are expected to devalue relative to the dollar based on the current consensus outlook. Our guidance assumes a 3-point unfavorable impact on both revenue and core earnings per share. We expect raw material inflation to accelerate, both by an increase in our basket of commodities and additional pressure from transaction ForEx. We expect A&M as a percent of sales to be roughly in line with 2016. We expect continued operating margin expansion through a mix of where we are sourcing the expansion will be more heavily skewed to SG&A versus the COGS you have seen in recent years. And we expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Productivity will continue to contribute to our margin expansion, enabled by several important foundational initiatives we've put in place. First, by investments we have made in technology, starting with our implementation of SAP in the early 2000s, followed by implementation of many other complementary software, hardware and advanced manufacturing technology solutions that we are leveraging on a global scale. Second, by our aggressive environmental sustainability programs that reduce our use of resources, particularly energy, packaging and water. Third, the global operating model we put in place beginning in 2012 has reduced management layers, increased management spans, promoted best practice sharing and accelerated decision-making. And the fourth, Smart Spending, our version of zero-based budgeting that is capturing substantial savings across all major discretionary spending categories. For example, by increasing our use of relatively inexpensive teleconferencing by 30%, we also cut travel expense by over 30% and increased the productivity of our associates by reducing the time they spend in airports and on planes. Our productivity agenda, focused on driving both efficiency and effectiveness, has resulted in approximately $1 billion of annual savings since 2012 and is expected to generate approximately $1 billion again in 2017. Over just the last three years, it has contributed to 140 basis points of core operating margin improvement, and led to a 510 basis point increase in our core net ROIC. And our productivity programs have driven greater effectiveness across our value chain by increasing manufacturing throughput, expanding SKU capacity, improving job quality for our front-line associates, creating a safer work environment, reducing our environmental footprint, improving product freshness for our consumers and enhancing our customer service. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow returned to shareholders. So for 2017, we expect: approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations; net capital spending of approximately $3 billion; approximately $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items; cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion; and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following. As it relates to the first quarter, we expect both our organic revenue growth and core EPS growth rates to be below our full-year guidance levels due to four factors. First, at this stage of the quarter, we expect organic sales to decline at our AMENA [Asia-Middle East-North Africa] division, driven by increased levels of volatility throughout the region and Chinese New Year timing. Second, holiday calendar shifts will modestly impact our top-line results in North America. Third, FLNA and NAB face very difficult operating profit growth comparisons, as they lap both input cost deflation from last year. And finally, we expect foreign exchange translation to be a low single-digit headwind on both reported revenue and EPS based on current market consensus rates. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Bryan. Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a question about the 3% organic sales growth guidance for 2017. One, I just want to clarify. Is the 53rd week in the base? And then second, I think, Hugh, you touched on the tough macros as a consideration, so if you can, just expand upon that. Is that a comment about North America, a comment about markets outside the U.S.? Just a little more color there would be helpful.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Sure, happy to, Bryan. Two things, one, in terms of the 53rd week, it is not included in the base. So the 3% is an apples-to-apples comparison between 2017 and 2016. That's a clean comparison. Number two, nothing specific in terms of anything attached to PepsiCo's business performance, I think our 3% revenue guidance reflects just a cautious outlook on the macros globally as well as a reflection of what is even a more volatile world relative to the volatility that we've seen in the past few years. So the combination of that increased volatility relative to the recent past and our general caution as we provide guidance at this time of the year has led us to the 3% growth outlook  at least 3% growth outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. So historically, you've had pretty consistent gross margin expansion over the last few years. This quarter was obviously a bit of a change with the modest year-over-year compression. So, Hugh, can you give us some more detail on what drove that different performance in Q4? And it sounds like in 2017, you're expecting muted expansion in terms of gross margin. So I guess what's changed on the gross margin front? And has anything changed in terms of the way you're managing pricing versus your commodity bucket? Thanks.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, happy to, Dara. Two comments on that, number one, the Q4 gross margins were not a surprise to us in any way, shape, or form. I think as we had mentioned during the course of the year, our expectation was for inflation in commodities to pick up a bit in the fourth quarter, and that's exactly what happened. Now when we take pricing, we take pricing for the entire year. So we got a little bit of extra gross margin expansion during the first three quarters as we took our annual pricing, and we got a small amount of compression, 25 basis points, in the fourth quarter. As we look forward into 2017, in the first half in particular, before we lap the inflation that we saw in 2016, we do expect to see a higher level of low single-digit inflation in commodities. And that combined with our annual pricing outlook will probably result in a bit of pressure on gross margins. As I mentioned in the script that I just shared with you all as well, I would expect to see more of our operating and margin expansion coming from SG&A rather than coming from cost of goods. That's a result of an intentional strategy. As we saw ourselves moving to a slightly different commodity environment, we focused more of our productivity energy on SG&A to accommodate that to enable continued operating margin expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about reinvestments of the 53rd week. I thought it was interesting in the press release that you mentioned not just reinvesting in growth, but also reinvesting in productivity. So if you could talk a little bit about that, it would be great. And then also, in the outlook for the tax rate, is there anything incorporated for the change in accounting treatment for stock option? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hugh, go ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: So, Lauren, let me talk a little bit about productivity reinvestment first. We have lots of productivity initiatives over the course of the company, whether it's things like GES, which we've been doing at Frito for a number of years and we've now expanded it into Latin America, as well as different types of capability building that continue the momentum that we've seen on productivity. With the 53rd week, we thought there was a good opportunity to continue to invest and accelerate that. We did so, particularly in Latin America but as well as in other businesses in Europe and to some degree in AMENA as well. That is going to be a part of the SG&A gross margin story going forward. As relates to your question on tax treatment, the answer is yes, it is included.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, how are you?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Well, thank you.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So I had two questions. One is just to follow up a little bit more on the SG&A piece to it. Particularly in this quarter, it was down quite low, 110 basis points, to our math, I believe. Can you talk a little bit more about what drove that? Was advertising and marketing any piece of that driving downward in the SG&A line for this quarter and then, how we should think about it progressing it forward? It looks like you're going to be focused more on that, but what is that going to be from a SG&A perspective and what the buckets of productivity are for that? And then a second, if I could, is just on your share repurchase guidance. I think it's about $2 billion; it has been about $3 billion. Can you talk a little bit about that decision-making or is that just again cautious on the operating macro environment so a little bit more cautious on the share buybacks? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: I'm going to let Hugh answer this. I'll just tell you one thing, Ali. As I mentioned in my script, investments in A&M, R&D, those we're not backing off of. We've increased investment in A&M. We've increased investment in R&D and we'll keep investing money in areas that drive the top-line growth of the company, but, Hugh, why don't you talk about the SG&A productivity plan and the share repurchase guidance?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Sure, happy to. And, Ali, just to be even more specific on the A&M question, A&M was level for the fourth quarter, so the SG&A increase that you saw, the productivity increase in SG&A for the quarter, was not driven by A&M at all. A&M was level for the quarter as a percent of sales. Regarding the benefits that we expect to see going forward, I think it's reflective of two things. Number one, it's continuing rollout of things like GES, which obviously make our selling system more effective. And as we take those capabilities in different forms to various regions of the world, you're going to continue to see more benefit in that regard. That's big point number one. Big point number two is around Smart Spending. As I think we've mentioned in earlier calls, we really focus Smart Spending on four categories in this year. We still have another 27 or 28 categories of spend. So you'll continue to see Smart Spending having a significant influence on our SG&A going forward. Regarding your question on share repurchase, I think, more than anything else, that is driven by the fact that, I believe as you know, certainly many of our investors know, that we have been returning capital to shareholders in excess of free cash flow over the course of the last several years. By moving that number to $2 billion, that basically brings our cash return in line with our free cash flow generation, which obviously puts us in a very sustainable position going forward. Obviously, as everything else, to the degree there are changes in guidance, we'll update it, but, right now, that is our guidance and that's what we would expect for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Judy.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning. So, Hugh, your comment about the first quarter organic revenue growth that will come in below your full year outlook, I was just trying to get a little bit more color because, I mean, AMENA is not a huge region for you, so for that to be really a big cause, it seems a little bit more exaggerated. And then, also, just in light of softer trends that we've seen in North America for some of the food and beverage categories, I'm just wondering if that also has an impact on your 1Q outlook.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yes, Judy, happy to answer that. You're absolutely right. AMENA is only part of it. If you recall, part of my comments as well reflected holiday timing. Let me point to two things in particular that do have a meaningful impact on the quarter. Number one, New Year's actually this year fell into our 53rd week. In previous years, that's fallen into week one of the new year. So in effect, we lost New Year's out of this year. Now, the reality of it is because it fell into the 53rd week, we also really lost it out of last year as well. It wasn't captured in either year. So that takes away from our Q1 in North America. Number two was the timing on Easter. We lose a week of the Easter build out of Q1. That moves into Q2. Those two big factors are basically the holiday timing point that I was making, and that focus is very specifically on our North American businesses. Other than that, our North American businesses are performing well. There's no issue with the performance of the businesses, but the holiday timing at both ends of the quarter do have a negative impact on it. In addition to that, as we mentioned earlier, and this is part of AMENA's numbers, the timing impact on Chinese New Year, the move forward pulled some of that into the fourth quarter, whereas in the previous year, it had been entirely in the first quarter. So those are the specific holiday timing references, but nothing in the first quarter relating to the businesses themselves in terms of negative implications for performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Powers of UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: A quick clarification and then just a forward-looking question. On the clarification, maybe it's too early and I missed something, but I think you guided to 10% core EPS growth coming into the year, back in September. And you just delivered a really solid Q4 that beat expectations, exceeded your own guidance, et cetera. And yet, you're saying you only delivered 9% core EPS growth on the year. So if you can help me bridge that, that would be great. And then on the go-forward, your 3% organic growth guidance this year, 8% core EPS growth guidance, it represents a wider spread that we've seen in guidance starting out the past few years, even with the lower implied buyback. So that implies really solid margin flow-through. And I'd just like a little bit more color on where that confidence comes from, because the glass half full view is that you feel great about the momentum. I guess the glass half empty view is that today's outlook is a bit more of a stretch that maybe we've seen in the prior few years, so just some comments there would be great. Thanks.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yes, Steve, happy to. Regarding the first one, just to clarify on the numbers, when we talked about 10%, that 10% number was ex-Venezuela. We delivered, ex-Venezuela, 12%. The 9% reference that you heard us talking to earlier was inclusive of the Venezuela overlap. So when you exclude Venezuela, the 10% became 12%. Hopefully, that clarifies it. If not, you can speak to the IR team. But the simple answer is the 10% that we had projected actually became 12% at the end of the year. Regarding your question around the slightly wider gap between revenue growth and EPS growth, I think the revenue growth, as both Indra and I referenced earlier, is reflective of the fact that we are certainly cautious about the macros and the volatility and we want to ensure, as we do, that we give guidance that we have a very high confidence level that we can hit and, ideally, if the world turns out to be a better place, we can beat. Regarding EPS, we have a very clear line of sight in terms of our productivity plans for the year. And it's really the productivity plans, more SG&A focused, that will drive the operating margin improvement that will allow us to stay on the 8% EPS guidance.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: And basically what we're saying is what is under our control, we intend to execute very well. And then, whatever happens in the macro environment, we'll try to manage through it as best we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog of Wells Fargo.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie L. Herzog - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. I have a little bit of a follow-on question regarding the 53rd week windfall. I was curious to hear why the decision was made to shift some of the windfall away from your North America segments to international segments. And then, I was hoping you could give a bit more color on the rising cost environment and how you expect this to change as we move throughout the year. And finally, if you could touch on the flexibility you may have to offset cost inflation with further productivity savings, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Hugh, go ahead. This is all walking through the P&L and balance sheet. Go right ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Sure, happy to. Good morning, Bonnie. Regarding the 53rd week, we prioritize investment funding not based on where we have upsides, but where the best opportunities are for growth. So some of the reinvestment in the business fell into North America, but some of it fell into our international businesses because we continue to see great opportunities for growth there. Obviously, internationally, the dollar continues to be a bit of a challenge. But that said, we still see terrific long-term value creation opportunities across many of our international businesses, and we want to invest in those businesses. So we took the opportunity with the 53rd week to do so. As regards our go-forward on SG&A, I think you'll continue to see us, as I mentioned earlier, really drive productivity out of both the selling system and out of Smart Spending in order to continue to see margin expansion, so nothing further to add on that, other than the fact that we do continue to see opportunities there for further cost reduction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Credit Suisse.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning, Indra, and good morning, Hugh. I would like to come back on this productivity effort you are doing, especially around SG&A first, and then I've got a second quick question. So with Kraft Heinz moving away from DSD, what's your assessment of DSD for your operations, as consumer is moving more to e-commerce? And to AMENA, could you give us a bit more granularity in terms of forecasted U.S. beverage growth going forward, the split between non-carbonated beverages and carbonated beverages? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: On DSD, DSD is the strength of our company. Given the nature of our categories, which are high velocity, relatively low value density, DSD is critical because they're impulse, and how we merchandise the product really drives the growth of the category. So we are totally committed to DSD. And we continue to make investments in DSD to modify it as we go along to account for whatever disruption happens in the retail channels. So PepsiCo remains committed to DSD. Regarding the beverage outlook in North America, we've always tracked liquid refreshment beverage growth as a whole. We've expected for the past decade or more that there will be shifts within the category from carbonated soft drinks to non-carbonated soft drinks, and we've managed the portfolio accordingly. So I think you should focus on LRB [Liquid Refreshment Beverage] as a whole. And our expectation is that the overall LRB category will grow slightly above population growth and around GDP growth. And that's really what our anticipation is for the LRB category growth going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Are you guys there?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yes, good morning.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Oh, good. Sorry. Sorry, I didn't hear you. I just had a couple quick ones. The first is just on the guidance for operating and then free cash flow. It looks like it's down slightly for 2017. And it doesn't make a lot of sense when you have decent organic growth and what the currency impact is. You're going to do the $1 billion in productivity again. So can you just give us some color on that? And then the second question is just some of the share trends we're seeing in the U.S. with Frito. So the category is slowing, but also there's some share softness, and the same thing with Gatorade. So as you look into next year, do think that stuff will firm up, or are we just missing something because so much is in untracked channels now that that data is less relevant than it used to be? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: In the case of share in North America, we track LRB share. We track savory share. We track salty share, macro snack share. We track it every which way. And as we've always said, we want to make sure we balance share growth and profitability very, very judiciously. Our goal is never to hit the pricing lever too much in order to gain share. We want to make sure that we keep the pricing architecture across our portfolio very, very consistent over the quarter and over the year. So I wouldn't worry about small perturbations in share in any one quarter, in any one category. This is something we monitor very, very carefully. And I'd say both Frito-Lay North America and our North America Beverage business as a whole are doing well. Gatorade, in particular, is one of our crown jewels, and the business is performing very, very well. We have a leadership position in the isotonic category. And the business is performing exceedingly well in the category, which involves active thirst, which is really what we track. So, Hugh, let me turn it over to you to answer the first part of the question.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, Bill, regarding free cash flow, you're right. The number is down slightly, driven by two things: number one, the impact of foreign exchange, as you had speculated; and number two, a slightly higher level of CapEx, although lower than our 5% long-term guidance on CapEx. So CapEx will be up a little bit but still inside of the guidance that we've given you in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, thank you, two lines of questions. One, Hugh, just so I'm clear in terms of the free cash flow, are there any other items that you haven't called out yet of size that will impact the conversion in 2017?
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: No, nothing at all.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Great.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: In fact, we continue to make tremendous progress on working capital, and our cash conversion cycle is actually negative at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Good morning, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: In terms of Frito-Lay, very consistently improving profit growth on a multiyear basis, and it seems that the revenue management that you deployed in the second quarter of 2015 was a good catalyst for that. So I what hoping you can give us an update on future opportunities around revenue management for Frito-Lay? Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: I think that's way too detailed a question, Vivien. I'd just say that over time, across the company, not just Frito-Lay, but across all of PepsiCo, we have actually dialed up our revenue management capabilities. We've built revenue management centers of excellence across North America. And we've improved our understanding of household down to a very granular level that allows us to tailor products and packaging for individual households and get the price utilization we need, because we can put the right assortment on the shelves based on the trading area of that particular store and the households that that store targets. I think that's what drives revenue management. And you're going to see that being deployed across North America. And hopefully, that'll result in better revenue realization as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning. Thanks so much. I was interested in a little more detailed description of what happened with your Mountain Dew franchise. I know Mutant had a C-store rollout, pretty small. I don't know how successful that was, but what your plans are for Dew and then specifically Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, and if you could comment on the demonetization in India and whether that had any impact on your beverage or snack business. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Caroline, good morning. Good to hear you. The Mountain Dew franchise is alive and energetic, pardon the pun. If you include regular Mountain Dew, Diet, all the variants in Kickstart, it's a thriving franchising and perhaps one of the best-performing franchises in the CSD universe. And we intend to continue to invest behind Mountain Dew. We intend to continue to invest behind Kickstart and the franchise is doing well. Regarding Diet Pepsi, we had a bit of a hiccup with Diet Pepsi with the rollout of the aspartame-free product, but now with the relaunch of the zero-sugar Pepsi, putting it on the Super Bowl, we're back in business. It's a great tasting product. It is a great tasting product. In fact, I'd say it's the best tasting diet in the market. Try it. And I think our plan is to invest behind the zero-sugar Pepsi rollout and make sure that it is the diet for the Pepsi portfolio.
Caroline Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Great.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: And on demonetization, across the board for pretty much all of industry and CPG in particular, because it hit the individual retailers significantly, demonetization had a significant impact on our India business in Q4. And there's still some lingering effects. I'm not sure we are totally out of the woods. It's a big country, a massive change because it's currency that was about 80% of the circulation out in the country that was taken out of circulation, and the implementation had its share of challenges. So our hope was that by the time Q2 rolls by, we would be through the bulk of the demonetization challenges. And the new currency and the digital currency will be back in circulation and we'll be back to retail activity coming back to normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Morning.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Indra, on Mexico and the UK, I wonder, because of the vote back in June in the UK and the election here in November and its effect on Mexico or at least the perceived effect, could you lift the hood for us a little bit on those two markets, give us some sense what, if anything, is changing in the way of consumption behavior in Mexico since November, in the UK since June? We look at the data. We read, but you guys are there operating. So I'm just wondering if you're seeing a deterioration in Mexico and an improvement perhaps in the UK in the way people are behaving vis--vis your products?
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: We are basic food and beverage. I don't believe political actions impact consumption of our products. And we're not seeing any deterioration in activity versus our products, and the market growth continues.
Hugh F. Johnston - PepsiCo, Inc.: Yeah, Mark, just to expand on that, I was down in Mexico last week and the market looked terrific. Our business looks terrific. I saw no implication there. And in terms of the UK as well, we've seen no meaningful business impact from some of the things happening in the political arena at all.
Indra K. Nooyi - PepsiCo, Inc.: Thank you for your questions. So to summarize, we are pleased with our results for 2016 and that gives us confidence in our performance as we enter 2017. We are committed to continue to manage everything within our control in what we expect will be a volatile and uncertain macro environment in order to deliver attractive results in the short-term, as we continue to position the business for long-term success. Thank you all for joining us this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's PepsiCo fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-09-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Stephen Powers - UBS Kevin Grundy - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off today's call with a review of our third quarter 2016 performance and full-year outlook and then well move on to Q&A. Weve kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 8:45. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2016 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and our in most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. References to organic revenue results exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes, foreign exchange translation and, for the full year 2016, the impact of the 53rd week. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of his PepsiCos website under the Events and Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results, please keep in mind that our third quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended September 3 for our North American operations and the three months of June through August for most of our operations outside of North America. And now its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie. I'm pleased to report our businesses continued to perform well in the third quarter. Specifically, we had more than 3% organic volume growth in global snacks and more than 2% organic volume growth in global beverages. While foreign-exchange translation continued to pressure our reported revenue results, we delivered more than 4% organic revenue growth, which represents an acceleration from the first half. We generated positive net price realization in total. We stepped up investment in our brands, with A&M up 65 basis points as a percentage of net revenue and made incremental marketplace investments. We expanded gross and operating margins. We grew core constant currency operating profit 2% and up 6% excluding the impact of deconsolidating Venezuela. And core constant currency EPS grew 7% and up 11% excluding the Venezuela impact. Our performance was well balanced by market type. Our developing and emerging market businesses grew organic revenue 8% for the quarter, with double-digit organic revenue growth in a number of markets, including China, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt. And our developed markets grew organic revenue 3%, led by Frito-Lay North America and North American Beverages.  Year-to-date, our results are equally strong. Core constant currency operating profit grew 5% and up 8% excluding the impact of deconsolidating Venezuela. And core constant currency EPS grew 7% and up 11% excluding the Venezuela impact. On the strength of our year-to-date results and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we have increased our full-year core EPS target to $4.78 from our previous target of $4.71, driven by the expectations and factors set out in this mornings press release. In addition to our financial results, were also delivering on other key performance metrics. Innovation ran at approximately 9% of net revenue in the quarter. Advertising and marketing is up another 60 basis points as a percent of net revenue year-to-date. And execution metrics are improving across the board, driving growth for us and our retail partners. For example, the third quarter in the US, which is our largest market, we were once again the largest contributor to retail food and beverage sales growth. We generated approximately 37% of all food and beverage retail sales growth, significantly higher than our food and beverage dollar share position of less than 10%. And we generated more retail sales growth than all other $5 billion class food and beverage manufacturers combined. Were on track to deliver $1 billion in productivity savings in 2016 and were on track to deliver $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items. Our results reflect our commitment to Performance with Purpose. PepsiCos vision to deliver top gear financial performance over the long-term by integrating sustainability into our business strategy. When we launch Performance with Purpose in 2006, we opted not to view sustainability simply through the lens of corporate social responsibility. Instead, we charted a course rooted in the firm belief that in order to meet the changing needs of our consumers, exercise responsible stewardship for environment, and create an environment within our company where each employee feels valued and can bring their whole selves to work, we had to transform the way we do business, weaving sustainability into the way we make money. A decade into our journey, that belief is being validated and is preparing our company forward as this quarters financial results demonstrate. On the purpose side of Performance with Purpose, our first commitment was human sustainability, transforming our product portfolio with a particular focus on reducing sodium, saturated fat and added sugars, while dialing up our nutrition investments. And we're pleased with the progress weve made. As compared to 2006, we have reduced the average sodium in our food products by 11% per serving and removed more than 2,300 metric tons of sodium from key global food brands in key countries. We have reduced the average amount of saturated fat per serving by more than 15% in key global brands in a number of our major markets, including the United States, United Kingdom, China and Turkey. And were making strides to reduce added sugars in our beverages through reformulation. Our transformation efforts to date have resulted in a portfolio where we derive approximately 45% of our net revenue from products that we refer to as guilt-free. Those products include diet and other beverages that are below 70 calories per 12 ounces and snacks with low levels of sodium and saturated fat. And a full 27 points of the 45 points is made up of what we refer to as everyday nutrition, which are product with positive nutrients like grains, fruits and vegetables, unsweetened tea and water. And our innovation focus reflects our commitment to portfolio transformation. Just to give you a few examples. Recently, we launched Quaker Super Goodness porridge sachets in the UK, made with whole-grain oats, quinoa, barley and flaxseed. And introduced carrot, pineapple, mango Tropicana Farmstand in the US made with 100% fruit and vegetable juices and no added sugar. Sabra, built on the strength of our highly popular hummus, has established a range of authentic products that include guacamole, salsa, baba ganoush and Greek yogurt dips and spreads. Sabra now generates approximately $800 million in estimated annual retail sales in the United States, well on its way to becoming $1 billion brand. Our Naked super premium fruit and vegetable juices and coconut waters are loved by consumers for their great flavor, all-natural ingredients and no added sugars or preservatives. We have doubled Nakeds net revenue over the last six years and grown estimated annual retail sales to over $1 billion. We recently extended the Naked lineup with the introduction of Naked cold-pressed juices. Propel Water, by the makers of Gatorade, zero calorie sports hydration beverage enriched with electrolytes and minerals, is enjoying renewed success in North America with year-to-date volume up 6%. Weve also successfully expanded what we refer to as our guilt-free product lineup. Pure Leaf Tea is an example, a premium line of ready-to-drink teas, brewed and steeped simply and authentically from leaves picked at their freshest. Since its launch in 2012, Pure Leaf has grown to more than $650 million in estimated annual retail sales. Were now elevating Pure Leaf into a super-premium line under the Tea House collection. Our Baked! lineup is another example of how we're transforming our portfolio. Spurred by the success of the Baked! Lays, we have broadened our baked lineup to include Baked! Doritos, Baked! Tostitos and Baked! Cheetos and have expanded the lineup to nine international markets where there is a lot of opportunity for further growth and market expansion. And we recently launched, STUBBORN SODA, a new generation premium crafted, sparkling beverage that is just 9,200 calories per 12 ounces and is made with Fair Trade certified cane sugar and Stevia, with no high fructose corn syrup. So it's the breath of our evolving product portfolio and our ability to innovate against it that enables us to generate consistent organic revenue growth. Likewise, under Performance with Purpose, our environmental sustainability agendas had positive impacts, both on our business results and, more broadly, on the planetary share. By using fewer resources, water, packaging and energy, we are simultaneously shrinking our environment footprint and reducing our operating costs. Weve improved our water stewardship by adopting new technologies and processes, which have steadily reduced use per unit of production and weve implemented innovative watershed management in water stressed and water scarce areas. As a result, today, were using approximately 25% less water per unit of production than we did when we embarked on Performance with Purpose. In addition, we have supported growers in our value chain in their pursuits of better water use management. And through the PepsiCo Foundation, we have successfully partnered to provide access to safe water for more than 9 million people globally. Were using less packaging and generating less landfill waste. We have successfully reduced packaging, weight and size and increased postconsumer recycled content in our packaging. While reducing packaging weight and size, we removed almost 100 million pounds of packaging materials from the market in 2015 alone. We have worked to increase the recycling rates of beverage containers among consumers and we have significantly reduced the amount of solid waste generated by our operations that are sent to landfills, achieving a rate of over 90% solid waste diversion away from landfills in 2015. And weve reduced greenhouse gas emissions by focusing on energy use and renewable energy and by modernizing our fleet with more fuel-efficient vehicles, routing and capacity utilization. In fact, compared to 2006, weve improved the energy efficiency of our legacy operations by 18%. Taken together, our environmental sustainability initiatives have not only had a significant positive impact on our planet, but theyve also contributed to our productivity savings. Over the past five years, our sustainability initiatives have generated more than $600 million in savings because were simply using fewer resources in our businesses. Combining our environmental sustainability savings with those of our other productivity initiatives, we're generating more than $1 billion in annual productivity savings. These savings are both providing fuel for reinvestment of the business and contributing to consistent margin improvement. And weve continued to invest in and promote initiatives to protect and support the safety, health, professional development and human rights for our global workforce. This includes promoting women's equal advancement and fostering a diverse and engaging culture that attracts the talent base needed to grow our high performing business. We view our sustained top-tier results as a validation of our Performance with Purpose direction where were balancing short-term results with ensuring PepsiCo remains successful for the long-term. In the coming weeks, we will issue our annual sustainability report where we will share with you in much more detail our progress and accomplishments under Performance with Purpose Just as important, we will lay out our sustainability vision and goals for the coming decade and our pledge to make our products more nutritious, our food system more sustainable, and our communities more prosperous. In doing so, we will pave the way for PepsiCos continued growth. So with that, let me turn it over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh? Thank you, Indra. And good morning, everyone. As Indra mentioned, we're very pleased with our year-to-date performance. Were seeing a good mix of revenue and productivity within the P&L, driving the top line and margin results mentioned earlier, and we continue to exercise strong cash flow management and capital allocation discipline. As a result, in the third quarter, we once again shortened our cash conversion cycle; in this case, by almost 10 days compared to Q3 of 2015. And we maintained our net capital spending on a rolling four-quarter basis, well within our target of 5% of net revenue. I'm also pleased to report that we remain on track to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2016, through a combination of $3 billion in share repurchases and $4 billion of dividends. During Q3, with the June payment, we increased our annualized dividends per share by 7%, which marks our 44th consecutive annualized increase. Looking to the balance of year, as we mentioned, we increased our full-year core EPS target to $4.78, which incorporates the following: underlying core constant currency EPS growth of 10%, excluding the impact of Venezuela; an approximate 2 percentage point negative impact from the 2015 Venezuela deconsolidation; and an approximate 3 percentage point negative impact from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus, which is an improvement of approximately one percentage point versus our July update. Our outlook on the other metrics we provide remain unchanged from July and are set out in this morning's release. For the analysts on the call, as you update your Q4 models, you should consider the following factors: the inclusion of the 53rd week in this fiscal year will benefit our full-year revenue results by approximately one percentage point, but is not expected to result in any impact to our core earnings per share as we intend to reinvest the benefits back into our business; our Q4 foreign exchange outlook implies a moderation of the headwind as compared to what we have experienced year-to-date, but this assumption is obviously subject to macro and geopolitical conditions, which remain quite volatile. Given the timing of our commodity hedges, we face a difficult year-over-year gross margin expansion comparison in Q4. While we're lapping a large increase in A&M spending as a percentage of net revenue in the fourth quarter, we expect to continue to invest in A&M. And finally, while our full-year tax rate guidance remains unchanged, we will be lapping an unusually low core effective tax rate from Q4 2015. So to summarize, our core constant currency earnings per share outlook 2016 has improved from our last call and we continue our focus on disciplined capital allocation and cash returns to shareholders. With that, operator, well take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian: Hey, good morning. So 10% full-year core EPS growth guidance for this year is really pretty impressive, given the type of environment were in, and that even assumes you dont beat again in Q4 like you have been recently. It looks like much greater SG&A leverage is driving this year, in particular, when compared to the prior few year. So albeit with one quarter left to go, I guess can you talk about what's driving that greater SG&A leverage, particularly given it looks like A&M will be up again solidly this year. And I'm assuming the answer is productivity, perhaps a bit less onerous FX. But on the productivity side, is the ramp up kind of sustainable versus the past years and how should we think about it going forward? And then, on the other hand on the gross margin side, obviously, very strong expansion in the last few years, it did slow a bit sequentially this quarter, I'm assuming with less favorable commodities. But as we look out to Q4 and 2017, perhaps you can give us some guidance around commodities and how that impacts gross margins.
Indra Nooyi: Dara, were not going to talk about 2017 today, but let me just take a shot at the first question you asked. And then, Hugh, you might want to add whatever you want to. On the SG&A leverage, it all starts first with topline growth. The minute you get good top line growth, you get leverage on all of the other SG&A costs that we have in the P&L. And so, this quarter was a very, very good top line growth at 4.2%. That's pretty significant. And that gives us leverage to start with. Couple that with the fact that many of our productivity programs, which we put in place very deliberately  it wasnt a productivity program where we just cut the cost for the sake of cutting the costs. We actually built the underlying capabilities. So when we take out the costs, they come out for good. So putting in the ERP systems, putting the right tools to ensure visibility across the company, all of that took some money. We invested, so that we could take out the costs permanently. And slowly, step-by-step, all of these costs are coming out in a very deliberate and a disciplined way. And so, a combination of the two gives us the SG&A leverage. The key thing to remember is that over a year or two years, the overall P&L works very well. Quarter-to-quarter, you might have different aspects of the P&L delivering differently. One quarter, it might be gross margin. Another quarter, it might be SG&A leverage. But I think over a long period of time, the P&L seems to be working quite well. Hugh, do you want to add anything to that?
Hugh Johnston: I think you covered most of it, Indra. Two small items that I would add that I think are worth mentioning. Number one, the investments we've made in technology are not just making our selling system more productive by putting not just handhelds in the hands of our route salesmen, but actually putting iPads in the hands of our district managers, enabling them to be more effective and to manage more basically with the same or less resources. And the same is true of management more broadly in the G&A bucket. By virtue of leveraging the technology advancements that are out there, were making our management frankly more productive, and that's enabled us to do more with less. The other item that I would point to is we implemented support spending really late last year and into this year and we are seeing the benefits of that. Whether it's across travel or consultants or facilities, we have gotten smarter with our spending. And as a result, you are seeing flow-through of that productivity into margin improvement.
Indra Nooyi: And I think the part that we all feel good about is that the Smart Spending program, the emphasis was on smart. We wanted to make sure that we never cut into topline driving initiatives. And I think we are succeeding doing that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. Ive got a question, I guess, just related to  if you can talk a little bit and give us some color on how especially developing and emerging markets sort of performed in the quarter and maybe whether or not you've got  youre beginning to see maybe some recovery or some stabilization in some markets. With oil prices up in Russia, it seems like we've heard the consumer a little bit better there. And just given the 5% organic sales growth you had in Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa and AMENA and 10% in Latin America, just can you give a little bit more color in terms of some of the performance there and whether you think maybe things will maybe stabilize or begun to bottom out there would be helpful. Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Were in a troubled global economic environment. But in spite of that, I'd say, a lot of the emerging, developing markets in Q3 showed some signs of improvement. Now, whether they last or not, we don't know. But at this point, theyre looking pretty good. Russia, we did see some improvement. The Pacific Rim, good economies, all from  the entire ASEAN was, if you want to put it that way. India is looking good. Even China is looking much than it did in the early part of the year. I'm just talking overall economic, not just our business. Then if you come over to Europe, Russia, clearly, we are seeing signs of improvement. And this is even before the oil prices started to stabilize and improve. East Europe still looks all right. Western Europe is not getting worse, so that's a good sign. And when you come to Latin America, look, we have good businesses there. And there's no question, Argentina had a troubled year. Brazil is having its share of troubles. But I'd say that, overall, the economy seemed to be holding up. But, more importantly, our businesses seemed to be performing quite well because retailers turn to us to deliver more of the growth because we have high velocity categories and we take labor off the store through our DSD systems. So I think retailers are turning more and more to us to deliver a lot of the growth. Overall, Id say cautiously optimistic about emerging and developing markets.
Operator: Our next questions comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys. So I have a set of questions about the balance between price and mix and volume and then just a question about bottling. First, on the price mix part, would love to get your sense around North America and AMENA specifically. So NAB volumes up which is great, but assuming kind of innovation, there is a lot of premium innovation, it sounded like, and that was good, channel shift, but better weather would have suggested to me at least a little bit of a more positive price mix kind of tailwind as well. But the price mix was only up 1%. So I want to get a sense there. Negative price mix in AMENA continues, arguably getting a little bit worse given the easier compares. So just on those two, would love to get a sense of that. And then separately on bottling  I guess it is sort of related, I guess. But on bottling, would love to get a sense of how you are thinking about the right structure from a bottling perspective, given ABI/SAB got approved. Do you care about blue and red under one roof? Do you even mind? And then if you go to North America specifically, have you seen any kind of competitive disruptions, positive or negative, in the Coca-Cola re-franchise move to the bottling? Sorry for a lot there, but thank you.
Indra Nooyi: I'm just going to answer this last question and toss it to Hugh to talk about price mix and volume. Were not going to comment about the ABI deal closing with SAB Miller and the consequences for overall partnership. But let me talk about the North American situation. Were playing an operating game and were pretty successful in playing a game where we own a large portion of our bottling system, we leverage Power of One. Our retailers seem to be quite happy with the service that were providing and we're driving a lot of growth for them because we are able to service them exceedingly well. That is our strategy and that's how were going to continue going forward. Let me turn it to Hugh to talk about price mix and volume. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy to. Good morning, Ali. Regarding North America, price mix was one, but it was actually a strong one. I think the number was exactly 1.3. And that is, as you said, a combination of price mix. We are continuing to get good pricing in carbonated soft drinks. The couple of factors I would remind you of is we do have deflationary commodities right now. So youre seeing a little bit less of that pricing flow through into retailers as we have deflationary commodities. The other is, we do have a negative water mix going on. So on the one hand, non-carbs were quite positive. But a portion of that was water which is, obviously, from a price mix perspective, negative. So, in total, with the 1.30 of price mix that we got, along with good productivity, you saw a profit of 10% in the quarter. So we think weve got a very healthy mix of pricing and productivity in that market right now. And frankly, we see nothing but rational pricing going on in the marketplace. Regarding AMENA, a couple of factors there. Number one, we did see some bottlers reducing their concentrate inventories. So the volume number that you see relative to the revenue number is in part driven by the fact that volume is driven by bottle and case sales and revenue was driven by concentrate shipments. So the numbers aren't quite as negative as they look in terms of what flows through the balance of the P&L. In addition to that, the pricing was not particularly in India, both in the snacks and in the beverage businesses. And those were both factors in the numbers for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: Hi. Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz: Can you just talk a little bit more about the sources and sustainability of NAB growth? You, obviously, are doing a great job with Gatorade. It looks like the whole category is lifting quite a bit. So I'm just curious how much you think that is really good marketing and good activation versus maybe some favorable weather? And then, perhaps September trend since the quarter ended so early this year?
Indra Nooyi: I think NAB has been doing a great job in terms of innovation, very sensible marketing programs and then execution has improved quarter by quarter. And so, I'm very proud of this NAB team. Clearly, Gatorade has done very well. Marketing programs are good. Execution is very, very good. Its been a good summer. All of those together did drive the growth of all beverages and definitely Gatorade. As far as the rest of the categories go, were playing the long game. We want to play the total beverage portfolio because we want to make sure that we go where the consumer is going. So teas are up, coffee is doing well, hydration is doing well, products like Kickstart which are sort of soft energy products, Id say, are doing well. I think, overall, the category is doing  our business is doing quite well and we are gaining LRB share, which is really our focus. Lastly, food service is doing well. Its an area that we underperformed in many years ago with the bottlers coming back and weve reinvested in food service. And that's growing too. So, overall, Id say, innovation, incredible focus on execution, followed by productivity. All three are delivering good results in NAB.
Hugh Johnston: Indra, the only thing I would add to that  and Bill you mentioned it specifically  we didn't, but I would not overrate the impact of weather in the summer. While its undoubtedly true, it was a very hot summer, last summer was also a very hot summer. So I'm not sure it was a particularly large overlap. You didnt hear us talk about weather in Q2 when it was cool in the spring. You wont hear us talk much about weather right now. Were focused on the things we can control, as Indra mentioned in her opening.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Powers with UBS.
Stephen Powers: Great, thanks. I was hoping you could help us bridge the margins, particularly in your North American businesses, which is where we saw the particular strength. Obviously, you cited revenue management [indiscernible] benefits as key drivers overall. And I am assuming that that applies in Frito-Lay and NAB as well, offset by those A&P investments. But harkening back maybe to Dara's original question, could you size for us also the commodity tailwinds, specifically in North American segments? Obviously, overall, they were inflationary, but there they seem to have helped. I am just curious as to how much?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Steve, good morning. This is Hugh. As we disclosed in the release this morning, North America had slightly deflationary commodities. So from that perspective, it was undoubtedly a tailwind, but not a huge tailwind. The bigger drivers were number one, pricing. As you saw and as I mentioned earlier, we have 1.3 in North America beverages; in snacks, we had about 1.5 to 2 points of pricing. And then the balance of it was really productivity, whether it was continuing to expand our automation programs, continuing to leverage technology and SG&A, continuing to leverage Smart Spending to manage our non-labor costs and operating expense down. The big drivers were just flow-through off of that productivity to deliver the positive margin result, while at the same time investing significantly more money in advertising and marketing to drive all of the product innovation that's enabling the top line. So in some, we really do have this virtuous cycle going in thats typically a sign of success in the CPG space. 
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: So two unrelated questions, if I may. First, back to NAB. I was hoping you could comment on one specific aspect of the competitive environment and that is Monster's launch of Mutant, which will be targeting Mountain Dew. So to the extent you can, expectations there and any specific spending or programs you may have in place behind the Mountain Dew brand. And then, unrelated to that, you guys spoke to productivity and youve done a tremendous job there. So we are a couple of years into the $5 billion program that you announced. Is it still your expectation that the remaining $3 billion will be realized fairly ratably through 2019? I know that a tremendous amount of uncertainty with respect to commodities and FX, etc., but how are you thinking today with respect to the flow-through to earnings relative to advertising and marketing levels? And then as productivity has become a bigger part of the company's culture, how are you thinking about potentially exceeding that target? Thank you. 
Indra Nooyi: Kevin, I think, first of all, we want to deliver on what we promised. So the five-year $5 billion program, thats a big productivity program. And were singular focused on delivering that five-year $5 billion program. And were pretty confident we will. The first two years has been good. And as is typical of us at PepsiCo, as we think about delivering the five-year $5 billion program, were constantly looking for new ways to deliver more productivity. But at this point, its five-year $5 billion and were doing just fine along those lines. In terms of Monster and Mutant, hey, there can only be one Mountain Dew. I think theres only one Mountain Dew. And were focused on growing Mountain Dew. And if I were you, Id go buy a Mountain Dew and enjoy it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [indiscernible] for Robert. You mentioned on the release, incremental investments particularly in Quaker ESSA and AMENA. And I was hoping you could clarify or provide some color around those please. Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. The incremental investments in those markets as well as elsewhere really fall into three categories. Number one is around advertising and marketing to support the innovation that weve launched. Number two is research and development to enable us to accelerate our innovation into 2017 and beyond. And number three is investments that will enable us to continue to drive productivity across the P&L. So without getting into the specifics of each of those individual markets, those are the three big buckets in which were investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lohon Ronde [ph] with Credit Suisse.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Lohon.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. I do have a question regarding innovation. So you mentioned innovation representing about 9% of your net revenue. Could you give us a bit more color about the split between beverages and snacks or US versus international?
Indra Nooyi: I think its all balanced across the board. And Id say in some of the emerging and developing markets, it runs higher than 9% because we take products developed in the developed markets and we send it there. But Id say, on balance, its plus or minus 1% around 9% in terms of emerging, developing and developed markets and then beverages and snacks.
Indra Nooyi: So thank you all for your questions. In closing, let me just say that we are confident we have the right strategies in place and were executing very well. We are pleased with our results for the quarter and year-to-date. Were on track to deliver our target for the year and we look forward to sharing with you our sustainability vision and goals for the coming decades in the weeks ahead. And as always, thank you for the trust youve placed in us with your investment. We remain absolutely committed to increasing its value. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Caroline Levy - CLSA Rob Ottenstein - Evercore
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.PepsiCo.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off todays call with a review of our second quarter 2016 performance and full-year outlook and then well move on to Q&A. Weve kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 8:45. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements including statements regarding 2016 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. References to organic revenue results exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes, foreign exchange translation and, for full-year 2016, the impact of a 53rd week. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos Web site under the Events and Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results, please keep in mind that our second quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended June 11 for our North American operations and the three months of March through May for most of our operations outside of North America. And now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Jamie. I'm pleased to report that our businesses continued to perform well in the second quarter. We had more than 2% organic volume growth in both global snacks and global beverages. While foreign exchange translations continued to pressure our reported revenue results, we delivered more than 3% organic revenue growth led by Frito-Lay North America, AMENA, and Latin America. ESSA delivered operating margin expansion together with increased A&M investment. North American beverages delivered solid net price realization and margin expansion. And Quaker Foods North America had very strong net revenue and operating profit growth. And positive net pricing and continued execution of our productivity agenda, including the implementation of our smart spending program, drove 80 basis points of core operating margin expansion. At the same time, we continued to invest in advertising and marketing, which increased 50 basis points as a percentage of sales in the second quarter.  And our performance was well balanced by market type. Our developing and emerging markets businesses grew organic revenue almost 7% for the quarter, with double-digit organic revenue growth in China, Mexico, [indiscernible], and Egypt. And our developed markets growth was led by the United States where we grew revenue more than 2%. In fact, on a standalone basis, Frito-Lay was the largest contributor to growth at retail and gained value share in both salty and macro snacks. North American beverages maintained its value share leadership and possesses five of the ten top beverage trademarks based on dollar sales  Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade, Lipton, and Starbucks. And Quaker gained almost 1.5 value share points in hot cereal, while accounting for 100% of category retail sales growth. Year-to-date, our results are equally strong. Organic revenue grew 3.4%. Core constant currency operating profit grew 7% and up 9% excluding the impact of de-consolidating Venezuela. And core constant currency EPS grew 8%, but up 10% excluding the Venezuela impact. On the strength of our year-to-date results and our outlook for the balance of the year, we have increased our full-year core EPS target to $4.71 from our previous target of $4.66 driven by the expectations and factors set out in this mornings press release. Specifically, there are five things weve focused on to deliver in what continues to be a challenging macro-environment. First, consumer-centric relentless innovation; second, connecting with digital age consumers in new ways; third, being a true growth partner to our customers; fourth, flawless end-to-end execution; and fifth, a maniacal focus on productivity. Let me touch on each briefly. First, innovation and portfolio transformation are enabling us to provide consumers the delicious and convenient products they want and to satisfy their constantly-evolving demands across a broad spectrum of occasions in each stage. We have ramped up our innovation engine. And as a result, new products comprise approximately 9% of sales or over $5 billion. Weve achieved this by leveraging our global scale, while simultaneously tailoring products to appeal to local tastes, addressing consumers evolving demands for convenient taste and variety from the occasional treat to nutrition by transforming our product portfolio. So, today, what we refer to as guilt-free products generates approximately 45% of our net revenue, and were now recognizing consumers interest in craft, niche, and premium products. So, for example, in beverages, Gatorade continues to innovate in the new areas of sports hydration with the introduction of the G Frost flavor lineup, while Propel by the makers of Gatorade drove more than 40% of the enhanced water category volume growth year-to-date. Following on the success of Mountain Dew Kickstart, weve introduced Mountain Dew Black Label, a deeper, darker dew, made with real sugar and crafted with dark berry flavor and herbal bitters. Mountain Dew Black Label is for those times the DEW Nation wants to live it up with a touch of class. Dew Black Label is initially released exclusively at approximately 600 colleges and universities, giving students the first taste of the unique beverage and demand for the product built as word quickly spread across social media. Along with the nationwide release of Mountain Dew Black Label, the brand is extending its boldly refined campaign. It started with activation during the South by Southwest Music Conference and festival in Austin, which included the Mountain Dew Black Label parlor, a South by Southwest takeover concept, and product seating at local bars and venues. The campaign continued with the release of a new digital spot called Gentlemen of the Jacket. The content showcases different gentlemen skaters including Dew athlete and pro skateboarder, Theotis Beasley, mixologist and gamers, all crossing over to the classer side of Dew with the help of putting on a unique jacket, transforming world therein to become a more refined version of itself, yet still getting at the heart of all things Dew. In the second quarter, we also launched Aquafina Sparkling, a new line of flavored sparkling water that provides a light and naturally sweetened hydration option. Aquafina Sparkling is offered in three delicious fruit flavors, Black Cherry Dragonfruit, Lemon Lime, and Orange Grapefruit. Each sleek single-serve, 12-ounce can contains just 10 calories and the tiniest pinch of fair trade certified sugar for a smooth, crisp finish. Aquafina Sparkling would also be available in multipacks containing two flavors. Were also appealing to consumers desire for discovery and more premium experiences. Naked Juice launched a line of cold-pressed juices branded Naked Pressed. It provides a new take on fresh taste and the line comes in five varieties. Its sourced from cold-pressed whole foods and vegetables and is non-GMO project verified. And Pepsi has introduced 1893 from the Makers of Pepsi-Cola. It capitalizes on the cultural food revolution and is inspired by consumer interest in bold and interesting taste combinations. 1893 is packaged in sleek and premium 12-ounce cans and brings together premium ingredients and more than 100 years of cola making expertise to present a great tasting, unexpectedly bold experience. 1893 is a blend of premium kola nut extract, real sugar, and sparkling water available in two delicious flavors, Original and Ginger Cola. 1893 can be enjoyed as a delicious standalone beverage and is also the perfect complement for cocktails. In the Quaker business, because consumers are increasingly seeking greater convenience, portability and nutrition in their breakfast, we've introduced Quaker breakfast Flats, crispy baked snack bars that contain delicious ingredients that you can see, like oats, real pieces of food, crunchy nut, flakes and sunflower seeds. Each serving contains 18 grams of whole grains, with less than 200 calories and no artificial flavors or added colors. Quaker Breakfast Flats comes in three delicious flavors, including Cranberry Almond, Banana Honey Nut, and Golden Raisin Cinnamon. Turning to Frito-Lay, we continue to expand our portfolio with a particular focus on premium offerings and healthy snacking options. So, for example, weve expanded our Simply line with the introduction of Simply TOSTITOS Black Bean Chips made from real black beans. It's non-GMO project verified. And Simply TOSTITOS Black Bean Chips offer consumers an excellent source of fiber with 5 grams per 1 ounce serving. And this Simply line has also introduced Simply TOSTITOS Organic Chunky Medium Salsa and Simply TOSTITOS Organic Black Bean and Corn Mild Salsa. And both salsa varieties are USDA-certified organic. Sunchips has introduced Veggie Harvest Farmhouse Ranch Flavored Veggie and Wholegrain and Veggie Harvest Tomato, Basil and Cheese Flavored Veggie and Wholegrain. And both are made with real veggies and whole grains. And Smartfood has introduced Smartfood Delight sea-salted caramel flavored popcorn which offers 50% less fat than compared to regular Smartfood white cheddar popcorn. It offers 100% whole grains and 35 calories per cup. So as a result of initiatives like this, year-to-date, our Frito-Lay US premium portfolio growth is outpacing the growth in the balance of the portfolio by a factor of more than four times. And were extending our value share leadership position in premium salty snacks. So thats innovation. The second capability I mentioned is connecting with consumers in the age of social and digital media and the purpose-driven consumer. So this summer, Gatorade is running For the Love of Sports, a national campaign that encourages athletes to think about and hold on to that moment when they were younger and further in love with sport. The multifaceted campaign features a national retail promotion, TV commercials, and a unique cause initiative that encourages consumers to vote for deserving sports-focused organizations to which Gatorade will donate on their behalf. The retail component includes limited-time-only bottles featuring athletes such as Usain Bolt, Serena Williams, Paul George and April Ross with a special callout of the For the Love of Sports cause initiative. Gatorade has partnered with a 19 sports-focused non-profit organizations, five of which was selected by a roster of athletes featured on the limited time offer bottles. For the remaining 14 organizations, consumers will have the opportunity to vote for their favorite online to receive donations that will help athletes pursue their love of sport. Were also driving greater consumption of Quaker Oats in the warmer shoulder season by promoting the concept of overnight oats. We have collaborated with influential foodies to bring consumers quick and easy online tutorials on how to make delicious and nutritious jars of chilled overnight oats perfect for days when you just need a simple, no-cook recipe. And earlier this year, we kick off Quakers very first Bring Your Best Bowl contest, a nationwide search for the next Quaker oatmeal flavor. The Bring Your Best Bowl contest highlights the endless ways to enjoy oatmeal and invited fans across the country to submit their oatmeal creation using two to five ingredients, along with their inspiration, for a chance to win $250,000 and have their combination brought to life as Quakers newest oatmeal flavor. Millions of consumers submitted creations using two to five ingredients, along with their inspiration behind their idea. Three finest flavors are now being developed by Quaker and will be revealed on around National Oatmeal Day, which is October 29. The selected flavors will then be made available in stores across the country for consumers to taste. Then its up to America to vote online before the winning flavor is revealed in February of 2017. The grand prize winner will take home the cash price, along with a chance to have his or her oatmeal combination debut on shelves nationwide. At the same time, Frito-Lay drove greater consumer engagement with the Lays brand, by asking Americans to help decide which Lays flavor stays and which ones go. Lays Flavor Swap campaign asked Americans to unleash the power of their pallets and allowed their voices and their taste buds to be heard. Consumers were invited to visit flavorswap.com to vote for their favorite flavor in each of the four flavor swap matchups. We received millions of customer votes, drove tremendous social media buzz and consumer engagement and strengthened Lays brand awareness in regard. To support trademark Pepsi, this summer, were taking the worlds global language, emojis, were taking it offline in a visually striking and socially shareable campaign, inviting consumers to Say it with Pepsi from a smirk to a kiss to a wink. This initiative connects cola lovers around the world through a common language that is uniquely and definably Pepsi. The PepsiCo design and innovation center created more than 600 PepsiMoji designs, all incorporating the essence of Pepsi, including the brand's iconic globe shape and the colors of blue, red and white. Both globally relevant and locally significant PepsiMojis designs come to life across the full Pepsi portfolio and also beyond packaging in unexpected ways such as a fashion collaboration with designer Jeremy Scott. The limited edition Pepsi with Jeremy Scott Capsule Collection includes six styles of emoji-inspired sunglasses featuring PepsiMoji designs. We have partnerships with famed photographer, Ben Watts, as well as Daniel Arnold, a street photographer with one of today's most enviable Instagram followings. Their work shares the story of #PepsiMoji in the same non-verbal vein as emojis themselves with a quirky, candid and playful tone. We also have localized experiential content from vending machines in India that dispense Pepsi product adorned with the PepsiMoji design that matches users current state of mind to online engagement in Argentina where consumers can create a personalized PepsiMoji design or use PepsiMoji accessories to fashion their selfies. And we also have a free PepsiMoji keyboard app that can be downloaded at the Apple App or Google Play Stores. Global television and original digital creative also showcase how communicating through PepsiMoji icons can lead to unpredictable and memorable adventures and experiences. And consumers around the world have already begun to experience #PepsiMoji in the US, Australia, Canada, India, Mexico, Russia and Thailand. The global campaign is being featured in more than 100 markets around the world in 2016. Were also capitalizing on our partnership with the UEFA Champions League with Global Activation. Every year, the UEFA Champions League brings together the best teams across Europe to compete in the games biggest club competition. Fans of the tournament extends far and wide around the world. Thats why more than 100 markets around the globe, PepsiCo executed programs to realize the benefits of our official sponsorship of the UEFA Champions League. From Argentina to Zambia, we had football fans covered with exciting media-to-shelf campaigns tailored to the local market. For example, in South Africa, Lays and Pepsi launched a national #PerfectMatch campaign, reinforcing Lays and Pepsi as a snack and beverage combination of choice. In Mexico, we ran a Power of One campaign promoting the concept, Pepsi and Sabritas take you to the UEFA Champions League final. And in Chile, we leveraged the UEFA Champions League partnership with unique packaging and promotions across our Gatorade, Pepsi and Lays brand. And we delivered a phenomenal experience of the UEFA Champions League final opening ceremony presented by Pepsi where Alicia Keys gave an incredible performance, ushering a live entertainment era at the soccer final. The third capability is being a valued growth partner with retailers. And weve done this by continuing to drive traffic and basket size through investing and leveraging consumer and shopper insights, constantly finding new ways to become more efficient and coordinated with our retail partner supply chain, and integrating our marketing initiatives with our retailer strategies, including tailored execution of sports, music and other properties. As a consequence, we tend to be among the top drivers of our customers growth. In fact, in the United States, which is our largest market, in the second quarter, we were once again the largest contributor to food and beverage retail growth in the United States, accounting for more growth at retail than all other $5-billion-plus food and beverage manufacturers combined. The next capability is dialing up end-to-end execution from seed to shelf, making sure our products are fresh and ubiquitously available. Were doing this by using advanced data and analytics to capture more precise demand signals to inform our supply chain and retooling our supply chain and go-to-market systems to improve service, eliminate out-of-stock and reduce the cycle time from raw material to product on the shelf. Our initiatives in this area now include expanding our successful GES program from Frito-Lay North America to our beverage businesses. And the fifth and final focus is fueling margin expansion and capability investments with productivity. Year-to-date, core gross margins expanded 100 basis points and core operating margin expanded 115 basis points even as we continue to invest in A&M, which is up 55 basis points as a percentage of sales. In addition to marketing, weve also continued to invest in critical capabilities like R&D, the establishment of our global design center and the creation of our global e-commerce group. To capture productivity, we are increasingly leveraging automation and advanced technology, as well as the development and deployment of global best practices, all to make our supply chain more efficient. Let me just give you a few examples from the hundreds of supply chain productivity projects that are currently in flight. Were implementing automated high-speed packaging lines across the globe, increasing packaging line speeds by up to 50%, while at the same time eliminating the bottleneck to total production lines and significantly reducing labor costs. To improve our water use efficiency, we have developed and are implementing technology and processes that capture sugar and starch from wastewater streams. The waste sugars and starches are then sold as byproduct. The resulting water stream can then be repurposed for secondary manufacturing uses such as sanitation. This not only generates incremental cash flow and saves money, it also reduces our water usage to advance our sustainability agenda. Our global operations group is identifying and then lifting and shifting best practices developed by our manufacturing teams around the world. For example, our manufacturing team in Romania developed a refinement to our potato cutting process that can reduce raw potato waste by up to 2%. Were now implementing this process improvement in other plants around the globe. Were capturing significant savings by using advanced logistics planning processes and tools, which enable us to optimize both the mode and routing of material transport. These tools initially developed and deployed in North America have been expanded to nine more countries and are generating 3% to 4% savings in transportation costs. And in key markets, weve also advanced our third-party transportation procurement process by consolidating all transport-origin destination pairs across our food and beverage businesses to present to the market for competitive bids. And we have the opportunity to expand this process to many more markets. Productivity is also being captured through the implementation of our smart spending program, which is driving meaningful reductions in key discretionary spending areas like travel, facilities and consulting. Were attacking spending on both rate and volume dimensions. So, for example, in travel, weve adopted much more stringent policies governing mode and class of travel, hotel rate and per diem meal limits, all of which have reduced the rate element of the cost. But weve also mandated and encouraged working in ways to reduce the volume element of costs. So, for example, weve reduced meeting-related travel by insisting on the use of teleconferencing in place of physical meetings in many instances. And as a result of all of our productivity efforts, were capturing significant savings that are delivering meaningful margin improvement and also providing the funding necessary to invest in the long-term health of the business. Taken together, our top-line-driving commercial activities and our robust productivity agenda are helping us to deliver our financial targets despite continuing macro challenges. Were aggressively driving innovation, marketing, marketplace execution, productivity to deliver balanced and sustainable performance. We are confident we have the right plans in place and believe we are well-positioned to achieve our 2016 targets, including our increased core constant currency EPS outlook, which we announced this morning. Just as important, we continue to invest in capabilities and to transform our portfolio to succeed in the dynamic customer and consumer landscapes, with a singular goal of generating sustainable shareholder value for the long term. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra. And good morning, everyone. As Indra mentioned, were pleased with the financial results for the first half and we have a positive outlook for our performance for the balance of year. And so, as you saw in this morning's release, we raised our full-year core EPS target to $4.71, which incorporates the following: Underlying core constant currency growth of 9% excluding the impact of de-consolidating Venezuela, a negative 2 percentage point impact of the Venezuela deconsolidation, and a negative 4 percentage point impact from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus. Our outlooks on the other metrics we provide remain unchanged and are set out in this morning's release. Our efforts to improve working capital continue to yield positive results. Over the past year, we've improved our working capital cash conversion cycle by more than 10 days.  For analysts on the call, as you update your models, I ask that you consider the following factors. Foreign exchange translation continues to be a headwind, more heavily skewed to Q3 than Q4. We have more difficult core constant currency operating profit growth comparisons in the second half at Frito-Lay North America. North America Beverages has particularly difficult revenue and operating profit lapse in Q3. We expect low single-digit raw material inflation including the impacts of foreign exchange translation in the second half compared to modest deflation in the first half. We will continue to invest in our business to drive sustainable long-term growth, including an expected increase in advertising and marketing expense as a percentage of sales for the full year. And finally, we will be lapping Venezuela core earnings of approximately $0.06 per share in Q3.  Taken together, we expect the balance-of-year core EPS growth to be generated entirely in the fourth quarter. And with that, operator, well take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: Hi. Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz: Hey, can you guys just talk about the sustainability of the great organic growth at Frito and then also the margins which are pretty close to peak? Maybe Im wrong on this assumption, but I think Frito disproportionately benefited from GES. And I just wondered like kind of what inning we are in baseball terminology on that front and if you still think theres room for margins to go up there.
Indra Nooyi: Let's talk about the organic growth first, Bill, and then, Hugh, maybe you can chip in on the margin expansion. Look, the macro snack category is a big category. And were only playing in the salty snack category expanding into savory snacks. And our goal, if you go back maybe 15 years ago, and we've been consistent in this strategy, weve always said, grow the core, add more inch out of the core. Weve used these words. And thats what Frito-Lay has been doing, solidify our position in salty snacks and start to step out of the core into other savory snacks and then start to take on other occasions from the overall macro snack category. So all the work weve done in demand spaces says that theres huge opportunity as the world starts to swing more and more towards a liking for savory products. So savory is in and we see amazing opportunities ahead for Frito-Lay to grow its business. Secondly, Frito-Lay has been a mainstream competitor. We haven't played as much in the premium part of the portfolio. And now, we've gotten our game together in the premium side and were seeing growth. As I mentioned in the script, the premium part of the portfolio grew four times faster and were just getting started. So we see tremendous opportunities for Frito-Lay to grow in the premium side. And Ill make one final comment, Bill, before Hugh to talk about productivity. The great thing about Frito-Lay is that weve got great brands. Weve got a great innovation capability, but weve got an amazing pipeline to the customer and consumer. Our DSE system is a well-oiled machine and we can keep expanding the diameter of that pipeline and its really our imagination in terms of what products we can innovate with to put through that pipeline. So with that, Hugh [indiscernible] talk about the margins at Frito.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy to. Good morning, Bill. A couple of comments on margins. And the short answer is, I think Frito-Lay still has lots of margin expansion left in it and can do so in a very defendable, sustainable way. Why do I say that? Number one, it's to build on the commentary that Indra just made. While we are the market leaders in premium, we are relatively underpenetrated compared to where we are in mainstream, and premium does offer very, very attractive margins, particularly as you scale it over time. So I think there's a significant margin uplift there. Number two is in the area of GES, the initiative that we've been working on for a number of years where we shorten the supply chain, deliver product to the customer and ultimately to the consumer much more quickly by going essentially direct from plant to store or going from plant to cross-dock to store. The benefit of that is we, obviously, eliminate a lot of excess cost in the system, and as we take that excess cost out, we are reinvesting some back in premium and were delivering some to the bottom line. To use the baseball metaphor that you used earlier, were really only in about the fourth or fifth inning on GES. GES has a number of years to run. And in fact, I think the GES impact on the financials are likely to be more profound in the future than they have in the past. And then, the third element to this is this whole area of smart spending. Frito-Lay has absolutely taken the ball and run with smart spending as they always do, but were really only right now exploiting four out of what could potentially be about 30 categories in smart spending. So I think smart spending also offers us years of runway to deliver additional productivity. So if you put all of that together, premium, plus GES plus smart spending and combine that with the fact that Frito-Lays strong market position gives it the ability to scale things in ways that none of its competitors can, I think we have many years of margin improvement to come and, frankly, significant margin improvement to come in Frito.
Indra Nooyi: I think we should add that the way weve executed smart spending makes sure that we create the breathing room, but reinvest back in capabilities to keep this virtuous circle going. And thats whats important with our productivity programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra Nooyi: Dara, good morning.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi. Good morning. So maybe building on that Frito-Lay margin commentary there, you've seen very strong SG&A leverage if you exclude the increases in A&M spending over the last couple of quarters here, Hugh. As we think about that going forward, is that sustainable going forward? And what's driving that because it is different than what we've generally seen over the past few years? 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to answer that, Dara. To me, number one, it is absolutely sustainable. Were able to continue to drive that. Why are we able to continue to drive it? We have invested significantly in streamlining our supply chains. And remember, with PepsiCo, the supply chain doesn't just have cost in cost of goods. There's also a significant piece of it in the selling systems, which fall into SG&A. That's primarily the DSD system. Weve got lots of room to be more efficient on that. Were really very much in the early innings on that. Number two, we do continue to streamline the organization. And number three, smart spending is having a significant impact on our SG&A spending. So put together, the combination of making DSD more efficient, making the organization more efficient, and leveraging smart pending, youre seeing improvements in the non-A&M portion of SG&A that are likely to continue to deliver for number of years.
Indra Nooyi: I want to add something to what Hugh said. Dara, we spend a lot of effort, time, and money on putting in an ERP system when we invested in SAP and we started that way back in 2000 and we've been doing that for the last 10 or 15 years. And putting in an ERP system takes time, takes money, and now were beginning to see some of the benefits from that ERP implementation. And as we complete a lot of those implementations, were able to take out the costs from those implementations and start to realize the benefits. So its streamlining the supply chain, the organization, smart spending, and now the increased leverage from the SAP investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, how are you?
Indra Nooyi: Good, thank you.
Ali Dibadj: Good. Hey, I have two questions. One is just trying to get a little bit of a better handle on your earnings guidance raise today. I know, last quarter, a lot of people were kind of thinking about it going up. But this quarter you raise it from 8% to 9%. The top line isn't any different. Productivity is roughly the same. Commodity looks the same. Taxes look unchanged versus last guidance. So you are assuming an acceleration of about 2 points for the back half of the year. Just trying to get a better sense of what gives you that confidence that it's going to go up to 10% for H2. Its clearly not macros. You knew the Q4 compare. So trying to get a sense there. Thats question one. Question two, and, Indra, don't take this the wrong way at all. In fact, take it very positively. But there continues to be a real thoughtful set of questions from important investors about your future at Pepsi versus, for example, any future presidential administration. And these are real questions. People are really thinking about it. So can you in any way give us some help in clarifying your future interest between business and politics? Youve done such an incredible job at Pepsi. People are really kind of asking themselves this question. So anyway you can help clarify that debate, whether you know it or not is out there, would be helpful. Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: So, Hugh, go ahead and answer the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy to, Ali. Thank you for the question. We always start the year with a perspective on the macros and on the world that tends to be conservative. When we give guidance, our intention is always to hit it and perhaps beat it. Now that were halfway through the year, I think weve seen two things. One, the macros are operating in a consistent steady way, so there has not been a deterioration, which, obviously, is to our benefit relative to our expectations. And number two, we do see significant innovation launching in the back half of the year that were quite optimistic about. Some of the things youve seen more recently that Indra mentioned, whether it's Mountain Dew Black Label, Aquafina Sparkling, 1893, the Simply line at TOSTITOS down at Frito, or Quaker Breakfast Flats, which are doing terrifically well, and INIT coming out of Quaker as well, when you put together all of that innovation, it will have a disproportionate impact in the back half of the year, which is really our cause for optimism in the balance of year. So that's the driver behind the raise at this point.
Indra Nooyi: Ali, on question number two, in the foreseeable future, next several years, I see myself running PepsiCo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel.
Mark Swartzberg: Hello, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Two questions on Latin America, if I could, Indra or Hugh. One is, in the quarter, advertising and marketing in the region was up. I believe for the half, it's flat or maybe even down a bit just by the omission of the reference to being up for the first half. So question one is, do you intend for it to be up for the full year? And then question two is, if you take these two large markets of Brazil and Mexico, could you give us a bit of an update on your outlook for each of those two regions because, of course, the conditions and your performance there are quite diverged. I'm just looking for how you are looking at your future performance in those two markets.
Indra Nooyi: Yeah. Ill just talk about the second and Hugh can talk about the A&M issue. Brazil, all of us have the read the news on Brazil. Brazil is going through a difficult time politically and socially. So they have to work through their issues. Mexico is actually doing well. The strength of the dollar, the increased remittances into Mexico doing well, the country actually is one of the brighter stars in the whole Latin American economy. So we feel good about our business in Mexico. Our teams are performing very well in Brazil in a very difficult environment. And I think what were focused on right now is stepped-up execution, making sure we have the right value equation and trying to gain share in a difficult environment and that's really what were focused on right now. So a tale of two cities.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to jump in on your question regarding A&M, Mark. Were actually up 80 basis points on A&M year-to-date. So happy to close the loop with you one how youre calculating the number that you came up with. But the number is actually up 80 basis points year-to-date. Were not going to get into A&M guidance for the full year. But given that were up 80 basis points year-to-date, Id certainly expect it to be up for the year. And I think that's a reasonable expectation for you and all the investors to run with as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Morning, Judy.
Judy Hong: So I have two questions. One is, obviously, you guys have been very disciplined on the capital allocation front and particularly on the M&A side. And I know that your business is, obviously, performing pretty well right now. But kind of how you are assessing that as it relates to maybe even kind of volatile macro-environment, change in consumer environment and given some of the robust multiples that some of these assets are getting fetched for, do you have any views on looking at divesting some of your assets in this kind of environment? And then completely unrelated, so you are bringing back Diet Pepsi with aspartame, so just wanted to get your perspective on kind of lessons learned and then as you think about your diet portfolio, the risk of maybe fragmenting the portfolio even further with different kind of offerings and how you manage that. 
Indra Nooyi: Im going to talk about the second one. And I can also talk about the first. But I'd like Hugh to talk about this because Hugh is my right hand and left hand when it comes to disciplined capital allocation, and so Id Hugh to talk about that. Let me talk about Diet Pepsi, Judy. You know whats interesting? If you go and poll consumers today and read all the social media reports, theres still trepidation about aspartame. Theres no scientific reason for that, but people are somehow worried about aspartame. And when we launched Diet Pepsi aspartame-free, its because there was a huge consumer need for that product. What we did not anticipate is that there is a group of consumers that absolutely loved the original Diet Pepsi. And in the cola category, in particular, because it's been optimized over years, people get incredibly fastidious about their products and don't want to have any changes. So rather than remove the aspartame-free, which is still loved by a lot of people  in fact, I tell you, when we announced that were bringing back the old Diet Pepsi, the few people who thought aspartame-free was going away wrote me some pretty tough emails. And so, there is a very loyal group that is thrilled that we have an aspartame-free following. So we brought back the original Diet Pepsi in addition to keeping the aspartame-free product, so we could serve all consumers with the products that they love. I think that's going to be net positive for us. Now, let me just say, the marketplace is fragmenting. Forget Pepsi or Diet Pepsi or the cola category, any new category thats expanding is becoming niche, more fragmented. And thats why it was important for us to own the distribution system because once you have control over the distribution system, you can pump a lot of niche products through it, all our craft products, all of those are low-volume products. So we have to learn how to handle complexity, not walk away from it. So, Hugh, talk about capital allocation and the portfolio.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, sure. Happy to, Judy. Let me just start with a bit of historical perspective on this because, obviously, there's lots of activity in terms of people trying to reshape their portfolios right now. Again, as a reminder, we have about a little over a quarter of our portfolio in nutrition. And then if you add in the better-for-you products, it's really  it gets upwards to almost half of our portfolio in terms of the balance that we have right now. Were also, from a developing and emerging markets perspective, about a third exposed to developing and emerging markets. All of that as a result of transactions that we've executed really over the last decade or even more, whether it's Quaker, Gatorade, Tropicana, Naked Juice, Wimm-Bill-Dann, Izze, we've executed a variety of transactions over the last ten-plus years in order to get the portfolio into a place where it could consistently deliver performance. And frankly, that's what you've seen, is this portfolio now, regardless of economic cycle, regardless of consumer sentiment, regardless of consumer trends in chips, seems to be capable and has been capable delivering good, strong performance throughout all of those shifts. As we look at things going forward, what weve said is, we intend to expend something on the order of $500 million a year in tuck-in acquisitions. As those good opportunities emerge, we look at them and we look at them through two lenses. One is a strategic lens around, does it make sense relative to where we think the consumer is going, and second is, obviously, a financial lens, is this good for our shareholders. And you can count on us to continue to do that because we think that's the right way to think about M&A on a go-forward basis. I will also tell you that we look at everything. Weve looked at everything that has transacted and probably every company that hasn't transacted. And if something transacts and were not a part of it, you can very reasonably assume it's because we didn't want to be. So the result of that is, we feel like were operating from a position of strength. We feel like were in a position right now where well continue to look at things, well do things if they make sense, but the guidance that weve given right now is the guidance that makes sense and that's the way were thinking about it going forward. Some investors talk about the notion of, sell when everyone's buying and buy when everyones selling, we tend to be good stewards of capital and we follow that maxim fairly closely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Indra Nooyi: Caroline, good morning.
Caroline Levy: Good morning, Indra and Hugh. Thank you. Actually just to follow up on what you said, Hugh, for clarification, I guess Judy's question had been around a willingness to sell anything and I think you said that when prices are high you are a potential seller. Is that right?
Indra Nooyi: Only if it makes sense to the portfolio, Judy  or Caroline, Im sorry. Only if it makes sense to the portfolio.
Caroline Levy: Okay. So then my question was around Diet Pepsi and the Pepsi franchise overall because, Indra, you gave this stunning number that you drive more growth for retailers than the next five companies, large companies combined. In the case of Pepsi and Diet Pepsi, that has not been the case from what I can see. And so, how do you maintain your shelf space, how do you think about strategically moving those in a different direction? Is it through fragmentation or is there something else you need to do because that seems to be one area where you are really losing share?
Indra Nooyi: Okay. I think, Caroline, and we talked about it in the Q1 earnings call, it is critically important that all of you change your frame of reference in the beverage market from cola to CSDs to LRBs. 30 years ago, it was colas. 25 years ago, it was CSDs. 15 years ago, it was CSDs. It's been LRB for the last decade or so. And I think the sooner we can shift our frame of reference, the better it is because just beating a category that is in secular decline, just beating that all the time is not a game to play, that's not a game that is going to guarantee good results. If we play this rich LRB game, multi-category, placing the bets where the growth is and where the consumer is going, I think were better off. So my request to you and all of you who are tracking the company in this category, expand your aperture. LRB is the game to play. Thats the game were playing and we watch LRB share very, very carefully. Thats the right strategy for any company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Indra Nooyi: Morning, Rob.
Rob Ottenstein: Good morning. And thank you very much. Could you give us a little bit more sense on the North American beverage business? It looks like you've got about 2% price mix. Can you give us a little sense about how much of that is headline pricing, how much is channel mix, category mix just so we have a better idea of what's going on there?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. A couple of things on that, Rob. This is Hugh. Number one, there was more pricing in CSDs than there was in non-carbs. Not a surprise on that. Number two, about half-and-half split between rate and mix. So very comfortable from that perspective. Obviously, our single strategy has been working particularly well and it's giving us what we think is sustainable mix lift [ph] benefit, with lots of runway left to go on it. So, really, the pricing environment right now, is very good. It's very healthy. We feel terrific about where pricing is in North America.
Indra Nooyi: So thank you all for your questions. And in closing, I just want to say to you that were pleased with our results for the first half of the year. We believe we have the plans in place to deliver our targets for 2016. We appreciate the trust youve placed in us with your investment. Were absolutely committed to increasing the value of your investment. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays PepsiCos second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William Marshall - Barclays Capital, Inc. Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC William G. Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our first quarter 2016 performance and full year outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. We've kept comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 8:45. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements including statements regarding 2016 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core constant-currency basis. All references to free cash flow exclude certain items. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events and Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results keep in mind that our first quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended March 19, our North American operations and it is a short quarter for international businesses, reflecting the two months of January and February for most of our operations outside of North America. Also, please take note that we've reclassified certain functional support costs from SG&A to cost of sales, prior period amounts have also been reclassified and the details are footnoted on Pages A1 of the Q1 earnings release. These changes do not impact PepsiCo's overall revenue, operating profit, net income or earnings per share. Now it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jamie. I'm pleased to report that 2016 is off to a good start with very strong operating results in the first quarter. Global Snacks organic volume increased by 1.5%; and Global Beverage organic volume increased 3%, the highest rate of quarterly beverage volume growth in three years. We delivered 3.5% organic revenue growth, led by high-single digit growth in Latin America and AMENA and 4% growth at Frito-Lay North America. Our five largest segments, Frito-Lay North America, North American Beverages, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA, each had both positive organic volume growth and positive net pricing. Core gross margins expanded by 130 basis points and core operating margins expanded by 165 basis points, driven by the positive net pricing and continued execution of our productivity agenda, including the implementation of our Smart Spending program. Core constant currency operating profit grew 12% and core constant currency EPS grew 11%. It is noteworthy that we delivered these results in a volatile and uncertain macroeconomic environment. Most of the developed world outside the United States is grappling with slow growth. GDP growth in developing and emerging markets is also challenged with many D&E markets experiencing significant political unrest and high unemployment. Key energy-producing countries are dealing with significant budgetary gaps; and high levels of local inflation in many of these markets are eroding disposable income and dampening consumer spending. It's a difficult environment indeed. Despite these macro challenges, we performed well. Our developing and emerging markets businesses grew organic revenue 7%, with double-digit growth in China, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Turkey. In the developed markets, we grew organic revenue by 2%, led by performance in the United States where we grew revenue 2.5%. In fact, in the first quarter, PepsiCo was once again the largest contributor to food and beverage retail growth in the United States, accounting for more growth than the next 17 largest manufacturers combined. We've performed well because our approach to operating in this environment is and has been to execute well against what we can control and to retool our business models and operating system to cope with what we believe could be sustained volatility and uncertainty; and this is really what we're doing. First, we've accelerated our innovation agenda, utilizing our proprietary Demand spaces framework. This has led to our new products being more incremental and has contributed significantly to our overall organic revenue growth. We've increased the efficiency and effectiveness of new product launches by leveraging our global scale. We're more quickly and effectively lifting and adapting successful product launches from one market to another, driving more rapid expansion of our largest brands, as well as our future billion-dollar brands. For example, in the first quarter outside of North America, Lipton Ready to Drink tea grew 10%, Mountain Dew grew volume 9%, Gatorade grew 9%, Naked Juice grew 60%, Sunbites grew 42% and Cheetos grew 9%. We've continued to generate strong net price realization even in a sluggish consumer environment through enhanced revenue management capabilities and data analytics. We've introduced new price pack combinations tailored to much more targeted shopper and consumer occasions. For example, in North America over the past five years, we've shifted approximately 6% of our carbonated soft drink volume mix from traditional two-liter and 12-ounce multi-pack packages to higher margin, more profitable single-serve and alternative multi-serve packages. These efforts have been driving higher net price realization for us and our retail partners. We've also been future-proofing our product portfolio, reshaping it to capitalize on consumers' increasing interest in health and wellness. Just to give you an idea, we track two sets of numbers. First, what we view as everyday nutrition, which includes products that provide positive nutrients, like grains, fruit and vegetables, and protein, plus those products that are naturally nutritious, like water and unsweetened tea. Now these products account for almost 25% of our portfolio by revenue. Second, what we view as guilt-free products, these include the everyday nutrition products plus diet beverages and other beverages that are below 70 calories per 12 ounces, and snacks with low levels of sodium and saturated fat. Guilt-free products account for approximately 45% of our portfolio by revenue. The growth of our everyday nutrition products, which accounts for a quarter of our global net revenue, is outpacing the growth of the balance of the portfolio. And we've had a significant amount of activity underway to transform our portfolio. Just to give you a few examples, we've broadened our beverage portfolio to lessen our reliance on colas, and today we have the leading non-carbonated beverage portfolio in the United States. In fact, globally, just 12% of our revenues come from trademark Pepsi and less than 25% comes from carbonated soft drinks on a global basis. We've invested in R&D to create advantaged sweetener solutions and lower-calorie products, and we're aggressively moving our portfolio to package and product combinations with fewer calories. Mountain Dew Kickstart, with just 40 calories per eight ounces, is a great example of our execution in this area. Now in its third year, Kickstart generated more than $300 million in estimated retail sales in 2015 and posted 34% volume growth in the first quarter of 2016. We've also been shifting more of our beverage A&M to lower-calorie products in order to accelerate growth in strategically advantaged subcategories. And we are increasing the nutritional profile of our snacks and foods through the introduction of products like: Smartfood Delight, which grew volume over 75% in the first quarter; reduced fat Doritos, the top-selling Frito-Lay snack brand in schools, which grew volume 30% in the first quarter; and gluten-free Quaker Oats, just to name a few. Net-net, we feel pretty good about our portfolio transformation efforts. Next, we are building and investing in new capabilities to win in high-growth channels. To capitalize on increased out-of-home food and beverage consumption, we have consolidated our food service resources into one team, enabling us to creatively leverage the breadth of our product portfolio with our customers and consumers. In the United States, foodservice now represents approximately 14% of our total revenue, and the first quarter outpaced the growth of the balance of other channels combined. This year, we will be increasing the out-of-home availability of our everyday nutrition products, both snacks and beverages, through the targeted placement of approximately 20,000 Hello Goodness vending machines across North America. Our advertising and marketing has also become more impactful. First, we have stepped up our level of investment from 5.2% of sales in 2011 to 6.3% of sales in 2015. In the first quarter of 2016, our A&M expense increased by a further 65 basis points as a percentage of sales versus the prior-year quarter. At the same time, we've increased the effectiveness of our A&M investment by shifting more dollars into consumer-facing working A&M and by more effectively integrating social and digital media in our marketing campaigns. We've also accelerated our productivity programs, contributing to consistent core margin expansion and providing investment funding for growth initiatives. Since 2012, we have generated $1 billion of annual productivity savings, and we are on pace to do so again this year. In addition, we have fully implemented our zero-based Smart Spending program across the enterprise. We're already seeing significant expense reductions in the areas targeted. And our organization is fully mobilized to identify opportunities to drive even greater levels of productivity. And then we have stepped up our market-based execution by working in creative new ways with our retail partners, like: unique joint execution of sports and entertainment properties; development of new and innovative merchandising and fountain equipment; execution of coordinated consumer promotions; and leveraging the combined power of the PepsiCo product portfolio. For example, with 7-Eleven, Doritos and Super Bowl all turning 50 this year, in the first quarter we teamed up to offer consumers NFL experiences and prizes, including a trip to Super Bowl 50. When consumers purchase a golden combo of any size Doritos, Pepsi, Slurpee or grill item, they could scan their 7-Eleven app to receive a code to unlock prices from teamupforgold.com. And at Albertsons, we executed a joint promotion across PepsiCo's entire product portfolio in the All for Super Bowl sweepstake. It was a massive blitz of in-store displays in secular advertising and online promotions. When consumers purchase two or more participating products in one transaction, they qualify to enter to win $50,000; one of 50 NFLShop.com gift cards every week during the promotion period. These examples are by no means exception to the rule. They're just a couple of demonstrations of how we're working creatively and collaboratively to deliver value to the consumer and be an indispensable growth partner for our retailers. The actions we've taken and the investments we've made to strengthen our capabilities, our innovation, revenue management, portfolio transformation, customer service initiatives in particular, is what helped us deliver impressive operating results in the first quarter. We continue to achieve healthy net revenue realization and new products continue to be an important contributor to our sales growth. Next, in the context of an interesting macro backdrop, we feel good about the state of our business and we're off to a good start in 2016. We believe we have the right plans in place. We have great people. We're executing well, we're investing in capabilities that will propel our future growth. We will continue to leverage our considerable advantages, our scale, geographic presence, product portfolio and Power of One synergies to succeed in this environment. And we're well-positioned to achieve our 2016 financial targets. Many of our investors have commented me that they value PepsiCo because of our sustained reliable performance. As the stewards of this remarkable 50 plus year-old enterprise, we're managing and investing in the business to extend the duration of performance while achieving returns above our cost of capital; and we're committed to ensuring that our best years are ahead of us. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: Thank you, Indra, and good morning everyone. As Indra mentioned, we're pleased with the financial results for the first quarter; and having a good start to the year with one quarter behind us gives us added confidence in achieving the financial targets we shared with you in February. And so, as you saw in this morning's release, we reaffirm those targets. Specifically, we expect approximately 4% organic revenue growth, excluding the impact of the 53rd week. And we expect 8% core constant currency EPS growth, excluding the impact of deconsolidating our Venezuela operations; and 6% when including the Venezuela impact. Notwithstanding our strong Q1 results, the macro outlook remains highly volatile and uncertain; and for this reason, we are maintaining a cautious stance on the external factors that influence our business. So balancing a positive view of our execution against a more negative view of the macros, we arrive at the conclusion to keep our revenue and earnings guidance unchanged. We expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact both revenue and EPS by approximately 4 percentage points, which is also unchanged from the full-year estimate we provided to you last quarter. As a reminder, we base our foreign exchange translation forecast on consensus rates. I know a number of you use spot rates, which currently leads you to a less significant impact. Clearly, as the year progresses, this gap will resolve itself, but we're holding to our outlook at a negative impact of 4% for the year for both revenue and EPS. As a result, we continue to expect 2016 core EPS of $4.66. Our outlooks on the other metrics we provide remain unchanged and are set out in this morning's release. For the analysts on the call, as you update your models, I'd ask that you consider the following factors. We have a more difficult core constant currency operating profit growth comparisons in the upcoming quarters at both Frito-Lay North America and North America Beverages. We anticipate a slower rate of gross margin expansion versus Q1 as we expect raw material inflation, which includes the impact of transaction related foreign exchange for the balance of the year compared to modest deflation in Q1. We will continue to invest in our business to drive sustainable long-term growth, including a planned increase in advertising and marketing expense as a percentage of sales for the full year. While we expect lower corporate expenses for the full year, primarily driven by lower pension cost, there will be quarterly volatility in this line item due to timing; and you should not expect to see the rate of decline that we had in Q1 for the full year. The reinvestment of the 53rd week benefit will occur over the balance of the year. And, finally, we will be lapping Venezuela earnings of approximately $0.03 per share in Q2 and $0.06 per share in Q3. Taken together, we expect balance of year EPS growth to be disproportionately weighted toward the fourth quarter. With that, operator we'll take the first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. So obviously a tough macro environment, as you mentioned, Indra, and org sales in the quarter were slightly below your full-year guidance. So I was just hoping for an update on your level of visibility you can hit 4% organic sales growth for the year, particularly as pricing moderates internationally with less FX pressure and you lap over some of the pricing changes in potato chips and A-beverages theoretically moderates a bit. And then also, if you could, just comment specifically on the North American carbonated soft drink pricing environment, the 1% NAB result is below what we saw last year. So has anything changed from a competitive standpoint? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. In terms of visibility for balance of the year, again, Dara, we can talk about what we control. Our innovation pipeline is looking good. Remember, the first quarter is not really the season for international, because it's only two months; and so we're really entering the season now. And based on the innovation pipeline, based on the execution capability of our businesses, and knowing what we've sold into customers around the world both on retail and foodservice, at this point we feel optimistic about our revenue guidance for the year. Again, this is based on everything that we can control and based on our assessment of the tough macroeconomic environment as we see it today. So I'd say, as the year progresses, we'll know more, but we feel reasonably optimistic about our 4% earnings guidance for the year.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: Revenue.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Revenue  sorry, revenue. Pardon me. Let me now turn to North American pricing. Again, when we look at 1% pricing here, it's really rounded down. It was closer to 1.5%. And again, we're just now entering the season. So based on what we've seen in the marketplace, we actually see quite a lot of discipline in pricing. And our hope is that given the dynamics of the CSD category in particular that there will be continued discipline based mostly on revenue management and careful mix management. And that's what really what we're focused on. And our goal is to make sure that we don't do anything crazy on pricing, because pricing actions don't really drive volume growth. So we're just making sure that we focus on mix management and revenue management to keep getting the positive price utilization going through the year.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: Dara, to be also specific on CSD pricing, IRI showed 2.5% CSD pricing for the quarter. LRB was about 1.8%, which is consistent with what we've been seeing. So I think we continue to view the pricing environment as quite rational.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher of JPMorgan.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Indra. It was interesting. I realize that corporate expense was a little more favorable, which you mentioned in the call, but you guys  we saw a little bit less of an investment in SG&A this quarter versus what we've been seeing, let's say, over the past year and a half and really since the rebates back in 2012. So can you talk a little bit about where you think your investment levels are versus where you need to be and the balance between reinvestment and margin expansion as we look out over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: Hey, John. This is Hugh. I'm not sure exactly how you're measuring less investment in SG&A, so it's probably worth a conversation offline on that. What I can say is, number one, A&M was up 65 basis points year over year, so we continue to see a strong push into A&M. Number two, we do continue to invest in capabilities that enable globalization of best practices. And that's having a profoundly positive effect on both the innovation as well as the productivity of the company. What I suspect you may be seeing is the impacts of Smart Spending, which is off to a very successful start as of late last year and into this year. Certain of the big buckets that we're focused on in Smart Spending, whether it be travel or facilities, are actually down by meaningful percentages. So I think what you may be seeing is the net of that reflects less margin invested in SG&A than you've perhaps seen in previous quarters. But I don't want you to think that we're not investing in the brands and we're not investing in capabilities that drive performance. We absolutely are.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're committed to increasing A&M. We're investing in R&D, investing in e-commerce, the capabilities on supply chain so that we can start thinking about the future, data analytics. We've got increased investment in every bucket right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, so just a question about I guess the mix in organic sales growth between volume and price/mix, and really just in North America and more a question going forward. Right now, we're seeing more of a contribution through revenue management I guess of price/mix, and you've supported that with product, with advertising. Just how sustainable do you think that is going forward over the next couple years? And I guess my question is just at some point will we need to begin to see maybe more volume growth in order to sustain that kind of organic sales growth, or are we comfortable that we can continue to have mix be a big component of the organic growth? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Brian, I don't think there's a clear answer to that because it's like an accordion, we go back and forth. A couple of years you get volume growth and then a couple of years you get more revenue growth because you have more opportunity to do mix management. When we premiumize the portfolio, for example, we get more revenue than we do volume because you get very good price realization on premium products. And right now with the launch of lots of premium beverages and launch of premium products coming out of Frito-Lay, we're getting good price realization on that score. And clearly when you do revenue management, even shifting to smaller packages, mini-cans, you don't get much volume lift but you get revenue lift. And I think as I look into the future, I think you're going to see some volume growth. You're going to see effective mix management, both from a revenue management perspective and the product portfolio itself, giving us robust revenue growth. A couple of years from now let's come back and revisit it, but right now that's the strategy going forward. And then we are very judicious in where we add capacity to make sure that we look at the realities of the volume growth in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Marshall of Barclays.
William Marshall - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, thank you very much.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Will.
William Marshall - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I was just curious. You alluded to the tough macro backdrop on a couple of occasions here. Two markets in particular that jump out, Brazil and Russia, and you've got fairly sizable businesses in both of those markets. I was just curious if you could give us a sense of what you're seeing on the ground, and how your business has been operating maybe compared to the broader challenges that we've seen from a macro perspective. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Brazil is a tough, tough, tough market. It's fundamentally a good market. The population  the demographics are pretty good. And when the country performs well, things are good. But recently in the last I'd say 12 to 18 months, there have been a lot of self-induced problems in Brazil. And then the slowdown in China clearly has had an impact on Brazil because Brazil was the commodities supplier to the robust growth in China. And so it's going to take some time for Brazil to get through its issues, its own political problems, and then of course, the global commodity price slump right now. So we are cautious in our approach to Brazil, focused more on value products. And where we can get some premium pricing in, we try to get it in. But Brazil has been  I'd say globally, Brazil is one of the toughest economic situations today. In the case of Russia, our core business is doing quite well because it's one of those markets where we have a spectacular portfolio, very balanced between all day parts, between good-for-you products, fun-for-you, better-for-you. It's a wonderful balance of products we have in Russia. And the Russian consumer is a good consumer, and we have a scaled business covering all of Russia. I think two issues are impacting Russia. One is the ruble and where it stands because when you have dollar-denominated costs coming into Russia, clearly it squeezes the middle of the P&L. and you can't price enough to cover all of it because the Russian consumer, which brings me to the second point, Russian consumer wages are not going up as much as the cost of living bucket suggests it should go up. So there's a bit of a squeeze going on. But all things considered, our team in Russia is mostly Russian, doing a very, very good job navigating through these issues in Russia. And I must say, but for these global macro conditions, especially the strength of the dollar squeezing the cost structure, we have a good business in Russia; and the team is doing a good job running it right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Caroline.
Caroline S. Levy - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning, Indra and Hugh. A question on the charge you took in China. If you could, just elaborate what's going on with Tingyi-Asahi Beverages and what you think for the outlook. So what drove the charge? What's the environment like in China, and what do you think the outlook is for your business there?
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So let me start off by saying, Caroline, that Tingyi is still the leader in the beverage market in China; still has the most phenomenal infrastructure; widely covers China with all manufacturing technologies, cold fill, hot fill, aseptic, water lines, you name it. They are an amazing scale player and they remain a valuable partner to PepsiCo. I think Tingyi has been impacted by a couple or three issues. They're a public company. You've seen all their disclosures and announcements. I'm not going to share with you anything that you don't know. But basically the slowdown in the Chinese market for beverages overall driven by the macros; and some of the operational issues that Tingyi has had to cope with because of the changes they were making to make their system more efficient has taken a short-term hit in performance. And I think the read-through has been that we too took a bit of a marginal hit in beverages in our performance as we've talked about openly in our earnings calls. But having said that, within China we have a very good business in foods and nutrition and our beverage business sequentially is beginning to do better. So we remain cautiously optimistic. As far as our partnership with Tingyi is concerned, look, our ownership was based on a price that we recorded when we first did the transaction. Since that time the overall Chinese market has come down a lot. And secondly because of Tingyi's own performance, their stock has come down quite a bit. And so we felt it was prudent to mark down the value of our investments. Having said that, we remain very committed to the Tingyi partnership. And once they get through their issues, which they have to get through, we can help them, but they're a public company, we'll be back to a partnership that continues to sing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bill.
William G. Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Is it safe to assume that the pricing in emerging markets is going to lap in the back half of the year? And just curious for you and the industry kind of what happens when those laps take place? And then maybe if you could just sort of disaggregate the mix benefit versus the price benefit?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: Bill, this is Hugh. I think it's safe to assume that we'll continue to get good solid pricing in those markets. I understand what you're pointing out is as dollar-based commodities become less inflationary in local terms, will we continue to get the same level of commodity-driven pricing. It remains to be seen. Part of our pricing is obviously driven by commodities, part of it is driven by what else is happening in the local economy. To the degree that pricing is less, I do expect that we'll see some volume bounce back. Because in those markets when you have emerging consumers that are entering the categories, obviously as we take less price we tend to increase adoption more rapidly. So I think we probably will see a bit more volume and a bit less price in developing and emerging markets in the back half of the year, but that remains to be seen. The outlook, as we've talked about earlier, is not just overly positive; it's also quite uncertain. Regarding mix versus rate, I assume that's a North America beverage question because that's a tough one to answer globally. About two-thirds of the pricing benefit that we saw in the first quarter was rate, and about a third was mix. So we continue to see good balance. In fact, if anything, we've probably got a little bit more rate than we have been getting in the previous quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Judy.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning. So I guess on margin, if I look at the Q1 performance and then the outlook for the balance of the year, it seems like Q1 certainly benefited from very strong margin performance and then maybe the balance of the year you're really looking for very little margin expansion. So, Hugh, I know you went through some of the drivers, but if you could elaborate a little bit more just in terms of the Q1 bead. And particularly I think Frito had very strong margins and then how sort of that phasing works out for the balance of the year?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: Judy, happy to try to add a bit more on that. As I mentioned during the prepared remarks portion of the script, commodities were a little bit deflationary in Q1 because of the overlaps, particularly overlaps around the energy prices. Commodities will turn to a bit inflationary in the balance of the year. So obviously that's a drag on margins. Number two, there were certainly some timing of expenses, particularly as it related to corporate expenses as I've mentioned. That gave us a big tailwind. Corporate expenses overall will be down in 2016, but they won't be down at the same rate that you saw in Q1. So for the balance of the year, it will spread itself out a bit more evenly. The net of all of that is I would expect less margin improvement in Q2 and Q3; and then you'll see stronger margin improvement again in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, thanks. I guess two, if I could. Hugh, you mentioned the worsening macro assumptions in your outlook versus a few months ago. Could you just talk maybe about where those incremental concerns are most focused? And then, Indra, picking up on your comments on new product innovations, could you update us on how much of your revenue is driven by new product innovation and whether that differs materially across divisions? And I guess also if there's a measure you look at to assess the longevity of new product contributions; in other words, differentiating between sort of short-term flavor extensions and more lasting successes like Kickstart has come to represent. Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: So I think the two places where we're probably incrementally less optimistic, number one is South America, not Mexico. Mexico, I think, we're quite positive on, but the balance of South America obviously is a challenge. And then number two is Eastern Europe. Eastern Europe is obviously continuing to be challenged from a GDP perspective and that flows through to disposable income and therefore to consumer spending on our products. The balance I think were probably roughly in line with where we've been.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And in terms of new products, Steve, typically what we look for is 9% of our revenue growth to come from new products and innovation. That's really what we targeted for ourselves this year, and we're running close to that number. Again, one quarter in innovation for the year does not make. So what I'm going to give you is what we expect the year to come in at. And last year, we came very close to that 9% number. And typically, what we look for within that is a 75% line extensions, what we call, refresh innovation, because news drives growth in this category. And then 25% we'd like it to be reframe and breakthrough, which is new platforms or substantially new packaging that can take the business to a whole new level. And again, across the world this number varies, but roughly speaking that's what we shoot for. And the thing to be careful was about Kickstart was a new platform, but after a couple of years it becomes part of the base of the company, and then we have to rely on flavor extensions to continue to drive it. And so something that's reframe or breakthrough the first year after a couple or three years starts to go back into the base and starts getting counted in refresh. So really how we count innovation is really stuff that's been launched and is in the market for at least two years. And we look at the performance of that business on a rolling basis. So right now we're running at about 9%; and it's 75:25 refresh versus reframe and breakthrough.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, so three quick things, if I may. One is, if you could, just tell us about the impact of the deconsolidation of Venezuela on your organic top line growth and maybe even on your margins, if any. So as you're pulling it out, what was the impact on the organics? Two is, if you could, give us some more  particularly for investors who remain concerned about price irrationality coming back in the U.S. Clearly it's just a little bit of Nielsen data, one quarter of what you said rounded down. But can you give us more to those investors about why you think you need to continue being price rational in the North American market? I field those questions all day, so I'd love to hear from you. And then third is just Tingyi as a jumping off point. If you can, characterize the problems there that you described earlier. How much of it was macro stock market broad issues versus the PepsiCo-Tingyi partnership, that 3P, third-party type partnership, and if that means anything differently in the way you guys view the way you want to distribute on a global basis with third parties. And I think specifically, for example, about Brazil beverages woes historically and ABI-SAB obviously coming together, but just broadly as well. Thank you for those.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hugh, do you want to talk about the impact on Venezuela or Venezuela?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: I'm happy to. Ali, revenue on Venezuela was a point, not meaningful on margins.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me talk about pricing. Ali, I can only talk about what we're going to do. Our belief is that it's very important that you really execute price rationally in the market because when you drop the price too much, it doesn't drive that much consumption growth, volume growth. I think we're at a point in the market in many of our categories where you can grow the business through premiumization, real innovation. But just playing a price game does not drive volume growth and it actually destroys value. So that's our strategy and that's the playbook that we're going to execute. Let me turn to Tingyi. I think I gave you a pretty complete answer when Caroline asked the question, but let me just add to it. You've seen the Tingyi results, you've heard their call, you've heard all of the news that comes out of Tingyi, so I'm not going to talk about a public company that announces its results on its own. I'll just tell you that from my perspective or our perspective, clearly macroeconomics has played a role. I think Tingyi itself is trying to retool itself to become more efficient. And whenever you're going to do a transformation or retooling, there is going to be disruption in the business. And finally, the PepsiCo-Tingyi partnership started off very well and I think it will come right back to where it was intended to be. The transition where we consolidate distribution systems, where we sort our products between PepsiCo-oriented distribution system or premium products oriented distribution system versus a value-oriented product distribution system, that transition is taking a little bit longer and it's a little bit more painful. I wish it could happen faster, but that's the reality of what we're living with because the slowdown in the macros has not helped either. So from a Tingyi perspective, as I said, we remain optimistic, and we just need to power through this and provide the help in terms of capabilities and knowledge transfer to them so they can get through the difficult period. And I don't think Tingyi is indicative of any problems on a global basis. I'll tell you something. We have hundreds of partners globally in the beverage business. At any point, some percentage of those bottlers go through issues. That's the same for any company in this beverage business. And the strength of the franchise company is how do you help that bottling entity recover from its issues given that we operate COBOs [Company Operated Beverage Operations] and we have a reservoir of capabilities. That's really what we're doing it, taking people from our established COBOs, sending them into these bottler businesses to help them improve their performance. So I don't see any major red flags here, Ali.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Robert.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Hey, thank you. Thank you very much. Good morning. A couple of questions. You noted in most of the segments that you're starting to face now some operating cost inflation. Is that primarily wage inflation? Can you give us any more details on that please?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: The biggest factor in that is wage inflation. Recall, when we've talked about in the past, we have about $28 billion in operating expense. Roughly half of that is labor; and outside the U.S. labor is obviously inflationary, it's just based on local inflation rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: A question for Hugh on North American profitability and margins there in your line of sight for improvement. So this is kind of a broader question for you, but I was hoping you could kind of briefly touch on what's the margin ambition in Frito? Can that be a 35% operating margin business over time? Quaker would seem like there's a significant opportunity there now without the Muller JV weighing on it. Can that return to a 30% operating margin business? And that would seem like that could happen over a much quicker period of time without that weighing it down. And then if you could briefly touch on NAB as well, which is a bit more difficult given the vertical integration there with bottler ownership. So any commentary there? I'm sorry that's a bit broad-based, but would be helpful. Thank you.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer & EVP: I'm happy to do that. As you all know, we don't give division-specific margin guidance. It just gets into a level of granularity and detail that's probably more confusing than helpful. That said, I would broadly say all of our North American businesses have the potential to continue to see improved margins. How are they going to do that? Number one, it will be through our broad-based supply chain productivity programs. We continue to take cost out. Particularly moving from the plant to the store, we're getting more and more efficient at operating that distribution network. Number two, Smart Spending continues to present an opportunity to enhance margins; and again that occurs across all of our businesses. And number three, as Indra pointed out earlier, we continue to see a lot of opportunities to premiumize our products. With those premium products come good price points. And once the products are in the marketplace and the A&M has normalized on those new products, you can expect to see those earn premium margins over time. So, again, I don't want to get into specific division level margin guidance, but I do believe that all of our North American businesses will continue to see margin improvement over time.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So with that, thank you all for your questions. And in closing, let me just say we're off to a good start. We're confident that we have the right plans in place and we will continue to execute to the best of our abilities. We look forward to updating you on our progress as the year advances. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Think you. That does conclude PepsiCo's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC William G. Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CFO. We'll lead off with prepared comments and then we'll turn to Q&A. And recognizing it's a busy earnings day, we'll end the call at about 8:45. As we begin the call, it's important to note the following. We will make forward-looking statements on this call. Any forward-looking statement inherently involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the current predictions and expectations. Information on such risks can be found in today's earnings release and our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss results using non-GAAP measures. You can find GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations on our website in the Investors section under the Events and Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results, keep in mind that our fourth quarter comprises the 16 weeks ended December 26 for our North American operations and the months of September through December for most of our operations outside North America. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. And if I sound funny this morning, it's because I'm nursing a very bad cold. I'm pleased to announce that PepsiCo has delivered to shareholders a terrific year in 2015, with strong organic revenue growth and 10% core constant currency EPS growth. We simultaneously enhanced our competitiveness and prospects for future growth, while meeting or exceeding each of the 2015 financial goals that we shared with you this time last year. From a strategic perspective, we held or gained market share across most of our key markets. We built the strength of our brands, evidenced by both our strong organic top-line growth and 40 basis point increase in A&M as a percentage of sales. We continued to extend our innovation advantage, growing new platforms such as MTN DEW Kickstart, Stacy's Pita snacks and Inner Smile dairy drinks in China, and simultaneously invested for the future by increasing our R&D spending. We continued to win in foodservice by adding Disney in China, SUBWAY across several countries and renewing Yum! in China, due primarily to our broad product portfolio and superior customer service. And we enhanced our offerings to our foodservice partners in 2015 through the establishment of exciting new platforms like Stubborn Soda, MTN DEW BLACK LABEL and Hello Goodness vending. We added major new marketing properties with the NBA and the UEFA Champions League. And we expect to derive value from them through our rapidly-expanding global marketing and design capabilities. And we delivered a record-setting year for productivity as our outstanding operating teams leveraged our global supply chain Center of Excellence to execute best practices and new ideas with great precision across all of our businesses. While delivering strong strategic results, we delivered financially. We targeted mid-single-digit organic revenue growth and delivered 5% growth. We targeted core operating margin expansion and delivered a 30 basis point improvement. We delivered 10% core constant currency EPS growth against our initial target of 7% and converted 120% of core net income to free cash flow, excluding certain items, through strong capital management. This strong cash generation enabled us to provide attractive cash returns to our shareholders, a total of $9 billion in 2015. And our core net return on invested capital stands at 19.6% at the end of 2015, up 430 basis points over the past three years. I am particularly pleased to note that we achieved these results in the face of a challenging macro and external environment. Over my several decades in business, I have never seen this combination of sustained headwinds across most economies, combined with high volatility across global financial markets. From my meetings and observations traveling around the world, I have noted slow economic growth or recession across all but the U.S.  across the U.S. and a few other countries, as a combination of geopolitics and oil have created many challenging economic outcomes. The slower economic growth has resulted in lower demand for commodities, which has put extreme pressure on previously-booming economies like Russia, Canada and Brazil, just to name a few. In order to address slowing demand, central banks have few tools to kick-start their economies, as these tools have largely been fully exploited over the past several years. In addition, increased government regulation, including increased taxation, labeling requirements and limitations on social programs, are placing further pressure on consumer demand. These macro issues have created three broad risks for the consumer and for CPG companies. First, the widespread economic malaise has created a strong U.S. dollar, which has the effect of creating local inflation in international markets and threatens to derail the U.S. economic recovery. Second, volatile financial markets may cause a pullback in corporate investment and consumer spending. And finally, the continued weak economic performance is causing widespread political and social turmoil across the globe, which may create even greater economic harm. In the face of these challenges, our geographic sectors managed very well during 2015, exploiting the more positive environments for superior results, while carefully navigating weak environments to balance tight cost management with judicious investment to surgically capture growth. In a relatively positive macro environment, our performance in North America was particularly strong, with both Frito-Lay North America and North American Beverages turning in very good operating and financial performances. Each posted 3% organic revenue growth and 7% core constant currency operating profit growth for the year. Frito-Lay North America once again delivered consistent results, while continuing to transform its package architecture in potato chips and its go-to-market system through further expansion of the GES program. North American Beverages had its best financial performance in recent memory, benefiting from the continuation of improved industry pricing dynamics, a broad product portfolio and continued positive innovation performance. And Quaker Foods North America began a turnaround in 2015, delivering positive organic revenue results for the first time in several years and gaining value share across its breakfast categories of hot and ready-to-eat cereal and Aunt Jemima syrup and mix. And I'm pleased to report that PepsiCo once again was the single largest contributor to U.S. retail food and beverage growth for our customers. For the full year, we provided more growth in U.S. retail sales than the next 15 largest food and beverage manufacturers combined. And it's this success that uniquely positions us as our customers' go-to partner to drive growth. When we look beyond North America, our international divisions clearly dealt with the lion's share of the macro challenges that I mentioned earlier. And yet despite these challenges, we were able to grow organic revenue 8% and core constant currency operating profit 6% for the year by executing effective pricing strategies, launching exciting innovative products, localizing sourcing to address FX transaction headwinds and driving productivity that provided investment funding that will propel future growth. So overall, a very good performance for the year and we believe we are well-positioned as we enter 2016. Now, you may recall that we focused on one of our big performance-driving initiatives on each of the last three earnings calls. On our prior calls, we covered innovation supported by sensible brand management, then we talked about flawless execution. And last time, we talked about self-sustaining productivity. Today I want to focus on the fourth of these initiatives, cash generation and food and capital allocation. Now, a substantial portion of our earnings converts to free cash flow and we generate a lot of cash. In fact, over the past three years, we've converted more than 100% of our core earnings to free cash flow and we generated more than $24 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items, including $8 billion generated in 2015 alone. More broadly, we are highly disciplined in how we allocate this cash, with a particular focus on returning cash to shareholders. Our first capital allocation priority is to invest in the business, not only in the form of CapEx and working capital, but also within the P&L, in A&M, R&D and marketplace investment in routes and racks. In fact, since 2011, we've increased A&M as a percentage of sales by 110 basis points and R&D spending is up 40%. We have rigorous capital planning and review processes. Our CapEx investments have very attractive returns on investment. And we continually find ways to drive returns even higher by driving greater fixed asset utilization and by reducing the cost of adding capacity. Over the past four years, we have reduced CapEx as a percentage of sales to 4.4% on a rolling four quarter basis, which is an improvement of 60 basis points. On a revenue base of $63 billion, this equates to an annual cash savings of approximately $380 million. Similarly, our efforts to improve our working capital have yielded positive results. Over the past three years, we have improved our working capital cash conversion cycle by more than 30 days, which contributed $2.5 billion to cash flow improvement. So both our CapEx and working capital productivity have been significant contributors to our very favorable free cash flow performance. Our second priority is to pay dividends to our shareholders. We have raised our dividend for 44 consecutive years, effective with the June 2016 payment. And this is through both consistent earnings growth and by raising our payout ratio over time. With this morning's announced dividend increase, we expect to pay out approximately 60% of our core 2015 earnings. And our dividend yield at yesterday's closing stock price is an attractive 3%. And our ten-year compound annual growth in dividend per share is 10%. Continuity of dividends and growth in annual dividend per share are a point of great pride for PepsiCo and we view them as a vitally important element to the total shareholder return equation. Our third priority is to strengthen our market positions and create value through responsible tuck-in acquisitions, generally less than $500 million a year in total, which equates to a relatively small percentage of annual free cash flow. We've built a lot of capability in evaluating and integrating tuck-in acquisitions. And we have very disciplined strategic and financial guidelines to ensure that they are value creating. Our acquisition evaluation is comprehensive and includes assessment of geographic considerations, category growth and attractiveness, scalability, competitive dynamics, people and business systems, integration, cultural fit and transaction complexity. And our fourth capital allocation priority is to return residual cash to our shareholders through share repurchases, and we plan to do so within the confines of maintaining a capital structure that provides us ready access to the debt capital markets at attractive rates. Over the past three and 10 years, we returned more than $13 billion and $35 billion, respectively, to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Net, our focus on capital allocation discipline has yielded impressive results. We've returned more than $65 billion to shareholders over the past 10 years in combined dividends and share repurchases. Before Hugh covers guidance in detail, I'll just make a few broader points about the landscape going forward. We expect a continuation of the many macro challenges we face this year: a strong U.S. dollar; sluggish growth or recession in most developing and emerging markets; political and social unrest in a number of regions; and increased government regulation. And, as I mentioned, while the U.S. economy is experiencing a recovery, it's delicate. And there is a risk that it will not sustain itself if the rest of the globe continues to experience such massive pressures. But even in the face of this rather challenging global landscape, I'm optimistic about PepsiCo's future. We have made a prudent appraisal of those factors outside of our control and we are controlling those factors we can control. Our teams around the globe are executing well. Our innovation pipeline is full and promising. And the sustained investments we've made in strengthening marketing and developing cutting-edge capabilities will serve us well as we move through the year. We believe we have the plans in place for 2016 to continue to deliver strong financial results. And there is something that's equally important as the right plans. We have the right people. The fact that we've achieved so much in what has been a protracted and extremely challenging and volatile environment, is a testament to the strength and experience of our management team. We benefit greatly from a senior management team distinguished by continuity, experience and skill. Our sector heads and CFO, Al, Tom, Laxman, Ramon, Sanjeev and Hugh, have 140 years of combined PepsiCo experience across multiple categories, markets and functions. And at the same time, we are developing and advancing PepsiCo's next generation of leadership. The appointments over just the past 24 months of Laxman and Ramon to their respective sector leadership roles and the appointments of Brian Newman to run Global Operations and Eugene Willemsen to run our global category groups are a few key examples of such next-generation leaders who have gained tremendous experience already and have much runway ahead of them at PepsiCo. So with these comments, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Great, and good morning, everyone. Moving on to our outlook for 2016, as we set out in the release, we expect organic revenue growth of approximately 4%, with the top-line continuing to benefit from the investments we've made in our brands and innovation, as well as our revenue management capabilities, driving organic revenue growth and positive net price realization. And taking our core 2015 EPS of $4.57 and applying our guidance and current foreign exchange market consensus rates, implies a 2016 core EPS of approximately $4.66. Let me touch on the key considerations and assumptions embedded in our outlook. First, we will have a 53rd week in 2016, as we do every five or six years, which principally impacts our North American businesses, given that our international businesses report on a monthly calendar. Our organic revenue growth outlook excludes the impact of this extra week. And our intention is to reinvest the benefit from the extra week in growth and productivity initiatives. Second, we will be lapping the deconsolidation of our Venezuela business, which occurred at the end of Q3 in 2015. Venezuela contributed approximately $0.10 per share to core earnings in the first three quarters of 2015. And third, foreign exchange translation will continue to be a headwind, with most of our key international markets' currencies expected to decline versus the U.S. dollar in 2016. Based on current foreign exchange market consensus rates, this is expected to be a four point drag on both net revenue and core EPS. Additionally, to the positive, we expect to generate approximately $1 billion of productivity savings in 2016, which is in line with our overall objective of achieving $5 billion of productivity over the five years through 2019. We anticipate continued reduction in corporate expenses, and we expect our share count to benefit from a targeted $3 billion in share repurchases. In terms of headwinds, we anticipate continued volatile macros, especially in the developing and emerging markets. And commodity inflation is deflationary in the low single digits, excluding foreign exchange, and low single digit inflationary, including the impact of transaction-related foreign exchange in many of the markets whose currencies have and are expected to continue to weaken against the U.S. dollar. Also, keep in mind that because of our forward buying approach, our commodity costs tend to lag what you see in the spot markets. As you model out the quarters, we ask you to consider the following. We deconsolidated our Venezuela operations at the end of Q3 in 2015, so our EPS comparisons will be impacted by lapping the elimination of earnings from Venezuela during the first three quarters of 2016. The AMENA division will face a difficult operating profit comparison during Q1 2016, as the business laps a gain related to re-franchising a portion of India bottling operations, and the benefit of the 53rd week will fall in the fourth quarter of the year, while our reinvestment of the benefit of the 53rd week will be made throughout the year. We will maintain a high level of discipline toward capital allocation, with the vast majority of free cash flow after capital spending being returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. We expect to return $4 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends, and we expect to return an additional $3 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases. So combined, we expect these actions will result in cash returns to shareholders of $7 billion in 2016. Capital allocation is a top priority for our management and our board, and we trust these actions will again be seen by shareholders as tangible evidence of this commitment. With that, we are ready to take the first question.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Hugh.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So first, can you give us your organic sales growth in emerging markets in Q4? And as we look out to 2016, Indra, it sounded like you were very cautious on the macro environment, so any impact in terms of macros on your business in emerging markets in Q4, if you could provide some more detail there and also, so far, what you're seeing in Q1, given we're well into the quarter, and any thoughts just in general on the level of risk and your visibility on the 4% organic sales growth guidance. And then also, on the macro side, can you just review trends in gas and convenience in the U.S. in both snacks and beverages and your thoughts on consumer spending in that channel for 2016? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So let me start with the macro numbers. Go ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Dara, this is Hugh. To answer your question on developing and emerging markets, the growth rate would've been about 6% for the quarter.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Dara, let me talk about the world and what we're seeing around the world. And it's not just emerging markets. We travel around the world, and let me just take a quick walk around the world. As you look at Latin America, Brazil, Argentina, if you look at Colombia, between a combination of the economic issues in the country and the currency devaluation, it's causing tremendous strain on anybody who is operating in that country, leave alone American companies have to report in U.S. dollars because you have both a transaction and a translation problem to deal with. Transaction because a lot of the commodities we buy are denominated in dollars, so we have to figure out how to price that through. If you go over to Europe, the Western European market, I would say, did show some signs of recovery, but not to the level that we would like to see it. Interestingly, our businesses in East Europe are doing well with respect to the local market, but again the currency is really taking a bite out of the profit streams that come out of that market. I was in the Middle East about three weeks ago. The teams there are very resilient, but they have to cope every day with the issues in the Middle East, whether it's countries going through attacks or the refugee crisis. It is pretty severe what's going on there. And many routes have to get off the market at times. And our teams are all local, so they figure out a way to operate, but it is tough. And I think we are one of the few companies that keeps an operation going because the routes can come on quickly when there's a lull in the activity there. So I would say it's difficult to watch that region going through the problems it's going through. And as you move further east, India's holding up. The Pacific Rim is holding up nicely, don't see too many issues. And China, going into the Chinese New Year, last year, I think the market was very sluggish, but this year it started off moderately okay. And if you ask me about how the year has started off, look, one period or one month a year does not make, but the year has started off okay. And again, I want to be very clear. What we can control, we are doing very well: execution; productivity; innovation now on the shelf. We are doing a very good job. And that's giving us some tailwinds. What we cannot control, which is the geopolitical issues, this incredible currency turmoil, we just have to accept it for the moment. And so I'd say the teams are executing very well in the marketplace. And that's why we feel cautiously optimistic, on the one hand, while feeling despondent about the macros on the other hand. As far as the convenience store is concerned, in the past, we used to say when gas prices came down, there used to be a perceptible increase in convenience store traffic. Yes, we did see an increase in convenience store traffic and convenience stores were up, what, 6%, Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: About 6%, yeah.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: About 6%. But you know, I think that game has played out. Now, it's going to be how much innovation you put on the shelves and how you execute. And this is where again our DSD systems, our Power of One, and the fact that we have the right products for the convenience stores is going to stand us in great stead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: How are you? Hopefully, you'll feel better soon. So I wanted to get a better sense of your 2015 to 2016 EPS bridge, because if you're still actually getting this $1 billion of cost savings, you're buying back kind of this $3 billion similar level of stock purchase, that, together, would be kind of 11% or 12% EPS growth. And ex-Venezuela, ex-currencies, you're only saying you're going to get something like 8%. And I'm having trouble figuring out what that gap is. It makes me feel that all else equal, so if you're not cutting costs, you're not doing anything, the core business is actually shrinking, which clearly can't be with a 4% top-line growth number organically for next year. So I'm just trying to figure out the bridge, if you can, more quantitatively between 2015 and 2016 than what you've already offered, particularly on the core piece, please.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, Ali. Let me toss this to Hugh, who'll give you a complete answer on this.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, happy to. Good morning, Ali. If you add up the numbers, you're right. Revenue growth, as we've said, is to be about 4%. Productivity will be about a $1 billion benefit. Commodities, of course, are inflationary, low single digits. The other factors built into our numbers are number one, we will see operating expense inflation. Recall, our bucket of OpEx is about $28 billion. A little over half of that is labor, and labor will inflate somewhere around 4% for the year. In addition to that, you'll see continued investments in advertising and marketing, as you have over the last couple of years. And the reason we continue to invest in that is we continue to get good returns on it, hence the 4% to 5% revenue growth you've seen over the last couple of years. You will see higher investment in research and development as well, same answer on that. We're continuing to see good returns on that. And then, of course, with the revenue growth that we've seen over the last couple of years, we do need to invest in manufacturing lines. We need to invest in routes. We need to invest in racks to place the products on. So when you add all of those factors up and then add into that geographic mix, which is a slight drag, you wind up with a total of 8% on earnings per share growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher of JPMorgan.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, John.
John A. Faucher - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, Indra. Wanted to talk a little bit about sort of the longer-term outlook for the pricing environment; and so it makes sense, given all the inflationary pressures that we're seeing in terms of pricing in emerging markets, I guess the question really becomes can you sustain pricing in developed markets, particularly given  I know your raw materials are up slightly, but there are some deflationary raw materials. And there seems to be some concern about downward pressure on pricing maybe in the U.S. So as we look at the 2015 results, low single-digit volume, a little bit more pricing, do you see that changing over time? And can you continue to get the pricing in developed markets that would allow you to sort of sustain that sort of, let's say, 3% to 4% pricing number going forward? Thanks.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: John, that's a great question because we talk about that and worry about that all the time. I think there are two or three things to think about. One is in categories which are not growing robustly, like carbonated soft drinks, there you should manage pricing very carefully because there's no point trying to drop the pricing, because it's not going to drive additional demand. So in that particular category, through a combination of revenue management, through a combination of intelligent price pack architecture, you just figure out how to get some pricing from the marketplace. So let's hold that on the side. Second, the area where we really look for pricing is through innovation. Because if there's one place where the consumer likes the news and is willing to pay up for, it's for innovation. And we've been really ramping up our innovation machine to be able to get price realization through innovation. The third is through channel mix. And if you sell more single-serve, if you sell to the channels where the consumer is willing to pay a little bit more, that clearly is a help. And lastly, even if you don't get the pricing in some places, we want to take our costs down. So we've been looking at how to reengineer our supply chain end-to-end, how to work with customers to re-think our supply chain. So there's a lot of work going on in our company in terms of rethinking our end-to-end costs to align our supply chains with customers, so we can mutually take out costs and then figure out a way to pass some of it to the consumer. So that's really our strategy on pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS Investment.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. So, on the marketing step-up, which you obviously increased a lot this year and in the fourth quarter especially, can you talk a little bit more about where that investment is focused? Is it broad-based? Is it more food versus beverages, domestic versus international? Any skew would be helpful. And then more broadly, I'm just wondering if there's anything you're seeing out there that gives you more confidence on the margin in that spending, because I'm struck now by how many CPG companies that have emphasized a return to A&P investment in the last few weeks. But it's interesting against the backdrop  the macro backdrop, as you pointed out, is not getting easier. So is the increase that you're making, is it PepsiCo-specific against proactive opportunities? Is it against things that may be sort of deceptively encouraging for the broader industry? Or is any of your increase simply driven by a need to kind of keep pace and maintain share of voice versus peers that are also stepping up their investments? Any clarity there would be helpful. Thank you.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hugh, why don't you talk to the where we're putting the money and then I'll talk about the rest here.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, happy to. A couple of comments on that, Steve, number one, it is broad-based. I wouldn't say it's targeted to any particular business or any particular geography. As we cut across snacks and beverages, numbers went up in both categories. As we cut across the geographies, all of our geographies saw an increase in advertising and marketing spend. Number two, in terms of where is the money going, I would say that more of it is going to digital over time. The big constraint on moving more to digital is identifying high-quality properties to advertise on. So it's not just a matter of going for pop-up ads anymore. It's really more sophisticated digital advertising. And that is probably  more than anything, the rate-limiting factor is finding high-quality assets to invest in. Third, as you've seen as recently as the Super Bowl this past weekend, we are investing in big properties, because these big properties do enable breakthrough types of messaging. And I think we, over the last several years, as well as for a longer period of time, have been quite successful in investing in those big properties. And then fourth, from a returns perspective, obviously, measuring advertising and a marketing return is a little bit trickier than measuring return on price reductions and things like that. That said, with the advent of big data, we actually are getting more sophisticated in terms of our ability to measure those returns. Without getting into all of the details of it, the things I'd point to on a macro level are, we've been able to sustain 4% to 5% revenue growth in what's been a challenging environment. So when you add all of it up, we'll continue to invest more in advertising and marketing as we see good payback on it. As a management team, we are acutely focused on shareholder value creation as the meta-metric for all that we do around here. And advertising and marketing is giving us good payback for the shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Bill.
William G. Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Hey, can we just go back to North America a second and just talk about the impact on Frito from the pack down (34:00) changes and the go-to-market changes? So can you just quantify what you guys think that did to sales over the last year and when it gets lapped? And then maybe the sustainability of growth at Gatorade, which has been phenomenal, and a lot of it's been driven by category growth. So is that broadly just sort of like the fitness health and wellness trend in the U.S. or do you think it's driven by something more dynamic?
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll talk about Gatorade and then you can get your thoughts straight...
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On what detail you can provide on Frito. I think Gatorade benefited in 2015 from three factors. One is, it was a hot year, and it was hotter for a longer period of time. And Gatorade does well when the temperature is above normal, especially for as long as it was during the year. So we shouldn't underestimate the impact of that. Second is, the Gatorade innovation has been very good. Fierce and Frost alone, I think, contributed significantly to sales growth. And all the new stuff that Gatorade is doing with the smart bottle, with the pods that are tailored for the athlete, the Gatorade Prime and Recover, all of that is giving more legitimacy to the brand. And I think that it's driving more of the Gatorade sales. And third, I think on a competitive basis, relatively speaking, the fact that so many athletes are choosing Gatorade now is allowing Gatorade to far outdistance any emerging competitors in the space who tried to attack Gatorade just on price. And Gatorade has managed to hold its own and, in fact, extend its advantage. And so a combination of these three have served us well. Going into 2016, I think we'll keep the pedal to the metal on innovation, on execution and hope that the weather holds up. That's the best we can do. So Frito, Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so from a Frito perspective, Bill, I assume your question is around the potato chip promotional package, moving from the XXL to the XL bag. That probably cost us from a volume perspective about a point. Recall, that the reason for the strategy, as we talked during last year, was to increase household penetration with smaller household sizes. The objective was to get a package that smaller households would find attractive as the primary promotional package. In that regard, the strategy has actually been quite successful and I think gotten our volume re-based in a good spot from the standpoint of how we're managing the Lay's business. More broadly in terms of Frito-Lay performance, you saw 1%, 3%, 7% last year in terms of volume, revenue and profit. If you look at Frito's performance over the last four or five years, it's been remarkably consistent, volume's been around 2%. Revenue's been around 4% and profit's been around 6%, plus or minus a point, for quite a few years. I think you can continue, even as we invest and make changes in Frito, you can expect to see that type of performance going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Judy.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, everyone. How are you?
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So I guess I just wanted to go back to Frito-Lay and maybe just get your color on the broader kind of macro snacking environment in the U.S. The confectionery category has been a little bit soft. Salty snacks is more stable, but just in terms of the context of the U.S. consumers perhaps being a bit better off, seems like maybe the category could do a little bit better. So any color just in terms of where the consumers are going across the broader macro snacking category would be helpful.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me step back. The overall macro snacking category probably growing somewhere in the 3% to 4%, and the reason Frito does as well as it does is because it takes occasions from all other macro snacking categories. And so Frito's able to go after crackers, able to go after sweet occasions, through interesting products that comes from a salty heritage. So we have a frying platform. We have a baking platform, different sort of baking platforms. And we leverage those platforms to go after all of those occasions. And I think that's what creates an advantaged model within Frito-Lay. We are not in a zero-sum game within macro snacks, where any growth that we get has to come at the expense of another category already participating. In the case of Frito, we are in one category and reach out of the core (38:56). Remember the old strategy of grow the core and add more? That's really what we're doing. We're looking at the demand of consumers and wondering how we can serve that demand with a Frito-Lay option. And whether it's Cheetos, Fritos or it's the chocolate-covered Lay's that we offered or all the new products on slate for next year, I think we're just going after other macro snacking occasions. And that's why other companies are hurting and Frito-Lay is doing so well. And you combine that with our DSD system, our Power of One advantage, we can really get a tremendous advantage with customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, Indra. Good morning, Hugh.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Mark.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Two questions on Latin America, if I could, one is, any detail you can give us on the "strategic investments" in the quarter, to what extent they're brand and forward-facing and to what extent they were otherwise. And then secondly, it's kind of early days since you've integrated snacks and beverage in Latin America, but could you give us an update on how that's going and whether 2016 is a year where we should expect benefits from that to be more significant? Just how that's going and what your outlook from that is.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Investments in Latin America.
Hugh F. Johnston - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, sure, happy to start with that. Good morning, Mark. When you look at Latin America, you really have to take a step back, because it's such a broad and diverse geography, both in terms of cultures and in terms of economic outlook for the near-term. Obviously, Brazil has got a significant number of challenges facing into 2016, as it has over the last couple of years. At the other end of the spectrum, Mexico is, as an economy, performing quite well. So if you think about what we're trying to accomplish, as you move south into Latin America, a lot of our focus has been around making our supply chain more efficient and making our management structures more efficient. And a number of the investments that we made in the fourth quarter there were geared towards productivity-driving initiatives. On the other hand, in Mexico, where the outlook is more positive, the investments we made during the course of 2015 were more growth-oriented. And as we think about our outlook going forward, we expect that mix of probably stronger performance out of Mexico, more margin improving performance out of the balance of Latin America. That said, we're long-term, very positive on the geography. We think we've got great market positions and great people down there. And we think it's one of the most important regions of the world for us going forward.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And then, in terms of integrating snacks and beverages under one leader, look, if we didn't have economies in Latin America that were performing so poorly at this point, we'd start to see results sooner. But right now, it's very hard to really point to when we will see results, based on the fact that any progress we make is eaten up by macroeconomic challenges. So we look at underlying in-process metrics, if you want to call it that, as opposed to tailpipe metrics. And everything we're seeing says that we are making great progress in figuring out how to leverage a franchise bottler system with our snacks business to create advantage. And it's going well so far.
Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So with that, let me just thank you all for your questions. And in closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our 2015 results. Looking ahead to 2016, we are confident that we have the right plans in place. We are executing well against those plans. And we've set appropriately aggressive targets for 2016. We look forward to updating you on our progress as the year advances. Thank you for your time and questions this morning and, more importantly, for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - SVP, IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Hugh Johnston - CFO
Analysts: John Faucher - JP Morgan Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Caroline Levy - CLSA Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Bill Marshall - Barclays Steve Powers - UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off with prepared comments and then turn to Q&A. As we begin the call, it's important to note the following. We will make forward-looking statements on this call. Any forward-looking statement inherently involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current predictions and expectations. Information on such risks can be found in today's earnings release and our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss results using non-GAAP measures and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations on our website under the Investors section under Events and Presentations tab. As a reminder, beginning this quarter, PepsiCo reported its realigned segments. We provided retrospectively revised summary segment results, reflecting the companys new organization structure in early August. As we covered in this mornings release, we have changed the accounting for Venezuela operations and consequently will no longer consolidate their operating results beginning in the fourth quarter. Further details on this can be found in todays earnings release and the soon to be released third quarter Form 10-Q filing.  And now it is my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning everyone. Despite a continued choppy global macro environment, we are happy to report another great quarter at PepsiCo.  In the third quarter, organic revenue grew 7.4%, with Global Snacks up 10% and Global Beverages up 5%. Core gross margin improved by 120 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit increased 12% and core constant currency EPS increased 14%. Based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the balance of the year, we are increasing our full year 2015 core constant currency EPS growth outlook to 9%. Also, we now plan to return approximately $9 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks with share buybacks at the high-end of the range we had guided to. Hugh will go into additional details of our guidance later.  But let me now comment briefly on our results. We again had very strong results in North America, and this comprises over 60% of our net revenue and approximately two-thirds of our core division operating profit year-to-date.  North America Beverage had a terrific quarter in which we grew our organic volume by 3%, organic revenue by 5%, and core constant currency operating profit by 10%. During the quarter, we held value shares in liquid refreshment beverages and gained value share across important sub-categories including ready-to-drink tea and water.  Frito-Lay North America delivered another quarter of solid results with organic revenue growth of 2% and core constant currency operating profit growth of 7%. Core operating margins increased by 155 basis points, reflecting execution of price-pack architecture management and ongoing productivity initiatives across the value chain.  In Quaker Foods North America, organic revenue increased 2% and core constant currency operating profit increased 1.5%, and operating profit performance is noteworthy given the fact that they are lapping a divestiture gain in the prior year. Quaker has gained value share in both hot and read-to-eat cereal, both in the quarter and year-to-date.  And we are proud to report that during the third quarter, PepsiCo was the largest contributor to US retail sales growth among all food and beverage manufacturers with over $400 million of retail sales growth in all major channels. This was double the next largest contributor to growth. Notably, North American beverages was the key driver of US retail sales growth within PepsiCo and the largest contributor to US retail sales growth on a standalone basis.  On a year-to-date basis, PepsiCo has contributed over $1.1 billion of retail sales growth in all major channels, which again was the largest contributor to US retail sales growth among all food and beverage manufacturers, and this is really 2.5 times the next largest contributor to growth.  Now turning to our international market. In our developing and emerging markets, although we continue to face volatile and challenging macros in a number of these markets, were managing what we can control to stay competitive in this market  in this marketplace, and we continue to see good growth in a number of these markets. For example, our business in Turkey achieved double-digit organic revenue growth, Mexico achieved high-single-digit organic revenue growth, and Egypt achieved mid-single-digit organic revenue growth.  And as we mentioned last quarter, in each of our earnings calls, we will provide an update on our big initiatives to drive our operating and financial performance, brand building innovation, execution, productivity, and cash returns to shareholders.  On our Q2 earnings call, we talked about innovation. Today, we are focused on productivity, which is critical to succeed in todays challenging environment. With volatile macros globally and increasingly competitive landscape with digital technologies disrupting many aspects of our business, productivity has never been more important. And as all of you know well, productivity enables current financial performance and provides investment funding to sustain growth into the future. When we think of productivity, we think both in terms of efficiency, which is getting the same result using fewer resources and effectiveness getting a greater result using the same resources. Our productivity initiatives to-date have been largely focused on efficiency and we have had pretty good results. We delivered $3 billion in productivity between 2012 and 2014, and were on track to deliver the first year of our current five-year, $5 billion program that we started in 2015, and this productivity has been supported in large part by investments we made in technology, starting with our implementation of SAP in the early 2000s, and this allowed us to establish a common operating language and to standardize operating metrics across the globe.  We also adopted an operating model that has reduced plans and layers in the organization and has promoted the sharing of best practices around the world. We also established truly global functions in operations, procurement, IT, HR, and finance as well as very lean category horizontals that are driving greater capability building, harmonization and efficiency in new product development and global brand management.  Together, our technology investments and operating model are allowing us to leverage our global scale to a much greater extent. With these foundational elements in place, we have made progress in multiple areas.  First, increased automation. We have installed packaging automation across approximately a third of our snacks plant worldwide enabling us to reduce packaging label costs in these facilities by at least 50%. In Frito-Lay North America, for example, approximately 65% of all production utilizes fully automated packaging. In Mexico, we updated the majority of our packaging tubes with high speed equipment over the last few years, enabling us to increase throughput by approximately 40%. Across the Middle East, we installed automated palletizing and warehousing technologies in many key markets, resulting in improvement in labor productivities since 2013.  Second, we are restructuring our go-to-market systems. Since the success of our Perry, Georgia pilots in 2009, we have expanded our geographic enterprise solutions or GES as we call them at Frito-Lay North America to a total of 11 projects, which are now at various stages of deployment across locations in both the US and Canada. The consolidation of these plants and distribution networks will result in scale that enables economic implementation of automated order picking, the reduction of distribution centers, and a highly efficient direct-to-store delivery system directly from our plant. This model is also being applied to the North American beverages business, where they are combining large format and small format routes on the same trucks. The plan is to eliminate geographic overlap resulting in 15% fewer routes.  Third, we are optimizing our global manufacturing footprint. Since 2010, we have reduced the number of company-owned beverage plants in North America by 23%. At the same time, weve increased our capacity utilization by 20%. In Europe, in the past three years, we closed six plants across our beverage and dairy businesses, decreasing our footprint by 7% and generating more than $20 million of annual savings and further increasing our capacity utilization. Finally, in shared services. Were increasingly leveraging share service centers and selectively outsourcing financial transaction processing, accounting, reporting and other back office tasks. To-date the program has been executed in 18 countries, reducing costs, while improving analytical capabilities and service levels and streamlining IT infrastructure.  Our efficiency journey is in no way done. In addition to the major supply chain productivity initiatives, we have also embarked on our version of zero-based budgeting, something we call smart spending. You know, we studied ZBB in great detail and we realized that implementing it as currently designed, ran the risk of starting resources to drive topline growth initiatives. Our version of ZBB or smart spending as we call it focuses on rightsizing our operating expenses, now that we are beginning to see benefits from our technology investments and global coordination, while ring-fencing top line driving resources to focus more on deriving additional effectiveness from them. And this is a balanced approach, one that focuses both on a relentless drive for efficiency but preserves investments to drive top line growth, which brings me to our focus on increasing the effectiveness of our spent. We have expanded our view of productivity to ensure greater effectiveness across every element of spending. Just to give you a few examples, were sharpening our capabilities in revenue management to drive greater effectiveness of promotion and other trade spending. Were building the required tools and training to realize a greater return on our advertising and marketing investments. And we are developing new product platforms that can scale across multiple countries rapidly. And all of this is being enabled and accelerated by our lean global category structures. We believe our approach is working and driving meaningful tangible results. Over the past three years ending in 2014, we have realized an average of $1 billion of annual productivity savings. Net revenue per employee is up 10%, operating profit per employee is up 9%. This quarter marks our 13th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion. And from year-end 2011, Capex as a percent of net revenues went down from 4.9% to 4.1% on a rolling four quarter basis. Importantly, these achievements have contributed to strong free cash productivity and core net ROIC improvement. Since the beginning of 2013 to the third quarter of 2015, we have generated cumulative core free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $22 billion which represents 115% of core net income over the same time period. And core net ROIC has increased by 380 basis points to 19.1% at the end of the third quarter 2015 compared to 15.3% at end year 2012. Ultimately, we believe our approach creates a virtual cycle with productivity fueling the reinvestment and transformation necessary for sustainable top and bottom line growth and shareholder value creation. With this, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Thank you Indra and good morning everyone. First, lets discuss guidance. As Indra mentioned based on the strength of our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, weve increased our full-year core constant currency EPS growth target to 9% from 8% previously, which includes the expected fourth quarter impact of the Venezuela accounting change. Additional details regarding the change in accounting for Venezuela can be found in our third quarter earnings release and in the soon to be released 10-Q. Our other targets remain unchanged. For the full-year 2015, we continue to expect mid-single digit organic revenue growth, core operating margin expansion as organic top line growth and productivity should offset negative geographic mix and commodity inflation which incorporates the impact of transaction-related foreign exchange headwinds, and approximately $1 billion in productivity savings. Below the division operating line, we continue to expect corporate cost to be lower, a core tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count. We now expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings per share growth by approximately 10 and 11 percentage points respectively based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2014 core EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance and current market consensus of foreign exchange impact implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.54. As you model out the fourth quarter, Id ask you to consider the following. First we expect foreign exchange translation to have an approximate 8 point unfavorable impact on fourth quarter net revenue growth and an approximate 8 point unfavorable impact on fourth quarter core EPS growth based on current market consensus rates. Venezuelan operations contributed $0.03 to core EPS in the prior year quarter. Second, the North American beverages business will face a difficult core constant currency operating profit growth comparison. Below the division operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the fourth quarter versus last year, driven by higher interest rates and higher debt balances. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full-year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We expect our capital allocation discipline to continue to drive core ROIC improvement. This is building on the steady progress weve made in ROIC with core net ROIC up 380 basis points from 2012 to 19.1% through the third quarter of 2015 on rolling a four quarter basis. We expect shareholder cash returns to be very strong. We now expect to return approximately $9 billion to shareholders in 2015, approximately $4 billon in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases. Our current repurchase outlook is at the high end of the range we provided last quarter. Our annualized dividend is now $2.81 and approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2014 core EPS. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increases and our annualized dividends per share have grown at a 10% compound annual rate over the past ten years. So to summarize, our core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2015 has improved from our last call and free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders remain top priorities for the Company. With that operator well take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Faucher of JP Morgan.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning John
John Faucher: Good morning Indra. You talked about some of the markets that are doing well and you know I think the more -- where the street is really concerned here is in terms of some of the markets where you know Russia, Brazil, where we think there is potentially a little more macro impact and given the fact that you guys are about four weeks into the quarter, can you talk about whether or not youve seen some of these macro shifts have an impact on the consumer and how should we think about those markets going forward? And then a quick question for Hugh, which is, if we look at this, it seems as though Venezuela is about 3% this year on a run rate basis of earnings, youre covering about 50 basis points in Q4, so should we think about the balance coming out through the first three quarters of next year? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: John, global macros are volatile as I mentioned in my prepared comments. And whenever there is volatility in the marketplace, the consumer behavior does reflect some of this volatility. The good news is that, were not luxury items or high ticket items; we are basic food and beverage items. So, we see a slowdown but not significant. Having said that, I think the most important thing is we have a portfolio that we can play between developed, and developing, and emerging markets, and somehow we balance the portfolio to deliver the results, but the macro volatility is here to stay.
Hugh Johnston: And then, John to answer your question regarding Venezuela, as you mentioned, its worth $0.03 in that were lapping right now going into the fourth quarter, and we are covering that as a part of our 9% guidance. For 2016, we will get to guidance in February; we wont discuss that on this call. What I will share with investors is, in 2015, Venezuela is worth about $0.10, so thats what we will be lapping as we get into 2016, but rather than get into one-off guidance in 2016, well provide comprehensive guidance on the February call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So, first just a detailed question for Hugh, do you guys have an extra week in 2016? And if you do, how much will that add to EPS? And then, the real question is hoping for an update on the potato chip revenue management program at FLNA. How is it trending so far versus expectations, how is it being received by consumers and your retail partners? And going forward from here, should we expect volume growth to improve sequentially or will it really take another couple of quarters before we cycle the program to see sustained volume improvement? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: So Dara on the 53rd week, the answer is yes. We do have a 53rd week ever fifth or sixth year depending on how the days fall. And 2016 will be a 53-week year. As I mentioned on Johns question as well, in terms of guidance and impact on that, well get to that on the February call, its not time to handle that right now.
Indra Nooyi: And on the PC revenue management, Dara, were beginning to see all of the work we did on that revenue management program beginning to take root. Its clearly helped the profitability because its really price pack architecture to manage the SKUs on the shelves which were really getting much too complex. And were beginning to see the positive impact of all of the work we did over the last three quarters. Volume growth is beginning to come back, and clearly profitability has been helped by the whole revenue management program.
Hugh Johnston: In addition to that there -- one of the goals of the program was to increase the number of households that are buying Lays by virtue of recognizing the smaller households in the United States and in fact that impact is happening. So we feel good about the strategy as well as the revenue management implications.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Hey, Bryan. 
Bryan Spillane: I guess just two questions related to the comments on productivity. I think, first, if I look at currency or constant currency operating profit growth, its about $700 million of profit this year. So could you just give us some context in terms of how much of that profit growth has come from productivity dropping, how much of it is just the natural leverage in the business and maybe some context in terms of rate of reinvestment this year?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, Bryan, as always, this is a challenging question to answer, because in a company with PepsiCos complexity both geographically and from a channel and product perspective, isolating one of the variables is a little bit tricky. What I would say is this, the combination of the higher productivity in addition to that, the benefits that we are relatively getting on commodities and then comparing that to the natural rate of inflation for PepsiCos portfolio of 4% and comparing that to the level of fixed cost leverage we get through P&L, 60 basis points for the quarter we think is a good number for the year. Weve been delivering good leverage and the balancing act of much are we reinvesting back in R&D and reinvesting back in A&M, again its a bit difficult to isolate the variable. Suffice it to say, we are investing meaningful amounts in R&D and A&M in order to drive the top line growth that you are seeing.
Indra Nooyi: And we have new tools and technologies as we get more digital tools that are disrupting many parts of our business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy: Thanks so much. Good morning. I wonder if you could just take us through the US beverage environment in a little bit more detail, talking about how carbonated soft drinks are doing, particularly diets versus specifics, you mentioned how strong tea is, but -- and how that shift in categories affect margins going forward?
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Caroline. The US beverage environment is pretty good actually. There is good portfolio management happening in the industry and I would say that the CSD market continues to be under pressure from a volume perspective. From a value perspective, because of good revenue management and good pricing in the industry, the value numbers are way better than the volume numbers. But clearly the big story here is non-carbs and the non-carbs are really whats driving all of the growth in the whole industry. And again, in non-carbs, profitability varies. I mean, it ranges all the way from bottled water to other products that have higher profitability. So I think the challenge at every point in the North American beverage business is really two-fold if you want to think about it. How do you play the game across the portfolio between CSDs and non-carbs and within CSDs how do you alternate between a Mountain Dew versus a Pepsi versus a Kickstart, so thats one balancing game that we have to go through. But the second part is also channel-wise, how much emphasis you play on single serves and driving single-serve sales which have got a different profit profile than large pack or multi-serve products. So the challenge in this industry, its a very complex, very big industry. Its, how do you play this whole game intelligently. Now, I will tell you one thing, the fact that we own the bulk of our bottling systems and the fact that most of our bottlers are very aligned, we have very good set of bottling partners, actually allows us to be a lot more nimble and effect in the market, the right pricing strategies, revenue management strategies and get the right innovation into the marketplace. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Judy.
Judy Hong: So, Indra, you talked about the focus on increasing the promotion of spending effectiveness as part of the productivity indicatives. I was hoping to get a little bit more color just in terms of where do you think PepsiCo is in the context of what the industry is doing. Weve been hearing this trade spend effectiveness programs for a while, so how is it different this time? Is it more evolutionary versus revolutionary and then some of the categories that you think are kind of life for this to continue within your portfolio. And then, Hugh, just a follow up on Venezuela. So it seems like Venezuela probably added about 1 to 2 points to revenue growth, so can you just clarify or quantify the revenue impact and then in the fourth quarter as you deconsolidate Venezuela, how much of the organic revenue growth is that risk in terms of taking that out of your P&L.
Indra Nooyi: Yeah, Judy, again, I dont want to get into too much details, because now you are asking us to get into what really drives PepsiCo, but I will just roughly tell you that, you have to look at trade spending management and revenue management together, because in a way the two of them are how we manage the shelf. And as the digital tools get better and better and more tools are available to get more visibility into consumer interaction of different packages, the way we do revenue management improves. So if we look at Frito-Lays recent program on Project Drive, that was a trade spending and revenue management program because in a way, the way we manage the packaging there improves the profitability of the retailers in addition to improving the whole spending effectiveness. So I think the pace at which we move in this area is a function of the tools available for us to have more visibility into consumer buying decisions and how we do self-assortment. Its a journey. We are investing more and more in tools, training, capabilities and we are making sure everybody gets trained in these tools, developing market tools, emerging market tools, developed market tools, what we do with modern trade, what do we do with traditional trade, it is all about the training. Its a journey, Judy, and its going to take a few years before we are fully done. But as these tools roll out, well start to see the benefits roll into the P&L and thats what you saw in Frito-Lay. The Project Drive was a great example of it. And even our North American beverage profitability in a way is a function of how they are intelligently managing both their product portfolio and trade spending. So with that, let me turn to Hugh to talk about your second question about Venezuela.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, Judy, in terms of year-to-date, Venezuela is worth about 2 points in our numbers. And in terms of going forward into the fourth quarter, when we talk about organic revenue growth, we are treating the deconsolidation as a structural change, so we will basically talk organic ex-Venezuela. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer of Cowen & Company.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Vivian.
Vivien Azer: My question has to do with your European segment and specifically your beverage volumes. I recognize that you are lapping a slightly easier compare. But it does look like your volumes inflected nicely, so I was hoping you could offer some color on the drivers of that. Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: We have a largely zero-calorie portfolio in Europe and parts of the country, parts of the region did well and there were parts where places like Russia we focused more on value than we did on volume, because in those markets weve got extraordinary inflation and weve got to make sure your price through to get the value up. In France, Germany, Turkey, we had very good beverage strength. And in countries like Russia, because of inflation, the market was tough. But those are all again, I come back to this notion of the portfolio management. In todays volatile environment, the biggest capability we, as a company, have to develop and we have is how we manage the portfolio intelligently to deliver a set of numbers for the company overall. And again managing the company for value share within a volume corridor and thats what weve been doing globally at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey, guys.
A - Indra Nooy: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hi. So I have two basic questions for you. One is when you look at your organic sales numbers there seems to be two things that are a little unexpected or weird. One is obviously that 33% Latin America pricing number and the second is the strong 3% volumes in NAB. So, on the former, can you just give us a little bit more detail about where that comes from? Was that really all Venezuela, how much was Argentina and when you deconsolidate Venezuela what does that pricing specifically number look like if Venezuela isn't in there? On the NAB, good volume numbers, it sounds like a lot of that was stills. Can you give us a breakdown on volume growth between stills and CSDs, so that's question one? The second question is --
Indra Nooyi: Let's get the question one answered. Go ahead.
Hugh Johnston: So Ali, two things on that. Ex-Venezuela, Latin America was up 9% and number two, regarding your question on breakdown on volumes, the 3% of overall volume growth, CSDs were down 1.9, non-carbs or stills as you call them were up almost 10%. And then within CSDs, regulars were down 1 and diets were down 6.5.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. So super helpful on that one. In terms of the second question, love to hear how you guys are thinking about the potential implications of ABI/SAB to the PepsiCo business. So PepsiCo obviously including the Brazil bottling, what might happen there, how are you guys thinking about that, because youre joint purchasing with ABI. This is no longer kind of rumors or speculations. You guys have clearly done, you usually do good analytics, good math on thinking through the implications here for you guys?
Indra Nooyi: Great question, but we don't comment or speculate on these matters, as it relates to specific bottlers, customers and suppliers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz from Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: A couple of questions on the US, just to sort of drill a little deeper on some previous questions. So do you still think the US bottling assets are strategic long-term assets and how far are you from having them fully optimized?
Indra Nooyi: Bill, as I mentioned earlier on my comments regarding North American beverages, today more than ever, the portfolio is shifting to non-carbs. Innovation is becoming more fragmented and the life cycle of innovation is being shorter and the trade becoming more and more complex. Having control of the manufacturing and distribution systems becomes critical.  And when we have independent bottlers, having them aligned is even more critical and I'll tell you based on our recent North American bottling meeting, Al Carey and the team did a brilliant job and the system is more aligned than I've ever seen before. So I think these bottling assets are strategic and as I said earlier, this is a journey. As the marketplace evolves, we have to keep evolving and optimizing our bottling assets. We've done a lot with the manufacturing assets. As we mentioned, the capacity  weve taken out 23% of the capacity, utilization is up. Were looking at consolidating large format and small format routes and reducing the number of routes by 15%. As equivalent of GES or Geo Box as our beverage guys call it, get implemented. We too start thinking about different ways to leverage the distribution system. So its a journey and its a very, very good team and they are doing the right things to focus on revenue management, trade spending segments, marketing, innovation, training the portfolio, intelligent pricing. So I think we are in a good place in North American beverages.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Indra, so my question to come back to North American beverages, specifically carbonated soft drinks. So profit growth in NAB has been outstanding this year. From a market share perspective, Indra, youve often spoken in the past about managing that market share within a corridor. And as I look at the Nielsen data, it looks like you guys have been losing share within CSDs, not just on a four-week, 12-week, but over the past year and I'm just curious, number one, if you're comfortable with the share position now or if at some point, more investment is needed here whether that's innovation, whether this is trade spend, et cetera. So any comments there with respect to your carbonated soft drink trends here will be helpful? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: We're happy with where we are right now and the portfolio is working Kevin. That's the most important thing. When the marketplace starts shifting more towards non-carbs, weve got to make sure that we step up our investment in non-carbs, our innovation in non-carbs, which is really what we've been doing.  And in case of CSDs, there has been a small share loss, but if you look across the portfolio, margin is doing exceedingly well. We are doing very well in small format. Anyway to the question, I think that we've really been working the portfolio to make sure that talent management, price back management, trade management, innovation management and overall portfolio management work to deliver overall LRB share increase. And that's really what we are focused on. I think focusing just on CSDs is actually a thing of the past and I would strongly suggest everybody looks at total LRB, because that's the right way to look at the market going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Marshall of Barclays.
Bill Marshall: Now, your last comment notwithstanding, I do have a question on carbonated soft drinks, just from a qualitative perspective, obviously youve made the switch to aspartame-free on diet Pepsi. So Im just curious what the consumer reaction has been to the move? And then broadening that out into other sweetener technology and youve used Stevia in some cases, just where we should look at how this is developing and how the consumer is reacting to these new products? Thank you
Indra Nooyi: Bill, it's too early to tell you exactly how the consumer is reacting, because our belief is that youve got to wait a few cycles to see what the purchase repeat adoption cycle is. So at the end of Q4, when we go into next year, we might be able to give you some more information, but at this point, it's way too early to talk about how aspartame-free is performing in the marketplace. And in terms of new sweetness, all the information is out there in the marketplace. We've been talking about it. I don't see a zero calorie naturally sweetened CSD on the horizon in the next few years, but if you want to talk about low-calorie naturally sweetener beverages, I think combination of sweeteners, tools, techniques, we have probably the best portfolio of development tools to enable that to happen.  It may not always be in CSDs, but it will be a part of it in non-carbs, part in CSDs and youll start seeing these innovations roll out as we speak. I mean, weve rolled out a couple of products this year in Manzanita Sol and Mug with somebodys tools. Youll start seeing more of that as next year rolls by.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS.
Steve Powers: So Frito-Lay volumes were a bit better and I think some investors fear they might be just based on the standard data trends. So is there any light you can shine on that related to maybe sell-in versus sellout timing or strength in outside the track channels for example, foodservice, that's my first question. And then, Indra, longer term, picking up on your commentary surrounding productivity, as you look forward over the next four years of your current program, how do you see that balance between efficiency and effectiveness contributing to the next 4 billion? Is it split, is it skewed one way or another and then within the efficiency bucket, do the drivers remains supply chain restructuring and smart spending or are there other initiatives on the horizon that we should be thinking about? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: In fact, I'm going to take the productivity question. I am going to have Hugh talk about the Frito-Lay volume issue. I think on productivity going forward, the next four years, again year-by-year, it varies. As all of these programs, you can measure the efficiency program more directly on productivity and the effectiveness you see it more on the top line and you see it in pricing. That's how you get the pricing is a function of how we implement all of the effectiveness programs.  So its much harder to isolate the effectiveness part of productivity, but I will tell you the way we measure it is in top line growth and the kind of pricing we get, so that's where it should manifest itself and now the algorithm is talking about mid-single-digit revenue growth and given todays extremely turbulent environment, I think effectiveness oriented productivity program is whats going to allow us to deliver that mid-single digit growth. Let's talk about Frito-Lay volumes. Hugh, if you want to take that one?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Steve, happy to. Absolutely, we did see volumes in Frito-Lay a little bit stronger than I think what analysts were generally expecting and what they were interpreting based off of the scan data. I think the reason for that is convenient source. Were particularly strong in Frito-Lay. We saw volume growth in C stores for the quarter of 4.5% and that channel tends to be tracked a little bit less closely. It's about 20% of Fritos business. So I think that probably accounts for the data difference.  More broadly, I think the important point here is project drive, which has obviously suppressed volumes to some degree is going on very successfully. As Indra mentioned earlier, from a revenue management perspective, it's yielding the results we expected and in addition to that and strategically more importantly, the household penetration on Lays is going up and frankly that was the goal of project drive and it is working for us quite successfully. Obviously, we've got a couple of more quarters of overlaps to work through in terms of the volume impacts, but we feel very, very good about project drive right now.
Indra Nooyi: So with that, thank you all for your questions. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our year-to-date results. We are confident that our plans are working and that we will deliver on our financial targets for 2015. I want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning and more importantly for the confidence youve placed in us. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude PepsiCos third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - SVP, IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Hugh Johnston - EVP and CFO
Analysts: John Faucher - JP Morgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Bill Marshall - Barclays Kevin Grundy - Jefferies Rob Ottenstein - Evercore Caroline Levy - CLSA Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Steve Powers - UBS Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you and good morning. Joining me on the call today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off the call this morning with prepared remarks, and then turn to Q&A.  As we begin the call, it's important to note the following. We will make forward-looking statements on this call. Any forward-looking statement inherently involves risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from current predictions and expectations. Information on such risks can be found in today's earnings release and our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss results using non-GAAP measures and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations on our web site under the Investors section in the Events and Presentations tab. Beginning with the third quarter of 2015, PepsiCo will realign certain of its reportable segments as you saw in this morning's press release. And within the next 30 days, PepsiCo expects to provide reclassified summary segment reporting for 2013 and 2014 and the first two quarters of 2015 to reflect the company's new structure. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning everyone. We are very pleased with our performance in the quarter. Organic revenue grew 5.1%, with Global Snacks up 8% and Global Beverages up 2%. Core gross margin improved 115 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit grew 8% and core constant currency EPS grew 11%. Based on the strength of the quarter, our overall first half results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year of core constant currency 2015 EPS growth outlook to 8%. Our businesses are performing well, both in the top line and bottom line. PepsiCo America's beverages had an outstanding quarter. 3% organic revenue growth translated to 10% core currency operating profit growth. Frito-Lay North America delivered another quarter of very strong results, with organic revenue up 3% and core constant currency operating profit up 7%. And our developing and emerging markets delivered 11% organic growth in the quarter, revenue growth, despite the ongoing volatility in many regions of the world. Looking across some of our key D&E markets, our businesses continue to prove resilient. Turkey and Saudi Arabia achieved double digit organic revenue growth. China, Egypt and the Philippines achieved high single digit organic revenue growth and Mexico achieved mid-single digit organic revenue growth. Now I assume you have had a chance to read the release this morning. So rather than go through the numbers in detail by segment or country, what we will do in this call and going forward is to give you an update and provide a bit more detail on each of our big initiatives to drive performance, namely innovation supported by sensible brand management, flawless execution, self-sustaining productivity, prudent capital allocation, and talent renewal in management. But today we will focus primarily on innovation and touch briefly on the others. And on future calls, we will highlight one of each of the other initiatives. So let me begin with innovation. Our innovation success today is the result of significant investments in and changes to our innovation research and development capabilities and processes that began about eight years ago. At that time, we were in an extremely decentralized organization, operating as a loose confederation of geographic business units, with each largely driving its own development agenda and establishing their own processes. Development is focused largely on product line extension, and that structure, while effective in its time, led to less efficient use of resources with redundant projects often being undertaken in different parts of the world and suboptimal resource allocation to the most promising ideas. As a result, much of our innovation lacked staying power. In part, this had to do with the quality of our innovation, but it also had to do with our inability to appropriately incubate innovation in the marketplace. And to address these opportunities, we undertook a major transformation to improve our R&D function and innovation capabilities. Specifically, we established global category groups charged with coordinating global innovation. This resulted in a more focused innovation agenda, a greater emphasis on development platforms, rather than product line extensions only, and more efficient allocation of development resources, as we have significantly reduced redundant efforts through better coordination. Two, we globally adopted the proprietary Demand Moments framework, originally developed at Frito-Lay North America. The framework focuses on the triggers of consumption by examining consumer needs based on the context of the occasion. This created much stronger linkage between consumer and shopper insights in the R&D functions, and has led to our innovation being more incremental to top line growth.  Three, we implemented a common discipline-staged gear process to gain better visibility into multiyear pipeline of R&D projects, to allocate resources to the most promising ideas and new platforms, and to ensure a better balance of refresh, reframe and breakthrough innovation. Four, to facilitate more rapid lift and shift of our more successful innovation launches from one market to another. We provided our businesses with better visibility into new products and their performance around the globe. Five, we increased our investment in R&D starting in 2008. In fact, from 2011 to 2014 alone, our investment in R&D has increased almost 40%. Next, more recently, we established a design capability, capped at world class design talent. Increasingly, they are involving design in the early stages of innovation, taking into account the entire purchase to consumption cycle, to create truly memorable experiences for our consumers. And lastly, we are using reverse engineering, leveraging our learnings and developing in emerging markets, to yield the benefits of thinking more holistically about low cost design of new products, packaging and equipment, without sacrificing quality. We are pleased with the progress we have made across all these fronts and the tangible results we see. Innovation as a percentage of total revenue reached 9% in 2014, an improvement of over 150 basis points compared to two years ago. Three, PepsiCo products received the 2015 Nielsen Breakthrough Innovation Awards. This award recognizes the most successful and enduring new CPG products launched in the U.S. in 2013. PepsiCo was the only company to receive multiple awards this year. And over the past three years, we have introduced a number of new products that have achieved or are on pace to achieve more than $100 million each in annual retail sales, including Tostitos Cantina, Mountain Dew Kickstart, Doritos-Cheetos fun multipack mix, and Gatorade Fierce Blue Cherry and Frost Glacier Cherry. More recently, we are successfully using premium innovation within key categories to capture more price realization, to relaunch Caleb's Kola and launched DEWshine, a craft premium soda inspired by Mountain Dew's brand roots in the backwoods of Tennessee. We are also innovating in packaging, capitalizing on the success of our consumer engaging, Lay's Do Us A Flavor campaign. We launched Lay's Summer Days campaign, encouraging fans to create custom digital packs of Lay's potato chips, featuring photos of your favorite summer moments to share with friends and family on social media. Adding excitement to this experience, 10,000 lucky fans will receive a real life customized bag of Lay's Classic Potato Chips, featuring the photo they digitally submitted, offering consumers personalized packaging for the first time in the brand's history. We are also capitalizing on consumer health and wellness demand. As consumers are embracing almond milk and other plant-based proteins as an alternative to traditional dairy milk, Naked Juice has launched two new nut milks, Berry Almond Nut Milk and Peachy Almond Nut Milk. And in Quaker Foods North America, our new Quick Cook Steel Cut innovation has propelled us to the number one market position in the on-trend and growing Steel Cut Oatmeal segment by making preparation much more convenient. Channel focus innovation is advancing our food service business. We are launching a new line of craft soft drinks called Stubborn Soda in fountain this summer. The Stubborn lineup includes unique and contemporary takes on traditional craft flavors. Flavors include Black Cherry Tarragon, Lemon Berry Acai, Agave Vanilla Cream, and Pineapple Cream. They contain no high fructose corn syrup and are made with fair trade certified cane sugar and natural flavors. And of course we have continued to refresh and reframe our key brands to maintain a high level of consumer engagement and excitement. Now innovation has also contributed to good market share performance in the second quarter in the United States, and I believe our results are impressive. We held LRB value share, while delivering strong net price realizations. We gained value share across important subcategories, including sports drinks and ready-to-drink tea. Gatorade share of sports drinks surpassed 80%. Mountain Dew gained 40 basis points of value share within the CSD category in Q2. in fact, if you add Kickstart, DEWshine and Baja and Sangrita Blast together, it represents more than two points of CSD value share in the most recent four week period, placing our recent Mountain Dew innovation by itself as a fourth largest flavored CSD behind base Mountain Dew, Dr. Pepper and Sprite. In Q2, we grew retail sales in measured channels in the U.S. For regular colas and Mountain Dew within CSD, for Gatorade, Lipton Tea and Naked Juice within our non-carb portfolio. And at Frito-Lay we have a value share in savory snacks, and in Quaker Foods, we gained value share in key categories, hot and ready-to-eat cereals, while expanding gross margin and stepping up advertising and marketing at the same time. And our innovation is driving growth for our retail partners as well. In the second quarter, PepsiCo was once again the largest contributor to U.S. retail sales growth among all food and beverage manufacturers, with over $400 million of retail sales growth in all major channels. This was more than two times the next largest contributor to growth, and represented more growth than the next 14 largest manufacturers combined. Notably, North American beverages was a key driver of U.S. retail sales growth within PepsiCo, and the largest contributor to U.S. retail sales growth on a standalone basis. Our intention is to continue to invest in innovation, build upon our already strong capability base and further sharpen our holistic innovation process to drive greater growth for our customers, create compelling products for our consumers and ultimately, increase the contribution of new products to our total revenue. So that's the story on innovation. Turning now to execution; we have ramped up our execution focus across the value chain from seed to shelf. We have established clear consistent performance metrics to track and benchmark the effectiveness and efficiency of every one of our core value driving activities, from safety to manufacturing utilization to transport efficiency to promotional display execution. You know, execution is a never ending journey, as there will always be an opportunity to raise the game of the below average performance, be it at manufacturing lines [ph] or DSD routes. But we are seeing solid execution and steady improvement across the enterprise, and this is translating to good market based performance and financial results. Turning now to productivity and disciplined capital allocation. As you know, we have a goal of delivering $5 billion in productivity savings over five years from 2015 to 2019, which is approximately $1 billion per year. Our current program follows a similarly aggressive three-year $3 billion program that we successfully concluded in 2014, and overall our productivity initiatives are driving meaningful results. Over the three years ending in 2014, despite adverse ForEx, we've realized a $1 billion of annual productivity savings, net revenue per employee is up 10% and EBIT per employee is up 9%. And since 2012, gross margins have consistently expanded. Similarly, our capital allocation discipline is yielding meaningful results. From year end 2011 to the second quarter of 2015, net CapEx as a percentage of net revenue has improved from 4.9% to 4.1% on a rolling four quarter basis, and this 80 basis point reduction equates to approximately $500 million in incremental annual free cash flow. And since 2012, through the second quarter of 2015, core net ROIC has improved by 310 basis points to 18.4% on a rolling four quarter basis. And finally, people renewal and development; this is an area that I and the board spend a lot of time on. Our focus is twofold here; making sure we have the right leaders in place today, and that we are developing the next two generations of leadership for the company. And as all of you know, good talent management does not happen in short burst. It requires taking a long term view and very detailed analytical planning. As a core of our people renewal and management plan, we have to focus on the 200 critical leadership roles in our company. These are the roles that are most important to our success, and that provides the greatest experiential development for our executives. For each of these roles, we have developed a pipeline that ensures that we have at least one immediate successive candidate; two people in a one to three year timeframe; and then another three people ready, four to six years out. As a result of this process, we are deliberately developing top talent, by giving them multiple category, geography and job experiences and ensuring we have well developed succession plan. The other priority we have is ensuring that we have the right balance of home grown talent, that we augment our talent pool from time to time, with exceptional executives that we recruit from outside the company, and I believe our plans are working. When we have had executive transitions, both planned and unplanned, they have been smooth and well coordinated. And as we look at our current leadership, you will find that executive have had very broad critical experiences within PepsiCo over many years across functions geographies and categories, people like Tom Greco, Al Carey, Sanjeev Chadha, Ramon Laguarta and Hugh Johnston. And folks that we brought into PepsiCo later in their careers to augment our skill base and stretch our thinking. People like Mehmood Khan, Laxman Narsimhan, and Tony West. And we are grooming our next generation of leadership, by giving them critical experiences. People like Mike Spano, who runs our China operations; or Eugene Willemsen and Brian Newman, whose promotions we announced last night. So to conclude, we are pleased with our financial performance for the first half of 2015, and with the progress we have made across our valued driving initiatives. Clearly, there are a number of macro challenges around the world, but we believe we have the right strategies and programs in place, to enable us to continue to navigate successfully through the current environment. The construction of our product and geographic portfolios enable us to continue to deliver strong results. In part, because our balanced portfolio creates a natural hedge against the global macro and political volatility that has become the new normal. And all of this bolsters our confidence in our ability to continue to achieve our financial target. So with that, let me turn the call over to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Great, thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Turning directly to guidance; as Indra mentioned, based on the strength of our first half results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 8% from 7% previously. Our other targets remain unchanged. For the full year 2015, we continue to expect mid-single digit organic revenue growth, core operating margin expansion as organic top line growth, and productivity, should offset negative geographic mix and commodity inflation, which incorporates the impact of transaction related foreign exchange headwinds, and approximately $1 billion of productivity settings. Below the division operating line, we continue to expect corporate costs to be lower, a core tax rate of approximately 25%, and a reduced share count. We expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings per share growth by approximately nine and 11 percentage points respectively, based on current market consensus rates. Our outlook for the year assumes translation of our VIM [ph] as well the results, at the SICAD rate of 12.8 bolivars per U.S. dollar. Should circumstances dictate use of a higher rate, this would also negatively impact our U.S. dollar results. Taking our 2014 core EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance in current market consensus of foreign exchange impact, implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.49.  As you model up the third quarter, I'd ask you to consider the following; foreign exchange translation should have an approximate 11 point unfavorable impact on the third quarter net revenue growth and approximately 12 point unfavorable impact on third quarter core EPS growth, based on current market consensus rates. And we expect the profit decline in QFNA, as we left last year's gain on the sale of the cereal business. Below the division Operating Profit line, net interest expense is expected to continue to increase in the third quarter versus last year, driven by higher interest rates and net debt balances, and our tax rate in the third quarter is expected to be higher than the third quarter of 2014. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow of more than $7 billion. We expect our capital allocation discipline to continue to drive core ROIC improvement. This is building on the steady progress we have made in ROIC, with core net ROIC up 310 basis points from 2012 to 18.4% through the second quarter of 2015 on a rolling four quarter basis. And consistent with prior outlook, we expect to return between approximately $8.5 billion and $9 billion to shareholders in 2015, through both dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, our previously announced 7% dividend per share increase, commenced with the June payment. Our annualized dividend is now $2.81, an approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2014 core EPS. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increases and our annualized dividends per share have grown at 10% compound annual rate over the past 10 years. So to summarize; our core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2015 has improved from our last call, and free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders remain top priorities for the company. With that operator, we will take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Faucher of JP Morgan.
John Faucher: Thanks. Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning John.
John Faucher: Good morning Indra. Two quick questions here; one, can you just give us a little bit of the rationale in terms of the merger at the Latin American Food and Beverage businesses? I just sort of -- the regions -- need to manage the regions? And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about the Frito volume, which was a little bit light relative to trends? Anything in particular going on there? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Let me talk a bit about the Latin American merger. We have seen success in Europe and AMEA with all of the power of one management of those regions. We are able to get more productivity takeout costs, and especially with volatile economies, we have to get more and more agile and more creative about how to take out costs. And its not just costs within our system, John; I think even with our bottling partners, there is an opportunity to cooperate and figure out how not to duplicate efforts between the two companies. And we are seeing those initiatives pay off in AMEA and Europe, and we decided now is the time to do it in Latin America. We are in the middle of a major productivity program in Latin American Foods, and integrating Latin American beverages with foods, gives us that much more of a cost base to work with. Lastly, given the volatility of those economies there, I think it's very important to really become a lean mean machine there, in order to take the sales and reinvest it to grow the top line. So that's Latin America. Second is on the Frito volume. Again, we watched the Frito performance very carefully as does Tom Greco and the Frito team. In our potato chip business, we were going through a revenue management program, and that revenue management program is actually yielding good revenue growth, and improving topline growth and profitability for our retailers. And one of the results of the revenue management program is that, it is going to impact volume, because the price-backed [ph] architecture shifts some of the volume to certain bag sizes, which impacts volume in the short term. But over the long term, its the right thing for the business. So I'd let it play out through the balance of the year, then look at our results in 2016.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Just two quick ones; first, in terms of exchange rate, Hugh, you mentioned Venezuela; and if you were to move to the SIMADI rate, what would the impact for that be on the year, and how will that affect the guidance that you have given for currencies?
Indra Nooyi: I mean, Hugh is going to take that.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to do that, Bryan. As you all know, we have provided pretty extensive disclosures in our 10-Qs and 10-K on the question. In the Q that we intend to file after today's market close and consistent with past Qs, you will see that Venezuela represents approximately 2% of our revenue and operating profit. We also have net monetary assets of approximately $335 million, and non-monetary assets of approximately $725 million. Now, if we were to take all of that and go to SIMADI, Venezuela would then represent 0% or very slightly above 0% of our revenue and operating profits. So it's roughly a 2% hit on both revenue and operating profit. We have a charge of approximately $325 million related to the net monetary assets. It will also likely lead to an impairment of our non-monetary assets. Now the one thing for investors to consider on this is, from an economic standpoint, this really would not represent a big impact on PepsiCo, given that Venezuela is largely a self-sufficient, self-funding operation. We are not putting any capital to speak of in the country, and we have not been able to redeploy any of our Venezuela cash outside of Venezuela. So from the perspective of cash flow and cash management, it would not have a meaningful impact on cash returns.
Bryan Spillane: So that 2% effect on operating income though would be above and beyond the guidance that you have given this morning, in terms of the 11% currency hit to EPS for the year, is that right?
Hugh Johnston: That's correct. Right now, what we are assuming for the balance of year on Venezuela is 12.8, because that was the recent SICAD option, which was a pretty robust option. But if we did make the move to SIMADI, the impact would be that much more significant.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just one other question I guess, thinking about the back half of the year. Just seems like, the first half has come in better than expected, and with organic sales at mid-single digits, it seems like there has just been a better operating leverage here, or again, the currency neutral operating profit has been better. So in the second half, why -- just some higher level thoughts in terms of why that doesn't continue in the second half? Is there something you are seeing on the commodity cost front? Is the flow of productivity savings? Just something that sort of raises that flag for the back half of the year, that you won't continue to kind of see the current growth? Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: I think there is three things I'd remind you of in that regard, Bryan. Number one, the back half lapse, particularly Q4 -- both Q3 and Q4 are more challenging than the first half overlap. So we are certainly facing more of an uphill for growth in the back half of the growth. Number two, you are correct, commodities are more of a headwind in the back half of the year than they were in the first half of the year. And number three, again recall, certainly based on what we are seeing in the news these days, the world remains a very volatile place. We have big businesses in the Middle East; we have big businesses in Russia. And as we model things out, we obviously try to ensure that we give investors appropriate guidance, at least incorporating some of that volatility. So we are not assuming the perfect sunny day going forward as well. So that's what goes into our thinking, as you look at the so-called squeeze chart between the first half and the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: Hi, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning.
Bill Schmitz: Couple of questions. The first one is, is there a price war going on in snacks, especially in the U.K.? because I look at some of the market share trends, it seems like the categories are in a lot of pressure, and Pringles and Kelloggs are getting pretty aggressive. I know it's not a huge business, but I just wonder, how far that travels across Europe, and what the competitive response has been? And I have a follow-up.
Indra Nooyi: I wouldn't call it a price war. I just think that the retail environment in the U.K. remains interesting. There is -- the high street retailers are going through their own set of challenges. You have got the entry of the discounters. All of that is closing. The entire competitive situation in the U.K. to be reset. And being one of the major food and beverage companies in the U.K. and the largest salty snack company in the U.K., I think we have to be careful how we make our transition with the high street retailers and the discounters. And so in the short term, we did lose some share. But we have plans in place to recover that share and somehow navigate through these retail environment changes. Again Bill, I tell you, around the world, as we see major changes in the retail environment, always in the short term, there will be some dislocation, because we have to make changes in the business model very-very carefully.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Marshall of Barclays.
Bill Marshall: Hey, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning.
Bill Marshall: I am just curious. So the syndicated data in June across a lot of categories looked a little tough. I think most have come to the conclusion that may be that was a little bit weather related. I am curious, if you could update us on what you are seeing in the market, and then specifically if you had any comments, kind of into the July 4th Holiday, how both of your beverage and snacks portfolio as we are doing on a volume and price perspective?
Indra Nooyi: I think from our perspective, our numbers look fine. I mean, we have got good price utilization. There were some weather related issues in some parts of the country. But I think overall, we are feeling pretty good about our results.
Hugh Johnston: Absolutely Bill. To some degree, I think there is some bifurcation between what's happening in the center of the store, and what's happening on the perimeter. But from the perspective of the categories we participate in, with the exception of center of the store, where we saw Quaker category slow down a little bit; most of our categories are robust and saw pretty good growth across the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: So two quick ones for you. First with respect to North American carbonated soft drinks and broadly in the industry. And given the recent pricing discipline which has taken hold, my question is, given this dynamic, how materially does this change your view, with respect to North American carbonated soft drink profit pool, and do you see mid-single digit growth now, as sort of more sustainable here looking out, not just this year, but longer term? And then as sort of a follow-up speaking with North American beverages, can you give us an update Indra, on Diet Pepsi and the change to the formulation there your competitors are not following? And how you're thinking about that, how you're defining success there with that product? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: In terms of the North American CSD pricing -- look, we have been talking about disciplined pricing for a long time; I'd say couple of years. I am glad that there is disciplined pricing in the marketplace right now. And there is lot more innovations in the market basically from our end. And look, we are going to keep playing our game; we are going to focus on disciplined pricing, good revenue management, put CSD innovation out in the marketplace. And ultimately, it depends on the competitive situation, what the profit pool is in this whole CSD business, or the North American beverage business in totality. But we believe this is the right way to participate and play in this very-very important and large segment. In terms of Diet Pepsi; big business. And I think for some reason which we cannot really explain, as with the Enchilada [ph] flavor with some consumers. And from our perspective, we just want to make sure we have an offering for all of the consumers who want to switch out of aspartame. And we have formulated a very-very good product, which is aspartame free, and will be available in the market starting in late August. So for all of those consumers who are looking for an alternative, to an aspartame sweetened diet product, we will have a product. And for those consumers, who still love Diet Pepsi with aspartame, we will figure out how to make it available online. So I think, this is a consumer driven strategy to offer all of the Diet lovers, a diet cola that's aspartame free.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning.
Rob Ottenstein: Very impressive introductions on the innovation front and progress there. So wondering if you could give us a little bit more granularity on the impact to the topline, both in terms of volume and price mix that you're getting from innovation?
Indra Nooyi: I'd say that, innovation has allowed us to get lot more price mix -- pricing realization in particular. Something that's very-very important in today's environment. And its -- product packaging process innovation, but we are also spending a lot of time on revenue management. I mean, really thinking through portion sizes, pack sizes, and I think this combination of interesting products coming to the marketplace and interesting packages in interesting combinations of packages, it's what's resulting in incrementality on the revenue side and actually resulting in higher profit flowthrough. And we are seeing it across carbonated soft drinks, I mean, whether its DEWshine or Baja Blast or any of those products, and we are seeing it even in Europe and Russia and Latin America and AMEA, where I'd say, creative revenue management tactics, coupled with innovation that cuts through the clutter is resulting in flow-through to the bottom line. Again, I think in these environments, the focus should be on revenue and profit, not necessarily on volume growth. We focus more on unit growth, revenue and profit in these environments, because a change for volume, results in the whole business hurting. So I think the revenue management unit growth, value growth, and profit is what we focus on, and that's what our innovation efforts are yielding today, the almost 10%, I think the high 9s are innovation performances. Something that is a significant step-up, and we keep watching that metric very-very carefully.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy: Good morning. Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Caroline.
Caroline Levy: Good morning Indra. Question on the -- it is actually talk of Russia putting an advertising ban I guess on sugar drinks and fatty foods and things like that. And in the context of that, I am just wondering, if you see increased regulatory risk to your food or beverage business around the globe, and what you think the impact might be, for example, in Russia, and how you would handle that?
Indra Nooyi: Caroline, we were among the first people to recognize this risk, and we have been retooling our portfolio, to make sure that, first of all we have a diverse portfolio that can weather any sort of action on any part of our portfolio. But we are also in constructive conversations with governments, to make sure there aren't any discriminatory taxes or discriminatory action on any of our categories. Having said that, on Russia in particular, it is perhaps the most diverse portfolio of any part of our company between berry and juices and ranks ranging from fun-for-you to good-for-you, and beverages. This is actually a small portion of our business in Russia. And so if you want to use an example of the most diverse portfolio of doing fun-for-you, better-for-you and good-for-you is skewing towards good-for-you, I think it's our Russia portfolio. So we feel good about Russia so far, and we all wish there weren't any geopolitical issues to deal with from a Russian perspective, but our business is doing well, and the economy has been good to us, and the Russian business environment has been good for us. So we like it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel.
Mark Swartzberg: Morning Indra, Morning Hugh. I was wondering if we could talk a little bit more about procurement specifically in that larger $5 billion productivity aim. Can you give us a bit of an update on -- to what extent that number is included in the $5 billion and how you're leveraging your global scale. And whether if at all, these changes in the reporting structure, particularly Latin America, have any influence on how you go after procurement savings of the global entity?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh, go ahead.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, I am happy to take that one Mark. The entity question is actually quite straightforward. We don't include procurement savings as a part of productivity. Productivity is focused on the operating cost structure, not on the commodity and procurement cost structure. The way we report procurement savings is, we share with you all a net commodity inflation number, so that includes gross commodity inflation, less whatever we can do in terms of managing, what we call value engineering, so managing our commodities to a lower cost through more efficient packaging, trading different types of juices, and things like that. So the $5 billion number does not include any savings from procurement at all. That's all captured in net commodity inflation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS.
Steve Powers: Yes hi, good morning. I was actually hoping you could just talk us through personnel and segmentation decisions that you announced alongside today's results. Obviously, congrats to you Hugh, but could you maybe also provide a little more color on the other people movements that were highlighted, and then also a bit broader window into your thinking on the resegmentation? I think it makes sense to bring Latin America in line with Europe and Asia, as you have mentioned, an increased visibility into North American beverages is welcome, at least from my perspective. But I love your broader perspective on it as well. Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Steve, I will tell you, one of the things we did some time ago, is really sit back from the world and say, how should we think about groups of countries and clusters of operations that make sense? And based on all the work we did, basically the world broke out into eight clusters\; North America is cluster one, Western Europe is the next developed market with cluster two; three was Latin America; four was Russia and East Europe; five is Middle East and North Africa; cluster six was the Indian subcontinent; seven was China and the whole Pacific Rim; and cluster 8 was Sub-Sahara Africa. So those were the eight clusters. And North America is so big, that grouping it together and not providing visibility into the pieces didn't make sense. So we have kept North America separate in terms of North American beverages and Frito-Lay and Quaker being so different. But all other clusters, we just cleaned it up. Cluster three is Latin America, we put it together, and Sub-Sahara Africa, we had the snacks business of South Africa and Simba reporting into Europe, and beverages reporting to our Asia and Middle East sector, we just cleaned it up. So the segment changes that we reported, were a clean-up of these clusters, so that we can think of cluster strategies. So that's the first one, and more and more strategic thinking and designs of the future are based on how do we establish and grow our positions in each of these clusters. And more importantly, how do we get more productive working across our partners within each of the clusters. That's what we have been focused on. So the last two got cleaned up. In terms of personnel changes, as I talked to you earlier in my strips, talent management is something that the board and I are focused on a lot. I mean, our phenomenal board, spends a lot of time thinking through succession for the top couple of hundred jobs. And one of the things we always looked at is, where is that bright talent across the company that should be lifted up, so that they can be part of a succession process in the company. And every time we get an opportunity, we figure out ways to lift them up, in order to stretch people, in order to really build exciting talent for the future, and that's what the most recent changes enabled us to do. And just to give you an idea, let me start with Brian Newman, and I have worked with Brian now for 20 years, off and on. Brian started in corporate strategy, but then went to China, he went to Russia, he went to Spain, worked in European headquarters. Went to Canada, was the Treasurer of the Pepsi Bottling Group, and both Hugh and I have been mentoring him now for 20 years, Hugh? And now giving him this job with operations coupled with corporate strategy, allows him to get a whole perspective of the company across snacks and beverages, even though he has worked in it for a while. And here is a person that speaks Mandarin Chinese, speaks multiple other languages, and just a very great executive to lift up. And we are looking for opportunities to do that, and with the departure of Anderson, gave us that opportunity. And Eugene likewise, he has been running the key partnership, but again a Dutch national who has worked in multiple countries, and truly global executive. Travels, 60%, 70% of his time in every part of the world. I remember, when he was running Turkey, he started to learn Turkish. Everywhere he goes, he becomes a national. And again a very exciting executive; and you will all get a chance to see these people in action, as we move along. And all of the people we are elevating, whether it's Laxman who is now going to be running Latin America. Ramon has got additional responsibilities in Europe. Sanjeev was running a gigantic geography. You will see all of them over the next few quarters. And of course you all know Al Carey and Tom Greco and Hugh very-very well. So I think that you will find that, what PepsiCo is doing is, just reinforcing the fact that they are a talent academy. And any company that's looking for talent always relates PepsiCo. So we have to constantly make sure that our best and brightest move up, and we keep them engaged and excited about the company. And that's my job, and the job of the board, and that's what we are doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Judy.
Judy Hong: So I had two questions. One, Indra, its just really more of a longer term kind of strategy questions as you think about your global snack business. You obviously have a very good business there, but in a world where skill is becoming increasingly important and you have got other macro-snacking categories that perhaps you may not be participating as actively, how do you think about accelerating really top line, as well as the profit growth, as you think about the global snack platform? It's really looking at integrated beverage and snack nationally is the answer, or can you really do something more with the platform? And then second question is, just really talking about your global e-commerce effort. It's not an easy opportunity for CPG companies, so can you just give us some perspectives on what efforts you have made already, and what are some of the opportunities as you think about over the next few years?
Indra Nooyi: Sure Judy. Interesting question, because I think in global snacks, we are in an interesting position; because our base is savory snacks, and we are a very-very strong player in savory snacks. First of all globally, we still have a lot of growth within savory snacks. We came from a salty crisp snack background, and we are expanding more and more into other savory snacks, be it crackers, be it nuts and seeds, we are expanding into those areas, there is lot of opportunity there. I see growth in global snacks along two dimensions. Dimension one is, a compliment to our snack, and that's what made us go into dips, because many of our snacks are consumed by themselves. Other times, your snacks serve as sort of a substrate upon which you can put on meal like products like our Sabra hummus or our Tostitos dips. So that's one vector to grow, and we still haven't scratched the surface, and we have got lots of growth. The other area is taking away eating occasions from other macro-snacks category. Its interesting, unlike beverages, in the case of snacks, we can go off and take eating occasions from other macro-snacks, be it cookies, or confectionery or chocolate. And our goal is to focus on what we are doing, but looking at our signs of demand spaces, which I talked about briefly, look at each eating occasion by cohort group, and figure out, how we can leverage our salty snack platform, to go after other macro snacks, be it -- replace it with a salty occasion, or do some sort of a salty-sweet combination, for example Stacy's with cinnamon sugar. It's based on a pita chip, but it's certainly sweet when you taste it, and has a much better mouth feel and experience, than if you eat something totally sweet by itself. At least, that's my perspective. So I think that, our growth is all about growing the core and then leveraging all of the other eating occasions, taking share away from other macro snacks, and other savory snacks. In addition, I think it's leveraging the beverage occasion to really figure out how to go into all retail outlets that beverages are in already; because beverages retail outlet, our penetration is much higher than snacks. And so if you leverage that retail base, it gives you lot more opportunities for growth. And internationally, we are leveraging in-store promotional displays a lot more. I mean, I was in the Middle East a few months ago, and I was just amazed to see the in-store display of Lay's and Pepsi; and again, with the shares of Pepsi that we have there, it is really a powerful in-store promotion that results in tremendous lifts. So the opportunities for growth, by itself and in combination with beverages, are pretty significant. So with that, let me turn to Hugh to talk about global e-commerce, because he is the leader of the global e-commerce activity. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Indra. I mean, global e-commerce to talk about in two minutes, is a bit of a challenge to say the least. I guess, I'd make just a couple of quick comments to start the dialog on that. Number one, global e-commerce can mean so many things, anywhere from just changing the way the product is ordered and picked, the so-called click-and-collect model, where people order online and then go pick up products at their local retail outlet, all the way through to in China, where the product is delivered significantly to door and in more and more proportions of the overall spend. Clearly, one of the leading areas, to the U.K., where you see retailers also doing a lot more delivery to the store, all the way through to new emerging players like the Blue Aprons of the world, who are actually sort of designing meal solutions, in effect filling demand moments for consumers by giving them an entire pre-packaged meal, which you see in some urban markets in the U.S. and starting to expand outside the U.S. as well. From the perspective of PepsiCo, we are looking at it two ways. Number one is, the existing products going through the existing channels, either current retailers or the traditional online retailers. And then second really, looking hard at demand moments and designing products that fit the e-commerce types of distribution channels and e-commerce types of consumers in a more tailored way. So that's sort of a very brief view towards what's happening in the e-commerce world. The biggest opportunity obviously is to be able to have more of a one-on-one relationship with those consumers than we have ever had in the past, through traditional linear TV advertising. I expect you will see a lot more from us in this regard, but that's probably the best two minutes that I can give in terms of what it is that we are doing right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: Hey guys.
Indra Nooyi: Hey Ali.
Ali Dibadj: Hi. Wanted a thought on volume versus price question that we heard about FLNA about, but wanted to hear more about Europe, and what really was driving that and if we are seeing any end in sight in terms of slower volumes there is the first question, in Europe specifically? And then the second one is, if you could help us, I guess, give some quantification for the buckets where the remaining cost cutting will be coming from? What the buckets are, how much? And if we were to talk to your employees at this point, would we hear any concerns that you are cutting too deeply into the organization from a cost perspective?
Indra Nooyi: Let me take the first one Ali. The thing I'd tell you is, Europe is a difficult economy, between east and the west, there is some sort of volatility there all the time. I think today, year-to-date, we are the best performing European CPG company, based on all the numbers we have looked at. If you combine east and west, or whether you look at them individually, both on the top line and the profit performance, we are performing the best. The challenge in Europe is, especially with Russia there, the high street battle in U.K. going on, I think it's very important, we play a very judicious game between revenue and profits. And we have been playing that game very-very carefully, and if you look at our year-to-date numbers, I won't look at it on a quarterly basis, I'd look at it on a year-to-date basis. I think on a year-to-date basis, we are performing at or above our expectations in Europe, and we feel comfortable with what the team is doing, and that's what we intend to keep doing for the balance of the year. And in terms of cost cutting opportunity, Hugh well you can talk about what other opportunities exist, but in terms of employees, look nobody likes cost cutting, everybody likes growth. I think we are one of those companies that are doing a wonderful balance of growing the top line and delivering productivity, and that's what we want to focus on. Swinging the pendulum too much to cost cutting, I don't think is a good idea at all, because it just jeopardizes the future of the company. So we look at opportunities to shrink the cost base and get more lean and mean, but without sacrificing our ability to innovate and grow; and that's really all I have to [indiscernible]. Do you want to add anything Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: No. I think you captured it well. The areas for cost cutting I think remain inside the manufacturing facilities, we are using automation where it makes more sense. Inside of the selling system, we are using technology to make our [indiscernible] system more productive, and inside of the G&A buckets, we are doing more combinations of shared services to create more efficiency in the way we delivered shared services to the organization. And Indra, to reiterate what you said, which is finding the right balance of driving productivity, reinvesting some in growth, and delivering some to the bottom line, is yielding results at brand building and innovation and taking some of that growth. Investing it back and driving more productivity and delivering some of that to the bottom line, is working well. I think we are in the sweet spot right now in terms of being able to deliver performance and it is a careful balance to manage.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning everyone and congrats Hugh. I guess the question is on cost savings, so clearly you have this $1 billion three year program over the next few years. But every meeting I go in with an investor or an industry conference, the word zero based budgeting comes up or the terms of a zero-based budgeting comes up. So I just wanted to get your perspective on that particular cost saving initiatives and if you're thinking about zero base budgeting at all within the business, in addition to the $1 billion program?
Indra Nooyi: We look at every opportunity to tighten our belts and become more efficient. As I said earlier, and as Hugh reiterated Nick, we are balancing top line and bottom line growth very-very judiciously. When you embark on a zero base budgeting program that costs to the bone, and jeopardizes your ability to grow the top line. I think that's a formula for disaster. We believe into the smart spending initiatives where we look across all of our cost structure, and see where we can selectively reduce costs, intelligently, not for the short term, but find a way to make sure it does not affect top line growth initiatives. So rest assured, that we look at every possible way to make our company more efficient, and I think we are -- as Hugh said, in the sweet spot of balancing investments against top line growth, and figuring out ways through automation, shared services, taking out work that's not needed, simplifying our processes, coordinating across the company, reducing our cost. And that's what we are focused on. And with that, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our results for the first half. We are confident that our plans are working and believe we are on the track to deliver our financial targets for 2015. I want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning, and more importantly for the confidence you have placed in us. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - VP, IR Indra Nooyi - CEO Hugh Johnston - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Caroline Levy - CLSA Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Marshall - Barclays  John Faucher - JPMorgan Mark Swartzberg  Stifel Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets Steve Powers - UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, Laurie. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off todays call with a review of our first quarter 2015 performance and full year outlook and then we will move on to Q&A. We recognize today is a busy earnings day with a number of other consumer and mega-cap companies reporting. So weve kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 08:45. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2015 guidance and our long-term targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. All references to free cash flow exclude certain items. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCos financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos Web site under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss todays results, please keep in mind that our first quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended March 21 for our North American operations and it is a short quarter for our international business reflecting the two months of January and February for most of our operations outside North America.  And finally, our core Q1 2015 earnings results include a $39 million pre-tax gain related to the refranchise of a portion of our India bottling operations. We also reported a pre-tax impairment charge of $65 million associated with our dairy joint venture during the quarter. And as you may recall, our Q1 2014 core earnings results included a $31 million pre-tax gain from the sale of certain agricultural assets in Europe.  And now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone. I am pleased with our performance in the first quarter of 2015. Our focus on innovation, brand building and marketplace execution funded in part by productivity initiatives continued to drive fundamental business performance.  In the first quarter, organic revenue grew 4.4% with Global Snacks up 7% and Global Beverages up 1.5%. And core gross margins improved by 150 basis points. Excluding the impairment charge and gains Jamie mentioned, core operating margin improved by 65 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit grew 11% and core constant currency EPS grew 16%. However foreign exchange headwinds persist. We have and will continue to take actions to manage through the current volatile macroeconomic environment by taking responsible pricing actions, tightly controlling costs and optimizing our global sourcing to minimize and mitigate the impacts of the current foreign exchange challenges.  I am particularly pleased with the level of effective pricing were achieving, especially in Global Beverages where we realized 3 points of effective net pricing. At the same time we will not let cyclical macroeconomic issues divert us from our focus to drive sustainable shareholder value creation. We intend to continue to invest across our markets and brands to generate organic revenue growth, drive greater efficiency and productivity, deliver attractive free cash flow and cash returns to shareholders and enhance our returns on invested capital.  The power of our the portfolio of products and brands and the strength of our geographic footprint have enabled us to consistently meet or exceed our financial goals and more importantly give us confidence in the future prospects of our business.  As you know, in June this year we celebrate the 50th anniversary of PepsiCo which is the coming together of PepsiCo and Frito-Lay. As we celebrate this milestone, we look back on our journey with price. In 1965, our annual revenue was $510 million. Today it stands over $66 billion. A $100 investment in PepsiCo stock in 1965 was worth nearly $43,000 at the end of 2014, a compound annual total shareholder return of over 13%, far outpacing the S&P 500. And the reason we performed so well is that throughout our history, we have delivered short term performance with a keen eye on the long term sustainability of our results. Weve done this because throughout the past half century, PepsiCo has made bold move to reshape our portfolio, build new capabilities and broaden our geographic footprint.  So today our portfolio is positioned well. Our annual net revenue is nearly split evenly between the US and countries outside the US. And just over half of our global revenue is derived from snacks, with the remainder from beverages. In aggregate, carbonated soft drinks comprised less than 25% of our 2014 total global revenue. And while we are proud to have the Pepsi name on the door, coolers represented less than 15% of our total revenue mix, and this speaks exactly to how weve transformed and will continue to transform our portfolio to address ever changing consumer needs and preferences.  And as you know weve also developed new capabilities to compete in a rapidly evolving global business environment. For example, we transformed our operating model to blend global scale leverage with locally focused execution and this has increased our ability to capture efficiencies, live and shift the best ideas and capabilities from PepsiCo teams around the world and win us a point of sale.  We embrace design as a core building block of our new product pipeline with innovation representing over 9% of our net revenue in 2014. Were very proud to report that three PepsiCo products have received the 2015 Nielsen Breakthrough Innovation Award. This award recognizes the most successful and enduring new CPG products launched in the US in 2013 and PepsiCo is also the only company to receive multiple awards this year.  Lastly, productivity is now part of our DNA with $1 billion in annual savings projected through 2019. These savings enable us to maintain or increase necessary investments in the business to drive strong organic revenue growth. And were always looking to reconceptualize our business to unlock even more productivity.  We are proud of the legacy results we are building this company on. So with that backdrop, lets take a look at how our business has performed. Starting with North America which again delivered strong results in an otherwise sluggish packaged food and beverage environment. In fact, in Q1 2015 PepsiCo was the largest contributor to US retail sales growth among all food and beverage manufacturers with over $300 million of retail sales growth in all major channels. This was nearly three times the next largest contributor to growth and represented more growth than the next 19 largest manufacturers combined. Notably, North American beverages was the key driver of US retail sales growth within PepsiCo and the largest contributor to US retail sales growth on a standalone basis.  Turning now to PepsiCo Americas beverages. We delivered organic revenue and core constant currency operating profit growth while holding US LRB value share. Our strategy has not wavered as we continue to manage the business responsibly with consistent positive price realization across the portfolio. Within the US, we gained value share across important sub-categories, including sports drinks and ready to drink tea. And we grew retail sales in measured channels in the US for regular colas and Mountain Dew in CSDs and for Gatorade Lipton Tea and Naked Juice within our non-carbonated footprint.  We were proud of PepsiCos execution at this years Super Bowl. We had over 60,000 integrated food and beverage displays merchandised at retail, up nearly 70% from the prior year. We also continue to invest in R&D to drive sustainable innovation. For example, we rolled out a newly designed Gatorade 20-ounce bottle which is a sleek contemporary design bottle that is built with improved ergonomics informed by athletes insights. Early results are promising with this package of innovation contributing to double-digit retail sales growth in regions that have converted with the new packaging.  Were also focused on health and wellness innovation. We recently introduced new Naked Juice flavors, including Chia Cherry Lime, Chia Sweet Peach and Bright Beat [ph] which offer delicious food and vegetables movies that pack a nutritional punch. And we launched Tropicana Farmstand Tropical Green, which is a great tasting green juice that has a full serving of fruits and vegetables in each 8-ounce glass with no added sugar.  Additionally we recently launched Mountain Dew Dewshine, a craft premium soda inspired by the brands roots in the backwoods of Tennessee. It is a clear citrus juice made with real cane sugar and packaged in clear glass bottles. Were also excited to report the new food service partnership with Umami Burger which was a Pepsi-Cola Mountain Dew and Sierra Mist, all made with real sugar at its 24 locations.  In addition, we entered into a new multi-year deal with Live Nation. We are the music companys official carbonated soft drink and bottled water partner and have exclusive pouring rights at 75 of Live Nations US event spaces. And were also pleased about our new multi-year food and beverage partnership with the National Basketball Association, Women's National Basketball Association, NBA Development League and USA Basketball beginning next season. As part of this expansive food and beverage partnership with the League, PepsiCo will leverage its Mountain Dew, Aquafina, Brisk, Doritos & Ruffles brands to engage NBA fans through PepsiCos world class sports marketing and high-profile activation. The partnership between the NBA and PepsiCo builds upon the Leagues relationship with Gatorade which is the NBAs longest standing partner.  Turning now to Frito-Lay North America, delivered another quarter of very strong results. Organic revenue grew 4% and core constant currency operating profit rose 7%. The US salty snacks category continued to show solid growth and Frito market share again posted steady sequential improvement supported by both volume growth and price realization. Our key brands had revenue growth, including particularly good performance from Lays, Doritos and Cheetos. And we continue to innovate.  We launched Cheetos Sweetos, the first ever sweet Cheetos in the US as well as Cheetos appetizers, Doritos Jacked 3D and [indiscernible]. Additionally our Lays Do Us A Flavor win in 2014, Lays Kettle Wasabi Ginger return to the shelves. Were also excited about the return of a highly successful Lays Do Us A Flavor consumer contest. Fans nationwide have submitted their ideas for the next great potato chip flavor for a chance to win $1 million grand prize and we will announce the four delicious finalist flavors this summer.  Quaker Food North America delivered commendable results despite continued challenges across central store food categories. During the quarter we gained or held value share in the US in all three of our key categories, Hot, Ready-To-Eat Cereal and Snack Bars while expanding gross margin at the same time. These value share gains are driven by innovation which includes the launch of Quaker 3 minutes Steel Cut Oats in the quarter. This product has the same hottie texture and nutty flavor as traditional steel cut oats but caters to the consumers needs for convenient products as the cook time is cut from 30 minutes to just 3 minutes. We also launched gluten free varieties of Quaker Popped Rice Crisps. And then turning to developing and emerging markets. Our business has delivered 10% organic revenue growth in the quarter despite all of the ongoing volatility in many regions of the world. Looking across some of our key DNA [ph] markets, our business continued to proved resilient with double-digit organic revenue growth in China and Turkey and mid single digit organic revenue growth in Mexico, Egypt and India.  So before I turn it over to Hugh, I want to highlight a few key points. As an operating company, we absolutely manage the things that are within our control: marketing, innovation, marketplace execution and productivity and we expect to continue to perform well in these areas. However we expect to face continued headwinds related to macros, in particular weak currencies in a number of our key markets and the impact of low oil prices in countries whose economies are highly dependent on energy. Obviously these are all products and sold but we adjust the business to weather through the challenges as best as we can by controlling costs, adjusting our raw material sourcing and executing pricing actions, and these steps contributed to our strong fundamental performance in Q1.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh? 
Hugh Johnston : Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Turning to guidance. For the full year 2015 we expect mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, core operating margin expansion as organic topline growth and productivity should offset negative geographic mix and commodity inflation, which incorporates the impact of higher than previously expected transaction related foreign-exchange headwinds and approximately $1 billion of productivity servings.  Below the division operating profit line, we continue to expect corporate cost to be lower, a core tax rate of approximately 25% and to reduce share count. As a result, we continue to expect 7% core constant currency earnings-per-share growth in 2015.  However given the continued strength in the US dollar, we now expect foreign-exchange translation to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings-per-share growth by approximately 10 and 11 percentage points respectively based on current consensus market rates. That compares to our initial outlook of 7 percentage points for each back in February. Keep in mind that while spot rates have shown improvement we use consensus rates in calculating our expected foreign-exchange impact and consensus rates have worsened for all of our key foreign currencies, including the Russian ruble, the Brazilian real, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso and the British pound.  Our outlook for the year assumes continued translation of our Venezuela results at the SICAD rate of 12 Bolivars per US dollar. Should circumstances dictate use of a higher rate this would also negatively impact our US dollar results.  Taking our 2014 core EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance and current market consensus of foreign-exchange impact implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.44. As you model out the second quarter, Id ask you to consider the following: Foreign-exchange translation should have an approximate 11 point unfavorable impact on the second quarter net revenue and approximate 12 point unfavorable impact on second-quarter core EPS based on current market consensus rates and we expect a profit decline in Europe driven by the volatility associated with transaction and translation currency related headwinds.  Below the division operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the second quarter versus last year, primarily reflecting increased debt balances. And our tax rate in the second quarter is expected to be sequentially higher than the first quarter of 2015.  Finally, our stepped-up share repurchase activity will occur throughout the year but its expected to have a more pronounced impact in the second half of 2015.  From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow of more than $7 billion. I want to emphasize that despite the expected incremental foreign-exchange headwinds this year, our original $7 billion free cash flow target remains intact. This is the result of stringent working capital management and capital spending discipline. Weve shortened our cash conversion cycle by over 50% since Q1 2012 and continue to manage capital spending with great efficiency, holding capital spending below 5% of sales.  We expect our capital allocation discipline to continue to drive core ROIC improvement. This is building on the steady progress we've made in ROIC over the past two years with core net ROIC up 220 basis points to 17.5% from 2012 to 2014. And we expect to return between approximately $8.5 billion and $9 billion to shareholders in 2015 through both dividends and share repurchases, again consistent with our original target.  As a reminder, our previously announced 7% dividend per share increase will commence with the June payment. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increases and an approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2014 core EPS. And our annualized dividends per share grew at low double-digit compound annual growth rate over the past 10 years.  To summarize, our core constant currency outlook for 2015 is unchanged from our last call and free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders remain top priorities for the company.  With that operator, we will take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian : Can you discuss demand elasticity so far from the higher pricing you've taken? It looks like it's been pretty muted with the solid organic sales growth. So I am just wondering where demand elasticities are coming in versus your expectations particularly in Latin America and Russia given some of the macro difficulties there. And then as we look going forward as FX pressure continues to worsen do you plan to take incremental pricing internationally because I imagine at some point you don't want to push too far from a consumer standpoint? And then last just a detail question, the pricing number was very strong in Latin American foods and I suspect in the Latin piece of PAB how much of that was driven by Venezuela versus other geographies?
Indra Nooyi: Dara, overall I tell you demand elasticity in these times when youve got high inflation and youve got translation FX in countries which required us to take pricing. The challenge is to balance volume and revenue and what we do in most cases is that we try to push through as much of the inflation as we can, and raw material inflation as we can through pricing. In many cases we cannot cover all of it but we try to price through about 75% of the inflation and then we manage very judiciously the revenue output and make sure that our volume decline is not significant. For example, let me take Russia. In Russia, we have pushed through a lot of pricing and weve managed it up with a lot of productivity also. And so our results in Russia and our business is doing very well. The real issue is yes, there is some volume drop-off but I think in these times we have to judiciously manage revenue and volume and then as the economies recover, go back to volume growth. If we don't push pricing through now, it will be very hard to push it all through later on to cover all of these costs. So at every point in time in each of these countries thats what we do.  And in terms of ongoing FX, spots rates are slightly better than consensus. We have to watch and see how this thing evolves but in every country -- again every country is not moving exactly the same way but country by country as FX moves, especially transactional FX impacts country performance, we do take pricing at least to cover 75% of that and the rest of it we try to cover through productivity. And as far as Venezuela is concerned, I mean the footnotes in the Q will indicate exactly the impact of Venezuela and I think it will speak for itself. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane : First, just a comment, a lot of companies reporting this morning, you put out a pretty efficient press release that was easy to read. So thank you for that. I guess my question is and somewhat related to Daras question is, if we kind of look out over the balance of the year, theres certainly some volatility still, I guess, we could expect in Russia and potentially Venezuela. And so if you could just talk to  youve maintained your currency neutral guidance and youve also maintained your free cash flow guidance in the context still of having that type of volatility. So could you talk just about what some of the factors that youre watching for that might drive some variances to those forecasts and even specifically on free cash flow, what other actions can you take if you still have  youre still compromised on foreign exchange moving against you?
Indra Nooyi: Yes, I am going to let Hugh talk about cash flow but I will just make an overall comment. Russia, the business is doing very well, Bryan. Retail, dairy products, juice products, basic snacks, the business is doing very well. We have an excellent team in Russia, great productivity programs, putting the pricing through in very judicious ways, doing very good revenue management. I am very proud of the Russia team. And so they are managing through this volatility very well. And Venezuela, the business is doing exceedingly well in Venezuela. The issue is the currency. So lets hear Huge now talk about what he is doing on the free cash flow to make sure that as a company we deliver on our commitment on free cash flow. Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to. Morning Bryan. Real a couple things. Number one, we do continue to localize this even more aggressively than we have in the past and obviously that helps us manage from a currency perspective which helps us manage from a free cash flow perspective. Number two, we are managing CapEx very tightly. Youve seen us over the last few years come down from the mid-fives in terms of CapEx a percent of revenue to weve been operating in the low fours. And then third, weve managed working capital from what had previously been about 21 days down to about three days. In all condor, I still think we have more opportunity in that regard particularly on inventory and were going to continue to work that as quickly as we can in order to mitigate if there are further downsides. Right now weve given you market consensus, its our best guess. So definitionally that's 50:50 as to which way its going to do. But I do think we can continue to do more from an inventory perspective in order to continue to cover if we have further downsides from an FX perspective.
Indra Nooyi: And our new operating model is also allowing us to come up with more productivity ideas across the company. That we will be working as the company against. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz : Hey I know its something like a random question but are you guys going to close down Muller as far as big impairment charge in the quarter? So is that just a write-down at the fair value now and is that still going to be in the midst that theyre going to work through?
Indra Nooyi: Were not closing down Muller. The business is still running and doing well but I think it just didnt meet our expectations and we have to go through some retooling. I know that business is alive and kicking. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong : So I guess my question is more on the PAB margin performance in the quarter, Hugh. I guess its the first quarter in the last few quarters that margin did decline year-over-year. I know in the press release you did cite lapping some of the one-time items. So can you just walk through the margin performance in PAB and how much is timing versus just really some of the spending that youre doing to drive the business to grow up from a top line perspective?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, couple of elements there, Judy. First of all, the pricing environment is quite healthy. We felt terrific about pricing in the quarter and we expect that to continue going forward. Two other drivers, obviously advertising and marketing was up a bit in that for the quarter and thats timing of the curve. That's one of the elements. The other elements are some of the timing on spending with our Latin American bottlers that drove that number. So  but we certainly expect PAB margins to continue to grow over time as they have been.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy : Just one quick one. Why did you leave the charge in the Quaker operating income? Is there a good reason for that? And then it would be great if you could just tell us what it's like on the ground in Russia and Brazil right now, possibly even Mexico because there is a sense that things are deteriorating in Brazil for example. So itd just be great to hear from you. 
Indra Nooyi: We left the charge in the Quaker operating income because its managed as Quaker Muller. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, thats the accounting on the line of business. 
Indra Nooyi: On the ground in Russia, as Hugh just mentioned, we were localizing costs and we have a very, very good team thats doing all the right things, productivity, taking pricing, adjusting the product lines to make sure its suited for Russian consumer, theyre shopping differently now. And so Id say that on the ground in Russia, the business is doing well. And I think its also giving an opportunity for all companies operating in Russia to look and see how to tighten their belts and work with each other to lower each others cost. So except for the overall macro geopolitical issues in Russia on the ground the business in Russia looks okay. In terms of Mexico again, weve operated in Mexico for decades and weve operated through massive volatility. At this point were not seeing the kind of volatility at all in Mexico, we have pockets of security issues but overall Mexico is just fine. Brazil did see a slowdown, coming off the real weakening and then on top of that the graft issues happening in Brazil. Yes, we did see some turmoil in Brazil, and our business is still holding, Caroline but Id say of the three countries that you mentioned probably in the last quarter, Brazil is where we saw some on the ground action that were watching very carefully at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: I actually had two questions. One is just assuming on cost a little bit, please. I want to understand a little bit more whats driving on the commodity inflation being higher for the year, why for FLNA and PAB, you had an operating cost inflation. Is that wages? And then importantly also just continue to cut the billion dollars of cost a few years of that, but what happens after that? So thats the cost question. And the other one is, I know its early days but youre seeing Coca-Cola refranchise more and more of its US bottling operations. Are you seeing anything that shows the change in pattern of their activity in the marketplace?
Indra Nooyi: I am going to answer two parts and I am going to turn it to Hugh on commodity inflation. And as I mentioned in my script, Ali, we talked about the billion-dollar per year for the next five years. But when we announced the billion-dollar a year for the next five years, we started working on the next round of ideas to think about even more productivity opportunities. And we will come back and talk to you about it when we are ready to talk about it but believe me once we change the operating model of the company to really look across the company as opposed to allowing each country and regions just operate independently. There are more opportunities for efficiency. So thats what we are working on.  And in terms of the Coke refranchising its bottling operations, lets not forget why we bought back the bottling access. We bought it back because we wanted to improve efficiency in the system and most importantly we wanted to serve our customers in a seamless way and be able to put in a lot of innovation through a bottling system which had to move from huge monolithic products to a highly segmented set of products. That original proposition has not changed. What we are seeing today is disciplined pricing in the market and from our perspective the integrated operating system is very valuable and we intend to continue to operate that way. So on commodity inflation, Hugh, quickly.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, very briefly, its almost entirely driven by foreign-exchange, ex foreign exchange their commodity inflation is almost flattish.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Marshall of Barclays.
Bill Marshall : I actually have a high level kind of strategic question for you. Indra, in your prepared remarks you mentioned the challenges in center of the store food recently. And I think a couple of years ago you labeled these businesses as not necessarily core to the mission, even though nice cash flow generating assets. I am kind of wondering how you are thinking about those businesses in the current environment, especially with everything weve seen going on with food and the interest rate environment that we are seeing now.
Indra Nooyi : I think there's two kinds of businesses, I said, were not core to the mission. Quaker is very core to the mission. What we were talking about is sort of the peripheral businesses we got as part of the Quaker Oaks acquisition, the Golden Grain and the Aunt Jemima. Those businesses are center of the store. They are not core to our portfolio, but today they are doing fine. They are holding their ground, sometimes even gaining share. They are generating very valuable US cash flow and these are businesses with fantastic margins. So at this point its more dilutive to get rid of them than to keep them. And so, what we are going to do is just manage those businesses steadily as long as they don't distract us from our core mission of growing the rest of the portfolio. Thats what we are focused on. And lastly, they also provide scale to our warehouse sales operation. So at this point just steady management of those businesses, don't distract ourselves from the core, enjoy the US cash, the good margins and thats all we are doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher : Indra, I wanted to talk about sort of your old sort of buckets that the business has had in terms of Fun for You, Better for You and Good for You. It seems as though we are seeing a change in the consumer dynamic particularly in the Better for You bucket, if you look at something like diet soft drinks, what have you. So I guess as we look at this what do you think has changed in terms of those buckets and what are you doing differently to respond as the consumers maybe seem less interested in what you guys had traditionally discussed is Better for You?
Indra Nooyi : Thats a wonderful question, John, and I tell you something. Weve never seen the consumer as confused as they are today. And I use the word confused in a neutral way, not a negative way. If you had asked me a few years ago people were moving to diet sodas. Now they view real sugar as Good for You. They are willing to go to organic non-GMO products even if it has high salt, high sugar, high-fat. So I think we have a challenge these days to really think about what is the definition of Good for You from a consumer perspective. And this is unprecedented and the old definition of Good for You is being challenged right now. So I think the best way to think about this is to think about the fruit and vegetable corridor, a protein corridor, a grains corridor and then sort of a predominantly carb corridor. And then within that just vary our strategy based on what the consumer is thinking about. Because especially millennials today have got very different definitions of Good for You versus Fun for You. They don't really make the definition in the difference, that theyre looking much more to ingredients. So we are also going through a little change in our thinking. The good news is whatever the segmentation is our portfolio is still balanced and we can actually flex to either definition. So, we are managing the business by watching both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg of Stifel Financial.
Mark Swartzberg : Indra, Hugh, a question about FX from a transactional standpoint. Obviously you have some major productivity programs underway and we are a couple of years into this. But when you look at specifically the countries of Mexico and China, are these higher transactional costs that are dollar-related -- are they impacting you to the scope or the phasing of some of your productivity programs in those particular countries?
Hugh Johnston : Mark, I would say no. It really doesn't affect us a great deal. We obviously have got to be cognizant of whats happening with transactional ForEx. To the degree that we are experiencing that in a particular market, as Indra mentioned earlier, we are tending to price through about 75% of it. But in terms of if transactional ForEx is affecting capital that we would put in to drive productivity, it really isn't impacting us a great deal. It's not slowing down the rate because the returns on those initiatives tend to be pretty solid and we can overcome the FX impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma : Just a quick clarification first. The 75% rule that you're talking about, is that just to cover underlying inflation or should we expect that to cover the transactional FX as well?
Indra Nooyi : I mean, transactional FX is what drives some of the inflation. And so they are all related. I have given you 75% of what we're doing today, it varies around that number. Sometimes we can do more, sometimes we can do less, but as a basket it's around 75%. The thing, Amit, is that globally we have been through in some country of the world hyperinflation, inflation, extraordinary inflation, geopolitical crises, we have been through that. And across PepsiCo exists a lot of playbooks on how to manage through these sorts of issues. So when we have a problem like this in a country we bring the experts in, we use one of these playbooks and then we use our extraordinary teams in these countries, then we judiciously manage through pricing, productivity, revenue management to see how best to insulate the portfolio. And I think the good news about the portfolio is that the portfolio serves as a good hedge when you have a mix of countries, mix of businesses. Thats what allows us to deliver the 7% constant currency growth, reiterate that guidance and the free cash flow guidance.
Hugh Johnston : To be clear on that, I would think of the 75% as a rough modeling guideline, not an internal principle as to how we execute market by market. We vary market by market based on the opportunities in front of us.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steve Powers of UBS.
Steve Powers : Maybe just a couple of final clarifications. First on pricing specifically in Europe. Clearly its difficult to realize in Western Europe, but the 6% price this quarter is falling well short of sort of the currency headwinds. So was there additional pricing that maybe you took after the quarter in Eastern Europe and Russia or do you still expect to take to catch up with currency? And if so what type of elasticity should we kind of think about around that incremental pricing? That's first. And then second, maybe, Hugh, just some clarification and sensitivities around that updated FX guidance, understanding you use consensus rates. If we benchmark to today's spot rates can you give us some sense of what that outlook would look like at spot rates and how it might improve? And then conversely, if you did move to the latest rates in Venezuela, some sensitivities around the magnitude of that impact in the other direction? 
Hugh Johnston : Okay, Steve. Thats multiple questions, but let me try to address it efficiently. Number one, you will see more pricing in Eastern Europe that will come through. To date the elasticities in Russia have been less than one. So as we put incremental pricing we will see how it looks going forward. But to date the elasticity has been less than one. So obviously that's been favorable to us. Number two, in terms of the overall FX, spot numbers are moving around so much, I actually don't pay as much attention to spot as I do to market consensus. So not clear to me, it might be a little bit favorable at this point. But I would just stay focused on the guidance that we have given you rather than trying to anticipate it, its awfully complex. And then the last question was around  I think that was it. Anyway, Steve, if you have another question you can give Jamie and the team a call. End of Q&A
Indra Nooyi : Yes. Thank you all for your questions. And in closing I just want to say that we have taken the necessary steps to position ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. I believe we are off to a good start in 2015, and we are navigating well through an uncertain and volatile environment. And I believe the first quarter of 2015 is a good example of how a well constructed portfolio, appropriate investment and disciplined execution can drive strong constant currency top- and bottom-line results. Our first quarter results give me confidence that our plans are working and that we are on track to deliver on our financial goals in 2015. I thank you for your time this very busy morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investments. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in PepsiCo's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - VP, IR Indra Nooyi - CEO Hugh Johnston - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets Caroline Levy - CLSA Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs John Faucher - JPMorgan Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, Laurie. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off todays call with a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2014 performance and 2015 outlook and then we will move on to Q&A. Weve kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 08:45 and we will do our best to get to as many of your questions as we can. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2015 guidance and our long-term targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainty that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. All references to free cash flow exclude certain items. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCos financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos Web site under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss todays results, please keep in mind that our fourth quarter comprises the 16 weeks ended December 27th for our North American operations and the months of September, October, November and December for most of our operations outside North America. And now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone. We are very pleased with our results for the quarter and for the full year, especially in light of the significant macroeconomic volatility being experienced in so many markets around the world. We've performed well in this challenging environment, largely in the strength of our brand and product portfolios and diversity of our geographic footprint. So while certain markets were hit with political disruptions, economic downturns or significant currency devaluation, other markets in our portfolio not experiencing these issues were able to offset their impact to deliver overall strong results. We made a lot of progress in 2014, and Id like to recap some of those achievements, starting with our financial performance. I am pleased to report that we met or exceeded each of the targets we communicated at the beginning of the year. Organic revenue grew 4% for the full year and 5% in the fourth quarter. Core gross and operating margins expanded for the quarter and the full year. We delivered our productivity target for the year. Free cash flow exceeded $8 billion. Our focus on capital allocation discipline resulted in another year of significant core net ROIC improvements. We increased our annual dividend for the 42nd consecutive year and we returned $8.7 billion in total to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, which is a 36% increase over 2013. Just as importantly, we strengthened the foundations of our Company. First, we continue to invest in our portfolio of iconic global brands. In 2014, we sustained our increased A&M investment and focused our spending on our biggest brands. Additionally, we increased the impact of our investment by directing of the spending to consumer facing activity. We launched our largest ever global campaign for our two biggest brands, Pepsi and Lays with coordinated package graphics, use of sports and entertainment properties, point of sale material, ad copy and promotions. We expanded our engagement in social and digital marketing. For example, Doritos CrashTheSuperBowl received nearly 5,000 consumer submissions from 29 countries around the world. And our Lays Do Us A Flavor campaign garnered more than 14 million submissions. Programs like these drive phenomenal consumer engagement, are highly complementary to our broader marketing efforts and are extremely financially efficient. Our investments are translating to tangible results with solid improvement in brand equity scores and market share performance in our priority markets for our global brands. Second, we continue to strengthen our innovation engine. We have built a robust and sustainable innovation pipeline, perhaps the strongest in our history. Over the past two years, innovation as a percentage of total net revenue has climbed by 150 basis points and now stands at 9%. And we're innovating across our portfolio. For example, to meet the growing demand for nutritious products we introduced Naked Juice's Kale Blazer and Gatorades new Whey Protein Bars. We bolstered our food service business with the introduction of Pepsi Spire fountain equipment in over 30 markets, giving our customers a choice of flexible and cost effective equipment and allowing our consumers to create more than 100,000 customized beverages with just the touch of a screen. In snacks, we leveraged our global scale by lifting and shifting successful new products like Doritos Jacked and Deep Ridged chips from the United States into a number of international markets. And as a testament to the durability of our innovation, a number of our recent product introductions like Tostitos Cantina, Mountain Dew Kickstart and Pure Leaf generated double-digit estimated annual retail sales growth in 2014 after achieving over a $100 million in their launch year. So thats innovation. Third, we stepped up our marketplace execution. As evidenced, in 2014 we were the largest contributor to U.S. retail sales growth among all food and beverage manufacturers. Based on IRR data in all measured channels, we contributed nearly $1 billion of retail sales growth, more than the combined sales growth of the next 27 largest manufacturers. In food service, we executed customized Better Together programs like the pairing of Doritos Loaded and Mountain Dew Solar Flare, and we secured attractive new businesses, such as a Disney Park in Shanghai leveraging the strength of our combined beverage and snack portfolio. Fourth, we have taken productivity to a new level. We successfully completed our three year $3 billion productivity program launched in 2012 and were entering our next phase of productivity with a new five-year $5 billion program, and we have a robust pipeline of productivity projects focused on increasing efficiency through automation, optimizing our global manufacturing footprint, advancing the competitiveness of our go-to-market models and utilizing shared services. These programs collectively are geared to deliver our targeted savings of approximately $1 billion per year through 2019. At the same time, we have significantly evolved our organization structure and operating model to enable us to more fully capitalize on our scale, global presence and deep capabilities. And lastly, we have driven increased capital allocation discipline throughout the organization to drive higher returns of investment and increase cash returns to our shareholders. So that's a summary at a high level of our accomplishments. So let me comment briefly on the performance highlights by business sector, starting with the Americas. PepsiCo Americas beverages had a terrific fourth quarter, 3% organic revenue growth translated to 11% core constant currency operating profit growth. The profit growth is especially notable given the fact we also increased A&M in the quarter by high single-digits. We have seen the business gain momentum beyond the efforts weve been making in marketing, innovation and execution. And this has resulted in not only improved financial results, but better marketplace performance too, especially in our largest market, the United States. Clearly our Latin American beverage business has had its challenges with the Mexico tax and deteriorating macros in Venezuela. Despite these challenges, our Latin American beverage business was a positive contributor to PAB's overall organic top-line and core constant currency bottom-line results. Frito-Lay in North America delivered strong performance. Frito delivered 3% organic revenue growth for the full year and 3.5% in the fourth quarter and 6% core constant currency operating profit growth both for the quarter and the full year. Market share results have shown steady improvement and we gained savory snack value share in the fourth quarter. Latin America foods performance, both for the quarter and full year was solid. For the full year Latin American food delivered 10% organic revenue growth and 9% core constant currency operating profit growth. Quaker Food North America performed well with some challenge categories. Despite the category challenges core constant currency operating profit was up 8% in the quarter and we gained value share for the full year in the each of our core categories, Hot Cereal, Ready-To-Eat Cereal and Snack Bars. So very strong performance by our businesses based in the Americas and the U.S. in particular. As I mentioned earlier, our portfolio collectively was a largest contributor to retail food and beverage growth in the United States, both in the quarter and for the full year and this is a distinction we are very proud of. Moving across to Europe, as you know, the majority of our European business is located in Eastern Europe and Russia in particular. Clearly the currency picture and macros in Russia have made operations more challenging. While the Russian consumer has been quite resilient at least for our business, the currency situations led to significant inflation because of the transaction ForEx on the materials we source from outside of Russia, resulting in significant input cost inflation. Despite these significant headwinds, Europe generated full year gains in volume, organic revenue and core constant currency operating profit. All things considered, solid performance for Europe. And lastly EMEA, again good results despite some political macro volatility in many parts of the region. For both the quarter and the year, we had solid volume and organic revenue gains while full year operating profit performance was impacted by efficiency investments made in 2014 and by lapping the Vietnam refranchising gain we had in 2013. Most of the global volatility has been concentrated in the developing and emerging markets. However as a group, even our developing and emerging markets grew organic revenue 10% in the quarter and 9% for the full year. So they continue to be major contributors to our growth. As I mentioned earlier, we have a terrific geographic portfolio and this allows us to balance challenges and opportunities in a way that tends to produce consistently good results overall, and we believe the fourth quarter and full year 2014 result are a reflection of this. Now Hugh will take you the financial guidance in some detail in just a minute, but I want to highlight just a few key points. As an operating company we absolutely manage the things that are within our control, marketing, innovation, marketplace execution and productivity and we expect to continue to perform well in these areas. However we expect to face continued headwind related to macros, in particular weak currencies in a number of our key market and the impact of lower oil prices in countries whose economies are highly dependent on energy. Obviously these are outside our control but we adjust the businesses to whether through the challenges as best as we can by controlling costs, adjusting our raw material sourcing and executing balanced pricing actions. As we balance all these factors, we have concluded that our outlook for 2014 will be within our long term financial goals. With that Ill turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Thanks Indra, and good morning everyone. I'll start with the recap of the financial scorecard for 2014 and then move on to 2015 guidance. We're pleased to report that we met or exceeded each of our financial goals for the year. We targeted mid-single digit organic revenue growth and we delivered 4%. We targeted core operating margin improvement and it increased by 30 basis points. We targeted $1 billion in productivity savings and we delivered it. We targeted 7% core constant currency EPS growth with our initial guidance and delivered 9%, which is right in line with the increased target we communicated to you in October. We targeted core net ROIC improvement and delivered 110 basis points. Our core net ROIC now stands at 17.5%. We targeted free cash flow of more than $7 billion and delivered $8.3 billion, and we committed to return $8.7 billion of cash to shareholders which is what we did. So overall good performance meeting or exceeding each of the targets we communicated at the beginning of 2014. We're particularly pleased with our cash flow management. Our free cash flow as a percent of our core net income exceeded 100% for the year and over the past three years. So we are converting earnings to free cash flow very efficiently. Two big contributors to this performance are first the discipline and productivity we have on capital spending where weve successfully held CapEx to less than 5% of net revenue since 2012. And second the improvement we've driven in working capital where we've shortened the cash conversion cycle by 50% over the past four years and have generated cash from working capital of over $2 billion in aggregate over the past three years. And it's this strong cash generation that is enabling us to provide attractive shareholder cash returns. Let me spend a few minutes discussing our outlook for 2015 which is in line with our long term objectives. We expect another year of mid-single digit organic revenue growth. We expect core operating margin expansion as organic top line growth and productivity should offset negative geographic mix and cost inflation. Below the division operating profit line, we expect cooperate cost to be down and approximately 25% core tax rate and a reduced share account. All in, we expect core constant currency EPS growth of 7%. Foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact revenue and core earnings per share by approximately 7 percentage points each based on current market consensus rates. As you saw in the release during the fourth quarter of 2014 we adopted the SICAD 1 rate of 12 bolivars per U.S. dollar and we assumed this same exchange rate for 2015. The currency exchange picture in Venezuela continues to be quite volatile. So I wanted to be absolutely transparent about what we have assumed in our 2015 guidance. Putting it all together, taking our core 2014 EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.63 as well. Our outlook appropriately factors in both tailwinds and headwinds. To the positive, we expect to generate approximately $1 billion of productivity savings in 2015, which will offset operating cost inflation. We feel very good about our innovation agenda, which should enable to sustain our organic revenue growth rate. Our share account will benefit from continued share repurchases, although we won't recognize the full benefit of 2015 repurchases within 2015 as they'll be made throughout the year with some of the impact of the share account reduction falling into 2016. Our core tax rate is estimated to come in for the full year at approximately 25%, even with 2014 and we expect to be able to sustain this rate for the foreseeable future. In terms of headwinds, we anticipate commodity cost inflation in the low single digits. Keep in mind that because of our forward buying strategies, our commodity cost changes will lag what you see in the spot market. I believe our expected inflation rate is a bit higher than what a number of you have modeled and this is because we are seeing more pronounced inflation in our non-market traded commodities, including certain packaging and agricultural raw materials. In addition, we will see an inflation impact from transaction ForEx in many of the markets whose currencies have weakened against the dollar. And foreign exchange translation will be a significant drag on our U.S. dollar earnings. Finally, as you model out the quarters for 2015, please note that a number of our international markets currencies significantly weakened in the back half of 2014, so the currency lapse are most difficult in the first two quarters. Our long term goals remain intact, mid-single digit organic revenue growth, core operating margins expanding 30 to 50 basis points per year, high single digit core constant currency EPS growth, free cash flow growing roughly in line with earnings and core net ROIC improving 50 basis points per year. We intend to responsibly manage the business for top line growth, drive productivity and reinvest appropriately to position PepsiCo for sustainable growth for the long term and we plan to remain highly disciplined toward capital allocation with the vast majority of free cash flow after capital spending being returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. First, were increasing our dividends per share by 7%, beginning with our June 2015 payment to $2.81 on an annualized basis. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increase, and an approximately 60% payout ratio based on the 2014 core EPS. At yesterdays closing stock price, it represents 2.9% yield and will bring our 10 year annualized dividend per share compound annual growth rate to 10%, and we expect to return an additional $4.5 billion and $5 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases. While doing so, we expect to maintain tier one commercial paper access, enabling us to retain low cost highly accessible financing. So combined, these actions will result in cash returns to shareholders of $8.5 billion to $9 billion and will bring our cumulative 10 year cash returns to shareholders to $65 billion. As many of you know, we have stated disciplined capital allocation as a top priority for our management and our Board, and we trust these actions will again be seen by our shareholders as tangible evidence of this commitment.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Hugh. Before we open it up to questions, I want to take this opportunity to share with you how excited we are to be entering 2015 despite the challenges that we face, because this year marks the 50th anniversary of the coming together of PepsiCo and Frito-Lay in 1965. We set the foundation for what is today one of the worlds most iconic and successful companies. This year we celebrate five decades of growing our business and creating substantial value for our shareholders, customers, consumers and communities. It was a phenomenal vision of Don Kendall and Herman Lay, the architects of this combination, which set the stage to grow from $510 million in revenue in 1965 to almost $67 billion today. Of the companies in the Fortune 500 in 1965 just 79 remain today, and over this time frame, weve generated extraordinary shareholder returns. In fact, $100 investment in PepsiCo in 1965 with dividends reinvested would be worth over $42,000 today. But PepsiCos success over the past 50 years has not happened by chance. It happened because throughout our history PepsiCo has repeatedly adapted and retooled all with an eye to the future. More importantly we kept integrity at the heart of all we do, running the Company responsibly to generate sustainable long term value, and this is a formula for success that our current team will continue to apply. With that lets open it up for questions.
Operator: Our first question is coming from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane: Ive got a question I guess about reinvestment rates. If you look at 2014, you really balanced a pretty good [indiscernible] you generate a 4% organic sales growth rate in this environment is a pretty big achievement. And my sense is at least partially related to just your choice; choices you are making in terms of reinvestment dropping the bottom line. When you look at 2015, is there anything you're thinking differently about how much you want to reinvest especially in sales growth in 15, just given some of the volatility you have in developing and emerging markets. And I guess related to that, given kind of the wide range of outcomes that could happen just because of the macros, are you looking for any more flexibility as you're planning in 15 in terms of reinvestment rate? So just trying to get your sense for the choices between top line and bottom line in 15 as youre looking into it.
Indra Nooyi: Bryan, 2014 was a tough year too. The market was quite volatile and as the year went on, we got to the second half of the year, we started to look -- really experience all the volatility. So I think between geopolitical issues, the oil price impact, other macroeconomic factors, we have actually had a volatility and I think we now have a playbook where we appropriately balance top-line growth, share and profit performance, because the challenge in these sorts of volatile environment is not to over invest and not to get the return or to under invest and lose too much share. So we are constantly balancing top-line growth, market-share and profit performance and I think over the year, we have developed a fairly good playbook which were really going to put into action through 2015. Hugh, did you want to add something on this issue?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I completely agree, Indra. And Bryan I guess I'd approach it from two perspectives. From a P&L perspective, we do feel like weve found the right balance now between the productivity that were driving and the investments that were making in R&D, the investments were making in innovation, the investments were making in providing growth capacity through the P&L into the business. Then from a capital perspective, each of the last couple of years weve started with a budget of somewhere between 4% and 5% and each of those years weve landed at a little bit over 4%. The reason for that is we really do apply quite a bit of rigor to the investments that were making. Were not afraid to invest in long-term growth, quite the opposite. I would argue both in R&D and in capital we have been investing in long-term growth. The focus here is sustainable value creation, and I think with the reinvestment rates we have right now, we will be able to deliver that sustainably.
Indra Nooyi: And Bryan if I can add to what Hugh said, in things like R&D spending, we cannot cut, because thats real spending on innovation and it doesnt matter what the volatility in the market is, these are long-term projects and we have to make sure we keep investing to get this innovation engine moving. In terms of A&M again, we want to make sure we put the appropriate A&M in the market, but we also watch to make sure that were getting a return on investment on A&M in volatile environments. But our goal is to hold those relatively sacred and then work the other levels in the P&L.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma of BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Indra, just given the recent resolution of really a very public disagreement with a shareholder, should we expect that the Company will probably focus a little bit more on some of the strategic other initiatives which might have been, not neglected, but probably not in front focus? So in terms of perhaps M&A into market or looking at your emerging market portfolio, where some of the things can be realigned?
Indra Nooyi: Amit, I'll tell you something. There was never a time that we did not focus on running the Company for all shareholders. I think between the senior management and the Board, we have constructive conversations with all our shareholders as we did with certain particularly outspoken shareholders. But there was never a time Id say over the last few years that weve ever taken our eye off long-term investments to make our portfolio stronger. And if we see an opportunity that creates tremendous shareholder value, well certainly look at it. Weve looked at lot of things, but given the price expectations and given our assessment of what kind of value we can derive from these properties, we havent seen the need to make any major investments in new M&A activities. But if something comes up that creates spectacular value, well be back to talk with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy: Just a couple of questions. I noticed there is news out of Venezuela and how do you assess the risk of having to go to the 52 exchange rate? That would be the first one. And the second one is in Europe you had spectacular volume growth in both snack and beverage in the fourth quarter, considering the environment. I am trying to understand if that is sustainable, if you think that the underlying business is healthy enough that thats a real number we can look forward to going into15?
Indra Nooyi: Ill talk to Europe and then Hugh, you've lived in Venezuela. So you talk about this. The Europe team is executing well. There is good innovation. Our portfolio is a bit more skewed towards products that the consumers want. For example a lot of what we sell in beverages in Europe is lower zero calorie beverages. We have a lot of baked product offerings in Europe, and even the Tropicana line-up we sell in France and the UK is a very different line-up than we sell here in the U.S. because the juice business evolved very, very differently there. On top of that, in a country like Russia, because our categories are in juice and dairy, stuff that the Russian consumer really needs, the businesses have been quite resilient. Now we have to wait and see how 2015 shapes up, but Id say for our categories and the nature of the products that we offer them the portfolio has remained quite resilient even going into 2015. But let's watch and see what happens. The other thing too is in Western Europe the countries that were in -- I think we have a slightly better skew to countries that are not in deep, deep troubles and I think thats helped us too in Europe. So -- and the team is very good, lot of depth of talent there and Europe is a good performer for us, especially given the incredibly difficult environment they're all operating under. Hugh, what about Venezuela?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Regarding Venezuela Caroline, just a couple of comments. First, as you know, we spend the better part of the year at 6.3 last year and then moved to 12 in November. So the average for the year was 6.84. Our planning assumption right now is to be at SICAD 1, which is 12. Obviously there was news based on yesterday press conference out of Venezuela from the government talking about exchange rates. There was a lot of information mentioned there. It still isnt really clear because the details havent been published as to what it all means yet. In general the fact that they seem to be going to a more market based supply and demand currency environment, those suggest I think long term positives for us. In terms of the implications in the short term, we did hear that SICAD 1 would continue to exist. We will wait till we see more details on that and then we'll come back to investors with details as they emerge. But in the long run it seems to me it is probably encouraging based on what we heard yesterday in terms of being able to move currency and cash around more freely. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong: I guess maybe just a little bit of color, just in terms of how you're thinking about your ability to price, particularly in markets like Russia or Latin America, where it is hyper inflationary. Indra, you've talked about Russia being resilient. But as you think about 2015 how much pricing have you taken already? Hugh, you've talked about some other commodity headwinds. Can you just talk about how you're looking for sort of the profit impact as the inflation comes up in those markets in the context of your ability and your flexibility to take price?
Indra Nooyi: Both Russia and Venezuela, oil dependent countries. Russia has its own set of additional issues. I think what the local teams do, they look to take as much pricing as they can to cover inflation, really assess the consumer demand and then they judiciously balance pricing and demand to make sure that we have a business thats in balance and we're not losing too much share or trying to gain too much share and destroy the P&L. On top of that Judy, we dont stop there. The Russian team is restructuring its business to make sure they tighten the belt, restructure our footprint there so that we can become more productive in the middle of the P&L so that we can actually deliver profit in this difficult environment. And the Venezuela team has been doing this now for five or six years. And in a way you can take the playbook from Venezuela. In fact the playbook moved from Mexico from a few years ago to Venezuela today or Brazil from a few years ago to Venezuela, now to Russia. So this playbook is now becoming quite important as we navigate through currency volatility and economic volatility. So each country, it's the team that has to balance pricing, the elasticity in that marketplace, and how much cost controls they can put in place so that taken together you deliver whatever we have agreed with them is the right financial profile for that market. Anything else you wanted to add, Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I think thats exactly right. The only thing I would add as a rule of thumb is in most markets when we run into these issues, we've sort of been able to price through somewhere between two thirds and three quarters of the inflation impact, and as Indra said, the rest of it we tend to handle through restructuring and productivity initiatives and things like that. Russia's obviously a more profound example of that but I think the rules of thumb will generally apply in that regard. But what it leads you to more broadly is the power of the PepsiCo integrated food and beverage portfolio and the size of geographic portfolio. As a few developing and emerging markets run into challenges, such as Russia, such as Venezuela, we also have markets like India, markets like Turkey that are performing very well. And as a result, the PepsiCo portfolio and the scale that food and beverage brings in each of those countries actually works quite well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher: Sort of a follow up question on that, we've seen a lot of Latin American pricing across the consumer stable complex over the past couple of quarters. It's mostly FX driven. So as you look out to 2015, the mid-single digit organic revenue growth targets, can you talk about sort of what you built in there for Latin American pricing and in sort of kind of talked about this to Caroline's question, but that sort of what's your view of the efficacy of that as sort of true organic revenue growth. And then a second question would be on the COGS guidance. Can you talk a little bit about sort of including transactional -- ex-transactional in terms of what you're seeing on a general raw material basis? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Hugh will take this.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, sure. John, in terms of both of those questions, regarding Latin America, you'll see us take a fairly significant pricing again. Inflation is obviously running in the high single to low double digits down there. And as I mentioned earlier we'll probably wind up pricing through somewhere in the neighborhood of three quarters of that. The rest we'll drive through restructuring and productivity. Regarding the transaction impact on commodities inflation, we talked about the fact that we're at low single digits for commodities inflation. About 40% to 50% of that is driven by transaction FX.
Indra Nooyi: I think the other thing that helps too, if I may add, across Latin America many of our businesses have a wide range of the portfolio from value to premium products. So you can actually price the portfolio differently. And that helps too because sometimes in the premium products you can take more pricing and it can stick while the value products you want to make sure that you dont get that pricing equation too much out of whack. So the teams have gotten pretty good at playing this revenue management game in a very careful way as they navigate through Brazil or Argentina or Venezuela or Mexico.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj: A couple of questions. One is around marketing spend and where you are on that. I only seen the quarter it listed up for LAF and PAB. So I just wanted to get a sense of where you are overall as a percentage for the year and how do we think about that going forward. As well as how we should think about the shift you mentioned from kind of pure marketing spend to gross to net I guess to consumer facing? So thats one entity of a question. The other one is.
Indra Nooyi: Ali just one second, may I stop you. What is the first question again, whats the word you used?
Ali Dibadj: The marketing spend.
Indra Nooyi: No, the previous one, you said on LAF and PAB. What did you ask me specifically?
Ali Dibadj: So LAF and PAB are the only places in the report in the release where we see marketing spend as mentioned as going higher. So overall wanted to get a sense of marketing spend on the quarter and for the year. And then the other question is actually around currencies. You guys have always had a very much more aligned impact of currencies on your top line and your bottom line. So sort of no multiplier for you guys. And I want to better understand the mechanics there. A lot of your peers have a bigger impact on the bottom line and the top line. And trying to understand where there are hedges? Are there natural hedges? How that flows through? So thanks very much on both of those, if that's clear.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Ali. Ill let Hugh answer the currencies. I think on the marketing spend, overall if you look at our A&M as a percentage of sales, we said were going to hold it at 5.9% of sales and were staying with that number. What happens is that in certain regions of the world, we shift the A&M depending on what kind of return were getting for A&M spending. But more importantly we've been focused a lot Ali on working versus non-working spending. Were shifting a lot more to consumer facing programs and thats really what we were talking about because we believe that the more we focus on shifting the spending to working A&M away from sort of G&A type A&M, the more bang for the buck we get. So in every part of the world were trying to put in place playbooks and best practices to increase the A&M thats consumer facing. So overall for the Company again, as we have said many times, we are holding to the A&M as a percentage of sales. But where we see an opportunity to increase it, we look for ways to reallocate it and at every moment we measure the return on investment on our marketing spend. With that, let me turn to Hugh to talk about the currencies in the top and the bottom line.
Hugh Johnston: Absolutely and Indra, just to add one more point around marketing spend to Alis question. For the year we had marketing spend equal to the rate of sales growth. So we held as committed to at the beginning of the year. For the quarter A&M grew faster than sales. So A&M as a percent of sales went up in the quarter and obviously that was a bit of a margin drag in the quarter. Regarding your question comparing us to other companies in terms of our ability to equalize revenue and -- revenue and earnings FX impacts, I cant speak to what other companies are or arent doing. What I can tell you is, number one, we do hedge transaction out several months. It varies from country to country based on whats economic. As you know in developing and emerging markets the hedges tend to get expensive when you go out more than a couple of months. So make good economic decisions in that regard. Number two, I suspect the difference between us and most of our peer set is more of our costs are likely localized, because we do produce in so many countries. Our products dont ship as well as in particular HPC type companies. So I suspect that maybe the difference. But I dont know that for a fact because I havent studied their cost structures that closely.
Indra Nooyi: I think it is also where we have our revenues and our margins. Latin America higher margins and Russia for example a lower margin. So the revenues gets hit more. So overall I think we have an aligned top and bottom line impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz of Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz: I'm going to try to pull a fast one, sneak two or three questions in here if I could. Could you say what Russia was up in the quarter and I was wondering if there was any sort of pre-buy ahead of like big looming price increases which are probably coming this year or early this year? And then just on the Frito front I think it was an outcome this quarter. This is the first quarter in the last 12 where you've actually seen share gain. So do you think this is an inflection for Frito in terms of market share? And then maybe are you surprised that the category isnt accelerating faster given whats going on with gas prices at the pump and obviously a much better employment outlook and maybe even some nascent wage growth in the U.S.?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh, on pre-buys.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, pre-buys. Yes, we dont see a lot of evidence of that. Two things obviously work in our favor in that regard. One is just the fact that our products dont tend to last as long as perhaps other packaged goods companies products. The stale off factor matters. So its difficult for people to pre-buy very far in advance for a lot of our products. That combined with the DSP system enables us to manage that. So we didnt see, we dont think a big impact from that perspective. Frito-Lay, obviously we did see good performance in the quarter. We expect continued momentum out of Frito-Lay. In terms of the impact of gas prices, I think what we see happening is consistent with what weve seen in the past which is -- it takes a number of months before the consumer fully spends back the so called benefit from lower gas prices. I think you're going to see that over the course of six months to eight months rather than an immediate change in consumer behavior. It just sort of assimilates over time. I am optimistic from the perspective that consumers right now, their personal balance sheets are pretty healthy. Most consumers have de-levered pretty well. So as a result of that I do think that money will make its way back into the marketplace, and as a Company that sells of more than a small amount of product through G stores and C stores, I think well benefit from it.
Indra Nooyi: And if the category keeps growing at this current rate, it's pretty good for us. Let me close by reiterating that we are pleased with our results for the quarter and for the full year. We are confident that our plans are working and as a result our outlook for 2015 is within our long-term financial goals. We want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning, and more importantly for the confidence youve placed in us with your investments. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for participating PepsiCos fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch John Faucher - JPMorgan Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets Steve Powers - UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. We will lead off todays call with a review of our third quarter 2014 performance and outlook and then we will move on to Q&A. We have kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 08:45 and we will do our best to get to as many of your questions as we can. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2014 guidance and our long-term targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCos financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos website under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss todays results, please keep in mind that our third quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended September 6, for our North American operations in the months of June, July and August for most of our operations outside North America. As you saw in the release, we are no longer reporting PepsiCo Americas Foods as a business unit. Consistent with our prior practice, we continue to report results for the divisions that had comprised PAF, namely Frito-Lay North America, Quaker Foods North America, and Latin America Foods. This change does not have any impact on the overall results of PepsiCo or these divisions. Also reflected in our Q3 2014 core earnings results are aggregate gains associated with the divestitures of approximately $34 million and a $23 million impairment of a brand in Greece. Now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone. We are pleased with our results for the quarter and year-to-date, particularly given the continued macro challenges we see across the globe. Specifically in developed markets, the consumer category demand continues to be sluggish and in developing and emerging markets, there is continued macro and political volatility, most notably in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and a number of markets in Latin America. In other key emerging markets, China, India and Brazil even though the political environments are relatively stable, GDP and consumer spending growth remains mixed. Despite these challenges, our businesses performed well in the third quarter and year-to-date. Global volume grew in both snacks and beverages in the quarter and year-to-date. Organic net revenue grew at a rate ahead of volume in the quarter and year-to-date reflecting execution of effective revenue management strategies and successful introduction of innovative new products. In the quarter, organic revenue grew 3.1% with developing and emerging markets up high single-digits led by key contributions from the BRIC markets. And notably, our developing and emerging markets business has proven to be resilient with high single-digit organic revenue growth year-to-date, including double-digit growth in Egypt and India, high single-digit growth in China, Brazil and Turkey, and mid single-digit growth in Russia. In North America, Frito-Lay led performance with 3% organic revenue growth in the quarter and year-to-date. And core gross and operating margins both expanded by 45 basis points in the quarter aided by the benefits of our global productivity initiatives. Year-to-date, core gross margin expanded 50 basis points and core operating margin expanded 35 basis points. Overall, core constant currency EPS grew 11% in the quarter driven by the solid operating performance supplemented by responsible financial management. Importantly, these results have translated to strong cash generation and consequently strong cash returns to shareholders. Returning capital to shareholders is a top priority and we are pleased to report that year-to-date we have returned $6 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and we remain on track to return a total of $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014, which is a 35% increase over our 2013 shareholder cash returns. Based on the strength of our year-to-date results and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we raised our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 9% from 8% previously. We believe our year-to-date performance is a good reflection of the strength of our business. In todays difficult environment, retailers value the benefits of partners with strong brands and high velocity products that drive traffic, build basket size and generate attractive cash flow. And thats exactly why our retail partners like to do business with PepsiCo. And as a company, we continue to strengthen our business to position it for continued successful performance well into the future. And we are encouraged by the progress we are making in three areas, in particular: first, leveraging our complementary product portfolio and global scale; second, product and packaging innovation; and third, productivity. So, let me give you a quick update on each of these areas and share some of the tangible evidence we are seeing as proof of our progress starting with how we are increasingly leveraging the complementary nature of our products and brands. A case in point is Mountain Dew and Doritos. Dew and Doritos have extremely high co-purchase incidence. In the U.S., over 60% of Mountain Dew households buy Doritos. Both brands are deeply rooted in gaming with legacies of high engagement partnerships and activations around Blockbuster video games. In the U.S. this fall, Dew and Doritos are giving consumers access to Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. They are going to give them exclusive in-game gear, double XP and rapid supply rewards. And all of this is to dial up their gaming experience. Only Mountain Dew and Doritos consumers will be able to unlock these coveted advantages and customize their gaming experience through the Fuel Up for Battle promotion. A number of our largest customers will run better together programs linked to this promotion and we are concurrently reintroducing on a limited time basis a true gamer favorite, Mountain Dew Game Fuel, in original citrus cherry and a new lemonade flavor. Across many of our international markets, we are focused on driving greater co-purchase incidence of Lays and Pepsi with joint packaging graphics, sports properties, point-of-sale material, ad copy and promotions. These cross branding activations are now taking place in many of our key markets across the globe. For example, Poland, we created excitement for the Lays brand by hiding coupons for 100,000 free Pepsis in bags. The promotion was supported by ads and point-of-sale material featuring the soccer great Lionel Messi. Similarly in Colombia, we ran joint Lays, Pepsi and Tropicana Quaker soccer team promotions offering discounts and prized for joint purchases in the organized way. And across the Middle East, we had great success of our joint Lays Pepsi promotions during the Ramadan season. In addition to the commercial benefits afforded by these cross category promotions, we continued to yield cost synergies through continued integration. For example, integrating our snack and beverage media sourcing in China, fully consolidating and integrating our administrative functions under one roof in Russia and consolidating common carriers for snacks and beverages in the more rural regions of India, so thats the better together story. The second area is product and package innovation. We continued to make very good progress. As evidenced on a rolling four quarter basis our innovation as a percentage of sales is steadily increasing and is up 90 basis points versus the comparable year ago period. And in our biggest markets, the United States, we were the largest contributor to retail sales food and beverage growth both in the third quarter and year-to-date which really benefited from the strength of our innovation. And we are seeing innovation success across brands and geographies. For example, at Frito-Lay North America we launched our 2014 Lays Do Us a Flavor campaign. And this followed its past success in the U.S. and 12 other markets around the globe. This years consumer submitted finalists are Cappuccino, Cheddar Bacon Mac & Cheese, Mango Salsa and Wasabi Ginger hot bite. This program helped to drive strong mid-single digit Lays net revenue growth in the third quarter. At Quaker Foods North America we have launched Quaker Express Cups to capitalize on the ever growing demand for greater on-the-go convenience. And Quaker Warm & Crunchy Granola which delivers both the wholesome goodness of Quaker oatmeal and the satisfying crunch of multigrain Granola. So while center of the store category growth remains challenged the success of these and other new products launched by Quaker have contributed to value share gains in each of Quakers key categories Hot Cereal, Ready-To-Eat Cereal and Snack Bars both in the quarter and year-to-date. Our North American beverage business has strong innovation in both product and packaging. Over the past several years we have significantly increased the variety of primary and secondary package configurations. With greater packaging flexibility we now have more tools in our kit to drive price utilization and higher margins through the price back management. The case in point is our 12 ounce glass bottle which sells at more than 100% premium with 12 ounce can. And our innovation has become increasingly more durable. For example, a number of 2012 and 2013 introductions Tostitos Cantina, Mountain Dew Kickstart, Lipton Pure Leaf have all achieved more than $100 million in retail sales in their launch year and have generated double-digit retail sales growth in their second year. Our beverage product and packaging innovation in the U.S. has led to improved sales, improved net price utilization and improved market share performance. We held LRB value share in measured channels in the third quarter and year-to-date, held CSDs at retail in the third quarter led by trademark Mountain Dew and gained or held value share in a number of important sub-categories including CSDs, sports drinks, ready-to-drink tea and unflavored water. And in our international markets we are both leveraging our global scale and capitalizing on local insights to fuel innovation. For example, within snacks since its initial U.S. introduction in 2012, Doritos Jacked has launched in 10 international markets. We also lifted and shifted a larger and thicker cut chip with deep ridges which originated from our Ruffles brand and lunched it into several key countries such as Russia, Brazil, the Middle East and India under the Lays Max brand. And in the UK, we launched a new range of premium potato, tortilla and pita chips under the Market Deli brand. The Market Deli brand really caters to local taste preferences with flavors such as balsamic vinegar of Modena and Wiltshire cured ham, mature cheddar and farmhouse chutney. Within beverages, the SPIRE family of digital fountain dispensers continues to build momentum. Currently, SPIRE is in the United States, Canada, France, Turkey, Ireland and Switzerland. The equipment capabilities range from pouring 8 brands and 4 flavor shots to a maximum of 16 brands and 8 flavor shots resulting in over 1,000 flavor combinations. And the global expansion of our highly successful Mountain Dew franchise continues. The brand has expanded to two new markets in 2014 and it is now available in over 40 countries around the world. And we have built terrific brand recognition with the continued expansion of our DEWmocracy and Dew Tour support programs. And finally, turning to productivity, we achieved our targeted productivity savings for the third quarter and year-to-date and we are on track to achieve a full year target of $1 billion in savings. This year, we expect to successfully complete the 3-year $3 billion productivity program we launched in 2012 and we are now focused on our next generations 5-year $5 billion productivity program announced earlier this year, which we expect will extend annual savings of $1 billion through 2019. Our next generation productivity will focus on four areas: first, embedding more automation in our operations to replace labor with capital and at the same time removing bottlenecks from our operations, which will increase capacity utilization; second, expanding shared services, including global financial shared services for the handling of routine back office transaction processing; third, restructuring manufacturing to optimize our global manufacturing footprint; and fourth, restructuring our go-to-market systems to optimize our distribution network. As a result of these initiatives, we expect to see continued improvement in net revenue and core earnings before interest and taxes per employee as well as margin expansions and increase returns in invested capital. So, to conclude, we feel pretty good about our results for the quarter and year-to-date. We remain focused on generating cash and providing attractive cash returns to our shareholders and we are encouraged by the continued progress we have made to strengthen our business, which we expect will make our performance all the more durable and reliable looking to the future. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Great, thank you Indra and good morning, everyone. Let me spend a few minutes discussing the quarter and our upwardly revised core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2014. For Q3, organic revenue grew 3%. On a reported basis, net revenue was 2% versus year ago, reflecting 1 point of unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Commodity costs had low single-digit inflation. Our core gross margin and core operating margin each rose 45 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit grew 5.5%. Our core effective tax rate was 24.2%. Our diluted share count declined 2% reflecting the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program and core constant currency EPS grew 11%. On a rolling four quarter basis, our net capital spending is 4.1% of sales, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue and our core net return on invested capital improved by approximately 40 basis points and now stands at 16.9%. And we returned $6 billion to shareholders in the first three quarters in the form of dividends and share repurchases, which is almost 30% above year ago levels and reflective of our commitment to return cash to shareholders. Turning to guidance, as Indra mentioned, we have increased our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 9%, up from 8% previously. In addition for the full year, we expect mid single-digit organic revenue growth, low single-digit commodity inflation and productivity savings of approximately $1 billion. Below the division operating profit line, we expect corporate cost efficiencies driven by productivity initiatives, a core effective tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count from our share repurchase program. Foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact net revenue by 3 percentage points and core earnings per share by 4 percentage points for the full year 2014 based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2013 core EPS of $4.37 and applying our guidance implies a 2014 core EPS of approximately $4.57. As you model out the fourth quarter, I would ask you to consider the following. We expect advertising and marketing expense to grow at a rate ahead of net revenue growth. And below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting higher debt balances and higher rates. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We will continue to drive cash flow through efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. Net capital spending is expected to be approximately $3 billion, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. And we expect to return approximately $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014, a 35% increase over 2013 through $3.7 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases. So, to summarize, we have increased our core constant currency EPS growth outlook for the full year 2014 to 9% from 8% previously. We expect to drive improved full year margins and net ROIC and disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to shareholders remain top priorities for the company. With that, operator, we will take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: A question just about the balance between reinvestment in the business and the focus on productivity and dropping it to the bottom line, if you look at this quarters results, the results over the course of the year and really beginning last year, its been a pretty good balance of maintaining a good relative organic sales growth relative to lot of your competitors and peers with also driving some margin improvement? And I guess as you move into this next productivity program and also just some of the challenges you are facing I guess in some key markets, developing markets at least in the next year, macro challenges. Can you just sort of give us a sense for how you feel about that current balance of investment in A&M, in R&D, in selling effectiveness or selling systems versus dropping some of that to the bottom line? Do you feel like you have the right balance and especially as things maybe get a little bit more challenging in some of these markets, do you feel like you might have to tweak that balance into next year?
Indra Nooyi: Bryan, its a great question. And at this point, Id say we feel good about the balance. We increased A&M spending. We are running at about 5.9% of sales. We increased R&D spending significantly over the past 3 to 4 years, because we really believe that investing in R&D in particular is critical to the future success of the company and we invested in that. We invested in foodservice equipment. Thats why the SPIRE equipments come out and is very successful today. So, at this point, we feel good about the investments we are making in product line transformation, media spending, advertising spending against our brands, and most importantly, long-term investment in R&D platforms. I agree with you that there is volatility in the world. And as we sort of model out 2015 and beyond, we will come back and talk about what the outlook is for the financials, but at this point, we feel comfortable with what we have articulated in terms of the long-term algorithm for the company and we feel comfortable about our productivity programs. So, I think we have to watch and wait.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on  good morning Indra. I want to follow-up on some of the comments about raw materials, but also sort of start off with pricing in that context which is getting a lot of pricing in Latin America which is helping the organic revenue number. And I guess can you talk a little bit about what you have seen from a real pricing standpoint in Latin America not just related to the FX. And then as you look out over the next sort of 12 to 18 months on raw materials, have you  we have seen some favorable movements in things like corn or are you guys still sort of continuing that process of trying to capture some of that benefits through the hedging, can you talk about how we should look at that going forward? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Go ahead Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to. Hey John, its Hugh. In terms of the Latin America numbers, we are obviously as is everyone else in this space benefiting from the relatively high overall inflationary environment there, what I can tell you is we are getting positive real pricing there and it is in line with what you would see the commodities basket cost growing in those markets. So if you look at it more from a global perspective and think about commodities inflation from a global perspective, we are getting pricing in line with that on a more real basis. Regarding your broader question on commodities without a doubt the commodities numbers overall are coming down. The couple of facts I would remind you on that. Number one, we have a very, very broad basket not one commodity accounts for even 10% of our overall commodities basket. Number two we do continue to follow the forward buying strategy that we have had in the past, so we tend to be about six to nine months out. So as those prices come down we will tend to see them reflected in our basket over time. We do that again because we want to give the businesses and our customers pricing predictability, I mean its been an effective strategy for us over the last few years. And number three, people tend to focus on a few market traded commodities, those market traded commodities represents somewhere between 30% or 40% of our overall basket. So I am not sure often times that the market focused commodities give a full picture of it. In terms of 2015 as its been our practice in the past we will comment on that in February timeframe because we think thats the right time to give guidance to investors overall and we wont try to parse out the pieces right now because it tends to create more confusion than benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: Hey guys.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: So your organic sales growth was about 3% which translated to the core constant currency operating profit of about 5.5% and an EPS growth of about 11% and if you look at the gaps between top line operating profit and EPS growth rates seems to be widening more and more as the quarters progress here. So can you please give us a quantification of first how much of the operating profit to sales gap was negative commodities and negative mix versus cost cutting positive and acquisition divesture is positive which for some reason you guys keep considering core. And second how sustainable is the operating profit to EPS growth gap driven by lower net interest expense even though there is a little bit of higher debt it looks like the lower net interest expense and buyback and the spirit of the question to understand sustainability of these gaps? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks Ali. I am going to have Hugh walk you through the details and I presume the first thing you are saying is its good that PepsiCo is delivering good results. So with that let me turn it to you Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, absolutely Indra. So if you look over the last three quarters we have seen operating profit growth on a core constant currency basis of 7%, 3% and 5.5%. We have seen EPS growth of 10%, 3% and 11%. So I think that gap has been actually relatively constant over the course of the timeframe. What are the drivers between operating profit growth and EPS you really have three things going on? Interest cost without a doubt we are getting some leverage on that. The only thing that I would want to share on that front is we are operating right now in a zero net floating debt environment. We do have some floating debt but that is offset by floating cash held outside the U.S. So, I think from the standpoint of rising interest rates, we are relatively well protected compared to most of our peer companies in that regard. Obviously like everyone else, we would have some refinancing over time, but I think we have adopted a relatively conservative posture on the way that we are managing fixed float within the balance sheet. Number two, taxes are really coming in for the year right as we expected and thats been a bit of a benefit for this year. And then number three, our share repurchase is obviously lowering the share count and thats driving some of the gap from operating profit to EPS. We wont talk about 2015 right now, but obviously as a company we have a long history of share repurchase and I would certainly expect we would continue that going forward.
Indra Nooyi: In terms of sustainability, Hugh, I mean our long-term guidance has been mid single-digit operating profit and high single-digit EPS. And thats really the envelope in which we are operating.
Hugh Johnston: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Dara.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning guys. So, Frito-Lay organic revenue growth improved a bit sequentially in the quarter, but the 3% result is still below the 4% to 5% levels we were seeing over the prior year and a half before Q2s result. Is  do you think this level is kind of more like a new normal here in your mind given the difficult consumer environment or do you think you can accelerate that business going forward? And can you discuss Frito-Lay market share performance in North America, it looks like you are still losing slight share in track channels and your expectations going forward from a market share standpoint?
Indra Nooyi: Yes. Dara, I think overall in Q3, food industry sales in retail was challenging. And within that, Frito-Lay performed well, in fact, was the best performer in that group. And sequentially from the first quarter of the year to the third quarter, the share loss has narrowed. Now, let me be clear, the share loss is really to premium players who dont last for long time in the market people come in and out of the market. And Frito has been very careful not to react to players who are not long-term players in the marketplace. So, Frito has been playing a very, very responsible game. What we have been trying to do at Frito is to say, lets make the core very solid, deliver on the core and start expanding the shoulders of the business in a profitable way. And I think Frito in this very difficult environment has done a very good job balancing pound growth, revenue growth and profit growth and thats why you have seen relatively steady performance from Frito in what I would consider is a very challenging overall retail environment for all kinds of food. I mean, center of the store is particularly challenged, but I would say overall, food industry sales are challenged, but Frito has been a shining star. So, I think overall whether this is a new normal or not I dont know, it really depends on the overall environment, but within this environment, Frito has been performing quite well and the share losses have been coming down. And we dont like any share losses, I will be honest with you, but we have to make sure the business behaves very responsibly and thats what they have been doing.
Hugh Johnston: And in terms of addressing those premium innovation opportunities, we have been building more capability. You see products like Stacys Pretzel Crisps, you see products like Smartfood Selects, all of which are entering that premium space and to-date we have been quite successful with them. So, we would certainly expect to see that aspect improving over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, the first one is just sort of like a curiosity question, because currencies obviously moved a ton over the last couple of months, but you kept your currency outlook on the EPS line. So, I am just trying to figure out if it was conservative before and now its more realistic or how you kept that currency item? And then the second question is just  and maybe its a tough one to answer, but do you guys have a view on some of these contemplated consumption taxes in California? I mean, they sound pretty significant, some of them are couple of cents an ounce and it looks like there is a decent probability they are going to go through, so how do you kind of operate the business in that kind of environment?
Indra Nooyi: I will speak to the second point and then Hugh will speak to the first one. I believe discriminatory taxes on certain categories are just wrong. I think we have to understand what the issue is we are trying to address and address it in a holistic way. We will make our case and hope that the voters are sensible enough to look at the right answer to address whatever issue they are addressing. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Bill, happy to answer the currency question, we take a basket of market currency rates and we follow the same methodology every quarter. And we have been consistent in taking that approach for quite a number of years. So I dont think we will change that approach. You are right, in the last couple of quarters its come in a little bit lighter than the original forecast but its the best way I know of to do it. In addition to that as you all likely know we do hedge some transactional effects of foreign exchange, we do not hedge translation. We dont think thats a good use of investors money, so we dont hedge accounting at all, we just take the market consensus rates. And then as the currencies flow we report them to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thanks. Good morning Indra. Good morning Hugh. A question on the  its also a curiosity question but with the core earnings you are including gains and they are not large this quarter but can you just speak to the principle behind including these gains on asset sales?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, why dont I handle that one Mark? You are right, in the overall scheme of things there are three items. There is a small gain in the Quaker business related to the sale of a small cereal brand. There is a small gain from a bottling perspective in EMEA. And then there is the write-down of a small brand in Greece from an asset impairment perspective. If you net all of those three factors the grand total was a benefit to earnings of $11 million, so basically less than a penny of impact overall. More broadly, we do have a consistent set of principles we apply in terms of what is core versus non-core in the overall scheme of things it really is not a substantive impact to earnings.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: But whats the principle behind having them in there, because again its not large in the quarter but it could become something we are all talking about if it  because of the principle being there, if there is a large gain at some point in the future or for that matter a large loss?
Hugh Johnston: Yes.
Indra Nooyi: Mark, most importantly we publicly disclosed exactly what the gains are and if there are any charges against it so you can model out the impact on earnings from our disclosures.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So and Mark to your point that there is obviously in a company the size of PepsiCo with $66 billion in revenue, 275,000 employees and operating in almost 200 countries there are lots of things that you would consider to be perhaps one-time in nature. The approach that we have taken on this is we have said in terms of a test of core versus non-core is a transaction one-time and then is it of a certain size. If we called everything above $1 million one-time we would be excluding an enormous number of items. So we have drawn a line in terms of the specific number that it equates to core versus non-core that number has been the same for years and we applied consistently in all of these transactions to your point are small but we do disclose them to allow investors to model them anyway they choose.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: So, I guess a lot of just volatility around Europe in terms of the macro and political standpoint, so wanted to just get a little bit more color from your perspective what you are seeing in terms of underlying consumer demand in your various categories in markets like Russia and Eastern Europe. And it looks like your market share in markets like UK despite tough competitive environments actually doing pretty well, so maybe just talk about Russia and Eastern Europe and then separately in the UK in the context of the competitive and tough retail environments?
Indra Nooyi: Let me talk overall about Western Europe and then talk about Russia and Ukraine. I would say when you have poor weather or when you have some macro factor we have to worry about how we perform in that environment. So for example Western Europe volumes in beverage decelerated a bit in Q3 because the weather was poor, but otherwise I would say the overall Western European markets are doing quite well. Yes, we have a retail situation thats quite interesting in the UK, but our brands are strong and we are powering through that. When it comes to Russia and Ukraine, again, we sell dairy products, juice as well as snacks and soft drinks. Dairy and juice tend to be much more stable kind of products for Russian consumers. So, even though the Russian market is going through its challenges in terms of the devaluation of the ruble and the hryvnia in Ukraine and also inflation in raw materials for dairy in particular, our top line growth is still mid single-digit. So, we are holding on the top line growth. The real challenge is whats the impact to the bottom line? A lot of the products we sell in Russia are made in Russia. We sourced a lot of our raw materials from local suppliers. So that part is okay, but anything thats imported clearly is impacted by the devaluation of the ruble and then any translation of Russian profit is impacted by the devaluation of the ruble. So, at this point, we are watching and waiting and to see how the Russian market evolves, but our growth is still in the mid single-digits and we are doing okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, good morning everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. So, couple of questions from my end. I was just curious if maybe you can provide some context on PAB in terms of how the up and down the street channel did versus kind of the larger format? And if you could provide any perspective on foodservice since you have been investing there so heavily? And then the second question is Indra just curious on your view on execution at the company on bottling operations and if you think that, that is an area of improvement for PepsiCo going forward within the U.S.?
Indra Nooyi: Yes. When it comes to the performance in convenience stores, the overall  we are holding share in LRB in Q3 and whether its in CSDs or isotonics, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, what we feel good about in Q3 is that we held LRB share in this highly competitive marketplace. I think since we bought back the bottlers, we have actually been able to do a few things. One, we have invested in foodservice, because we have put routes back into local foodservice. We are able to go after national accounts without any discussion of bottlers versus the parent company. And as a consequence, we have been winning big accounts and we are beginning to actually increase our shares in colleges and universities and local foodservice accounts. So, I think our foodservice performance is improving. Again, as you know in foodservice, you dont see big improvements in a short timeframe. You have got to build this business very, very steadily, so that you balance growth with profitable growth. And so I think over the next few years, you start beginning to see meaningful contributions from our foodservice business, one because we are fixing the core beverage foodservice business, which is a critical driver of foodservice and then we are able to leverage that beverage foodservice to sell more snacks. So, the better together really works with foodservice. And overall execution, we have  since we have bought back the bottlers we have invested so much in terms of improving our manufacturing lines to have more packaging flexibility. We have put more routes back in the marketplace. We have put in more tools  given more tools to the frontlines, so that they can actually sell better at the point of sale. I think overall our execution has improved substantially. And thats why you are seeing several quarters now, where we are holding share in the LRB category and we are doing it in a very responsible way, because we are also able to get pricing. We are getting low single-digit pricing in the marketplace in North America and we are able to push through all our innovation. I mean, the market is fragmenting quite a bit and we have got to have a distribution system thats completely aligned with the brand company, so that you can get all this innovation into the marketplace. And by removing any friction that exists in the system, we are actually able to get all of our products to the marketplace. So, overall, we feel pretty good about the progress we are making in North American beverages and how well North American beverages and Frito-Lay are working together to really service both retail customers and foodservice customers to help us improve the performance of North American beverages substantially. And in terms of convenience store performance, its ahead of overall performance by about 50 basis points.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one additional question. Your final question comes from the line of Steve Powers with UBS.
Steve Powers - UBS: Thanks. Good morning. I guess two more questions related to PAB if I could. First, we saw a noticeable operating margin expansion in that division this quarter building on some initial progress made last quarter. And I guess just want to get your sense for whether or not you feel this is the beginning of a trend that can continue to gain momentum and assuming so what the biggest drivers will be is kind of question number one. Question two, related to that is as you said Indra we saw again kind of 1% net realized pricing in the quarter which is in line with the year-to-date trend and I guess positive relative to muted commodities, but I was wondering whether you see further upsides of that number over time maybe if the individual categories are actually better than and we are seeing some negative category or geographic mix across the division I am not sure, but just further details there will be helpful as well? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. I mean I think what the beverage business is doing is focusing on revenue management and productivity in addition to innovation. Innovation is driving top line growth nicely and getting good price realization. And all of our revenue management initiatives backed up by more packing flexibility is actually helping this business. And remember all of our productivity initiatives touch the North American beverage business too. So taken together the business is beginning to hit its stride and our net realized pricing in the quarter in North American beverages was in the low-single digits. We actually feel very good about the pricing that we have been able to get. Now you asked about the sustainability of this. We will continue to do the revenue management work, the productivity work, the innovation. We will continue to do everything thats in our control. And we will continue to play a very responsible game in this marketplace. And then we will just see how the marketplace evolves. But at this point we are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for North American beverages. So let me just close by reiterating that we are pleased with our results to-date. We are confident that our plans are working and we are on track to deliver our financial targets for 2014. I thank you for your time and questions this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - SVP of IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Hugh Johnston - CFO
 :
Analysts: John Faucher - JPMorgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche bank Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Steve Powers - UBS Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield : Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our second quarter 2014 performance and outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. We have kept our comments brief this morning and intend to conclude the call by 08:45, to be respectful of your time during a busy earnings week, and well do our best to get to as many of your questions as we can. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement.  This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2014 guidance and our long-term targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results, please keep in mind that our second quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended June 14, for our North American operations in the months of March, April and May for most of our operations outside of North America. As we have mentioned in our earnings release this morning, core operating profit growth rates are impacted by lapping a $137 million gain from the re-franchising of our Vietnam beverage operations in the second quarter of 2013, partially offset by incremental investments of $46 million made in the prior year quarter Now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi : Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. We are pleased with our second quarter and our first half results. Despite operating and what continues to be a challenging and volatile macro environment, we have been consistently meeting or exceeding our financial goals over the last two and half years. I believe our results reflect the hard work we have done over the last several years to position our business for sustainable success; specifically our investments to strengthen our brands, innovate more effectively, expand our geographic footprint with strategic acquisitions, drive better execution, and operate more efficiently by leveraging our global scale and complementary product portfolio.  Today, these actions and investments are producing consistent tangible results. Based on the strength of our first half results, in our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year core constant currency 2014 EPS growth outlook to 8%.  So let me share with you some of the performance highlights of the second quarter. Organic revenue grew approximately 4%, with global snacks up 5% and global beverages up 2%. We managed the business responsibly achieving three points of effective net pricing to effective price packed revenue management. Each of our four business units delivered organic revenue growth led by high single-digit growth in EMEA and mid-single digit growth in Europe and PepsiCo Americas Foods. Developing and emerging markets posted solid 8% organic revenue growth led by low double-digit growth in China, high single-digit growth in Brazil and mid single-digit growth in Russia. Innovation continue to play an important role in our topline growth and accounted for 9% of our net revenue.  Core gross margins improved by 60 basis points. Excluding the Vietnam gain, that is incremental investment from the second quarter of 2013, our core constant currency operating profit rose 6%, core operating margin improved by 65 basis points and core constant currency EPS grew 9%. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our core net ROIC improved by 30 basis points and now stands at 16.5%. In the first half of 2014, we returned $4 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, a 46% increase versus last year. As we previously announced, we expect to return $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014 in the form of dividends and share repurchases, a 35% increase over our 2013 cash return to shareholders. Importantly, we achieved our targeted productivity savings in the quarter and remain on track to achieve our full-year target of $1 billion, which represents approximately 3.5% of our operating cost base excluding commodities and A&M expense. This year we successfully complete the three-year $3 billion productivity program we launched in 2012 and we are now focused on our next generations five-year 5 billion productivity programs for 2019 announced earlier this year which is really centered on four key areas. First, embedding more automation in our operations replace labor with capital. Second, expanding shared services, including global financial shared services for the handling of routine back office transaction processing. Third, restructuring, manufacturing to optimize our global manufacturing footprint. And fourth, restructuring our go-to-market systems to optimize our distribution network. As a result of these initiatives, we expect to see continued improvement in net revenue and core earnings before interest and tax as per employee, as well as margin expansion and returns on invested capital. So with all this as a backdrop, let's take a look at how the business has performed, starting in North American. The North American consumer picture continues to be weak with retail sales among the top, the food and beverage manufactures roughly flat in the quarter, a slight deceleration from the first quarter. In this challenging environment, PepsiCo grew sales at retail across each of its North American snacks and beverage businesses and was a largest contributed to retail sales growth among the top 30 manufactures. Frito-Lay North America performed well with organic growth of 2% and core constant currency operating profit growth of 5%. Net price utilization was somewhat mutual in the quarter, as we benefitted from commodity cost deflation. Core operating margins expanded 80 basis points despite an increase in advertising and marketing and affected savings from our productivity efforts. Our top-line growth is driven by strength across most of our largest trademarks, with Lays, Doritos and Cheetos each posting revenue growth in the low to high single digits. Our broader macro-snack offering were also doing well with strong performance in shelf stable dips, crackers, our line of Smartfood snack and the Sabra line of refrigerated hummus, dips and spread. As we look to the second half, we are encouraged by the strength of our innovation and consumer engagement program leveraging some of our biggest brands. In April, we launched Doritos Jack mystery flavors with nationwide distribution. Consumers voted for their favorite mystery flavor online. Earlier this month, we revealed the three flavors, Spicy Street Taco, Chocolate Chipotle Bacon and Caribbean Citrus Jerk. Spicy Street Taco was a consumer voted favorite and we launched it this fall as a permanent Jack flavor. We also brought back the U.S. the highly successfully Lays Doritos flavor campaign. Weve received more than 14 million consumer submissions, nearly four times a submissions we received for last years campaign. On July 17, we announced the four finalist among consumer submitted flavors, Cappuccino, Cheddar Bacon Mac & Cheese, Mango Salsa and Wasabi Ginger. And these products are now hitting store shelves. Our consumers will now have the opportunity to vote for their favorite new Lays flavor. And we are especially excited about the progress were making in food service innovation. On July 2, we launched Doritos Loaded exclusively at more than 5500, 7-Eleven stores nationwide. Doritos Loaded is a delicious hot snack served with melted Nacho Cheese and encrusted with Doritos. Our launch of loaded created a great deal of tradition and social media buzz generating more than 750 million impressions to-date. And it has also featured on Jimmy Kimmel live. Each of these programs has a strong demonstration of how we are leveraging our Culinary center to create unique great tasting new products and driving excitement in the vendors to create a consumer engagement. Turning now to Quaker Foods North America, despite continued challenges across most central store food categories, we gained value share at retail in each of Quakers key categories, hot cereals, ready-to-eat cereals and snack bars both in the quarter and year-to-date. Core constant currency operating profit growth rose 5% of the quarter with operating profit margins expanding 155 basis points. We are pleased with the performance of our recent innovation in 2014. We launched Quaker Express Cups which provides Quaker Instant Oatmeal in the convenient on-the-go cup. We also introduced the first of its kind hot cereal; Quaker Warm & Crunchy Granola which delivers both the wholesale goodness of Quaker Oatmeal and the satisfying crunch of market grain granola. And finally, we are continuing to build in the success of our Real Medleys platform this time in a ready to eat cereal form. In North American beverages, were encouraged for the continued progress were making. In the second quarter and in the first half, we gained U.S. LRB value share and achieved positive net price realization at retail. Notably, PepsiCo has held or gained relative U.S. LRB value share in major channel versus our closest competitor in each of the last five quarter. In the quarter, we also achieved greater net price realization retail and our primary competitor and the category overall. Within the LRB category, we held or gained value share across a number of important sub-categories including CSDs, sports drinks, ready to drink tea and chilled juice and we grew retail sales in major channels in the U.S. for regular CSDs led by trademark Mountain Dew just up mid-single digits and with our non-carb portfolio for Gatorade, Lipton Tea, Starbucks Coffee and Naked Juice. In the quarter, PAB grew both organic revenue in core constant currency operating profit with core operating profit margin expanding by 25 basis points. Were also excited about the progress were making on the innovation front. In the second quarter, we introduced PEPSI SPIRE, our state-of-the-art beverage dispensers which allows consumers to create more than 1,000 customized beverages with a touch of screen while providing our food service partners flexible, cost effective, reliable equipment that best fits their needs. PEPSI SPIRE is currently available in select U.S. locations and will continue to roll out for the rest of the year. On May 5, we also brought Mountain Dew Baja Blast to the shelves for a limited time, leveraging on the success of the fountain brand ahead of Taco Bell. Mountain Dew Baja Blast is a second largest and fastest growing fountain beverage sold at Taco Bell and may now expand the reach of the fan favorite brand. And concurrent with the launch of the Doritos Loaded, we introduced Solar Flare, our tropical punch take on Mountain Dew exclusively at 7-Eleven. We are leveraging of the high purchase coincidence of Dew and Doritos with joint advertising, point-of-sale communication and promotion. And we are pleased with the performance of our expanded package offerings with strong double-digit growth in mini cans as well as 12 ounce glass bottle from the second quarter.   These new packages have enabled us to realize new price packed revenue benefits while maintaining flexibility for price competitiveness. So thats another American story. Western Europe performed well with organic revenue 3% in the second quarter in a difficult retail and competitive environment.  Turning now to developing and emerging markets. In Mexico, we continue to navigate for the new the new taxes on certain foods and beverages. And as a reminder, we've taken pricing in snacks and our bottler has taken pricing in beverages to pass the taxes through to the consumer. In the quarter, in Mexico, our volume decline in snacks moderated sequentially while beverage volume returned to growth as consumers began to adjust to the higher prices and our systems drove beverage share gains through improved market sales execution. Wed dealing with the tax driven price increase throughout the year and expect some quarterly volatility to continue, our results so far are in line with our expectations.  In Venezuela, we are managing through high inflation, political unrest, supply chain disruptions and continued uncertainty regarding the applicable exchange rate. Despite all the challenges, our businesses in Venezuela performed very well in the quarter with revenue up strong double-digits across both snacks and beverages. Brazil delivered high single-digit organic revenue growth, led by double-digit organic revenue growth in beverages and high-single-digit organic revenue growth in snacks. We did a particularly effective job leveraging our global soccer properties in this market during the time when soccer was very much top of mind. Our integrated campaign featured an impressive roster of the worlds premium soccer players and included television advertising as well as digital, out-of-home, in-store and point-of-sale marketing.  In Russia, organic revenue rose mid-single digits with double-digit growth in snacks and low-single digit growth in beverages. And we saw strong organic revenue growth in a number of other East European markets, including high single-digit growth in Turkey and low double-digit growth in Poland. Moving across EMEA. Organic revenue growth was led by Thailand, which pronged double-digit organic revenue growth, followed by Egypt and the Philippines, which also grew double-digits.  China organic revenue grew low double-digits driven by strong growth in our snacks business. The productivity restructuring program initiated by our bottling partner in the first quarter has achieved solid progress. Our partner has taken a well-planned deliberate approach to execute the program to ensure that our entire system is positioned to capture its full long-term efficiency and effectiveness benefits. We remain committed to the developing and emerging markets as we believe they have a long runway for growth driven by increasing demand for our convenient on trend affordable products supported by rapidly growing middle class. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. So to conclude, we are off to a terrific start in 2014 with the pieces of our complementary portfolio working together to generate healthy top line and bottom line performance as we also step up the terms on investments and cash returns to shareholders. Clearly, there are number of challenges around the globe but the shape and resilience of our portfolio combined with strong execution and aggressive productivity should enable us to navigate successfully to the current environment. Let me now turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Let me spend a few minutes discussing the quarter and our upwardly revised core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2014. First for Q2, organic revenue grew 3.6%. On a reported basis, net revenue was up 0.5 point versus a year ago, reflecting 3 points of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and a slight negative structural impact primarily from the refranchising of our Vietnam bottling operation. Commodity cost had low single-digit inflation. Our core gross margins improved about 60 basis points and core operating margins rose 10 basis points. Core operating margin rose 65 basis points when excluding the gain from refranchising Vietnam net of incremental investments from last year. Core constant currency operating profit grew 3% and approximately 6% excluding the Vietnam gain and investments from last year. Our quarter effective tax rate was 26.3, 2 percentage points above Q2 2013. Our fully diluted share count declined 2%, reflecting the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program. And core constant currency EPS grew 3% and 9% when excluding the Vietnam gain and investments from last year. And we returned $4 billion to shareholders in the first half in the form of dividends and share repurchases which was 46% above year ago levels and reflective of our commitment to return cash for shareholders. Now turning to guidance. As Indra mentioned, based on the strength of our first half results and our outlook for the balance of year, weve increased our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 8%, up from 7% previously. Our other targets remain unchanged. We expect mid single-digit organic revenue growth, low single-digit commodity inflation and productivity savings of approximately $1 billion.  Below the division operating profit line, we expect corporate cost efficiency driven by our productivity initiatives, a core effective tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count from our share repurchase program. Foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact net revenue by 3 percentage points and core earnings per share by 4 percentage points for the full year 2014, based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2013 core EPS of $4.37 and applying our guidance implies 2014 core EPS of approximately $4.54. As many of you know, the foreign exchange picture in Venezuela is very dynamic at the moment with three different exchange rates and the possibility for a converged mechanism. Our second quarter results were translated to U.S. dollars at VEB6.3 to the U.S. dollar. Our current FX forecast, which is based on current market consensus rates, assumes a blended rate of approximately VEB9 to the U.S. dollar for the balance of the year. As you model out for third quarter, Id ask you to consider the following. We expect foreign exchange translation to have an approximate 2 point unfavorable impact on both third quarter revenue and third quarter EPS based on current market consensus rates. We do expect to ramp up advertising and marketing expense in the quarter and below the division operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the third quarter versus last year, primarily reflecting higher debt balances and higher rates.  From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full-year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We will continue to drive cash flow through efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. Net capital spending should approximate $3 billion, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. We expect to return approximately $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014, a 35% increase over 2013 through a combination of $3.7 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases.  So to summarize, weve increased our core constant currency EPS growth outlook for the full-year 2014 to 8% from 7%. We expect to drive improved full-year margins and net ROIC and discipline capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders, remain top priorities for the company. With that operator, we will take the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan:  Wanted to follow up on the Frito results. From an organic revenue standpoint it is the weakest quarter you guys have put up in a while. You had some promotional activity or give us the flavor in the year-ago period. So I guess can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in the general environment out there? How much the weakness for the quarter was what you saw generally in FDM in Q2? And then as we look to the back half back half of the year, and you talked about maybe a little bit more new product activity, etc., what is the confidence level in terms of Frito volumes and/or organic revenue improving in the back half of the year? And as part of that, is the promotional environment getting any worse given some of the weakness in volumes we have seen across the food industry? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi :  Thank you, John and thank you for your question. We are not particularly considered about the Frito-Lay performance. Clearly the North American retail environment saw an abrupt slowdown in period five and we were very careful to manage this business responsibly and not hit the promotional lever in order to just drive revenue or volume growth. We also delayed one marketing activity from Q2 to Q3. Were already beginning to see a ramp up in performance. So at this point, based on all the trends we are seeing, the strength of the marketing calendar in the second half, our A&M spending that were expecting in the second half, the productivity programs, we feel pretty good about Frito-Lay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America:  As we looked at the gross margins for the quarter, can you just parse out for us how much benefit you have gotten from gross margins from just pure pricing? And how much of it was maybe just from commodity cost inflation coming down? Just trying to get I guess an understanding as we are pacing forward if there is more momentum here on gross margins. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, good morning Bryan. Obviously it was a combination of a couple of things, Bryan. Number one, the commodity inflation environment right now is relatively muted. It was in line with our expectations because of the previously discussed forward buying program that we have for commodities, and at this point in the year were about 85% bought for 2014. So we are comfortable with what our outlook is on the front.  Number two, without that particularly in more inflationary countries we are getting some pricing and we expect to continue to do that. In businesses where we dont see a lot of inflation, were not taking a whole lot of pricing, were taking a bit, but where we have commodity deflation we dont feel forced to do that.  And number three, Id point out is, the fact that innovation continues to ramp up. Its about 9% of sales. Innovation does allow us to realize net effective pricing. So with that parsing all of the individual pieces, theyre all contributors, and I think we expect them all to continue. So I think were going to continue to see could gross margin improvement. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: I wanted to ask a little bit about the sustainability of these clearly good results that we have seen so far. And in particular, when you look at each of the segments, Europe is the only segment out of the six where you call out advertising and marketing being up. In fact a couple times you see lapping of incremental investments. So this is now the second quarter in a row where we see kind of a similar narrative. So I'm trying to get a sense from you guys of what is overall happening to advertising and marketing in the first half of the year. Because it seems like it is going down as a percent of sales. And do you view that as sustainable going forward or do you expect there to be a ramp up on advertising? And as you talk about that, which is the core question on sustainability, if you could throw in a comment about Russia. I think there are some concerns about that, we have heard that from some other companies for sure in your sector and the sustainability there, as well as your Latin America growth being driven by Venezuela and Argentina where there is a question mark. But advertising was the main question and the other two add-ons if you could please.
Indra Nooyi:  So Ali, it is a big question. One of the things you said, and we have been very-very clear in this, even within our company is that whatever weve set out as an A&M goal for the year, we will not cut it. We will spend it based on the marketing calendar and to make sure that its spent properly during the year. But were not going to cut A&M budgets for any year. When we took the big A&M step up in 2012, we made a commitment to us, also then to you that A&M is something that we will hold as a percentage of sales. And we are going to keep that number through the year. So you should feel very-very comfortable that across the company, the number is going to remain at 5.9%. I thought that I had to say that number. It will rise with sales and it will stay that way. And thats true for every segment.  Lets talk about Russia and Latin America, all of the questions. You know in Russia, clearly there are some geopolitical issues. Our businesses is doing just fine at this moment, but you know we are basic food and beverage and the Russian consumers still need to eat and drink. And so, except for the FX issues, the business; yes, were doing okay. And Hugh, I dont know if you want to comment about Venezuela.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I mean its certainly the Latin American environment, its an inflationary environment. The good news from our perspective is that we do have strong market positions in the snack-food business and our beverage business is doing actually quite well down there right now. As a result we are but able to get the pricing to cover the inflation that were facing down in that market and as a result we feel compatible with the trajectory at the Latin American business. So to tie all of that together, Ali, your question around the sustainability of the results, obviously we contemplate the volatile realm that we live in. We contemplate whats happening inside of the company. Weve made commitments around R&D and A&M and Im not cutting those things. And as a result we feel comfortable raising the guidance in spite of all those volatile factors, and thats why we did raise the guidance for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche bank: Can you guys just take a stab at why you think the categories, especially in the US, have been so weak recently, and then maybe what you think it is going to take to kind of get them accelerating again? Because obviously, they are trending way below trend.
Indra Nooyi: Well, I think overall food and beverage has decelerated from years ago. People are consuming differently, I think theres been a trend towards fresh produce, fresh grocery products, more making your food as home as suppose to buying package food and beverages. And I think people have also been eating out, so food away from home is doing just a little bit. And I think from PepsiCos perspective the strength of our brand, the strength of our innovation, strength of the complementarity of the portfolio and that fact that we have very popular distribution systems into the retail stores, this launch is enabling us to be the largest contributor to growth among the 30 largest manufactures in the U.S. retail environment. So I think as long as we keep innovating and leveraging our distribution system and really helping the retailers offset some of their labor cost through our DLT systems in high velocity category, we should be able to drive growth. And then on the food service side, they are now with the Culinary centers both in beverages and snacks and all the work we are doing on complementary offerings between snacks and beverages has been to drive a lot of excitement in food services, whether it be Buffalo Wild Wings or 7-Eleven, food service or Taco Bell. I think more and more food services customers are coming to us and saying, what can you do for us to drive traffic and to drive tickets. So it doesnt matter if somebody comes into buy a product from the sea store and they also be attracted to stop by the food service side and pick up something for immediate consumption. So thats really what they are working on, taking a relatively low growth North American retail environment and positioning ourselves to be the highest growth food and beverage company and thats really our strategy. And I think our portfolio as a fact that we have high velocity categories is making us a very valuable partner to retailers all across the country.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Clearly at the corporate level you realized significant pricing in Q2, it drove mostly organic sales growth. So I just wondering how comfortable you are going forward that that strong pricing can continue given the moderate commodity environment as well as the challenged consumer. And then secondly, Hugh, we have really started to see a turn in the operating margin performance for the Company the last couple of quarters here, if one strips out the Vietnam gain. So I was hoping you could also give us an update on the key drivers behind that year-to-date performance and sustainability going forward as we look to the back half.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. In terms of pricing, remember pricing as Hugh mentioned earlier, its not an across the board pricing we just implement, its done very surgically, innovation helps us drive pricing, in countries where we believe that inflation is high we take pricing to cover the inflation to the extent we can. We do a lot of revenue management in order to get pricing. So pricing is something we realized through surgical management of innovation, in market pricing, revenue management and very careful execution, based on the different channels. And the balance of the year, we feel comfortable that we can sustain pricing and our goal is to focus on value share always, because I think in categories that are slowing down in particular, focused just on volume is an unhealthy trend. So we are very, very careful to make sure that we carefully balance pricing with volume growth and not try to go for volume at all costs. And thats what really allowed us to get good revenue growth and get good pricing realization.  Let me turn to Hugh to talk about the operating margin.
Hugh Johnston: Sure Dara, obviously we saw very good operating margin accretion in Q1 and then Q2 the number was 65 basis point, I think you will continue to see good operating and more improvement year-over-year as we progress through the coming quarters, I dont know that its going to stay quite at the levels that weve seen in the first two quarters of year. But I do think were going to continue to see good operating margin improvement. And the big driver behind that of course is the $1 billion productivity program that weve put out there, that productivity program directly attacks the $28 billion operating cost structure that we have and as we work through the productivity program, you are seeing and in fact flow through the bottom line which is why youre seeing good leverage from revenue down to EPS.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with UBS.
Steve Powers - UBS: I guess maybe on the margins a little bit more. Overseas and really outside of the Americas you have made good progress on the profit growth and margin expansion this year in Europe especially. A bit less so though in EMEA, even adjusting for that Vietnam gain. Can you talk about the puts and takes there in each region perhaps, if you could, differentiating between progress in snacks versus beverages in each region? And maybe as you do, given that we have seen you re-franchise beverage businesses in China, Mexico and Vietnam recently, what is the likelihood that you might pursue similar efforts in other geographies whether Western Europe, Russia or India where you still hold the bottlers? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks you for the question Steve. Again, we dont get into the puts and takes by region, but broadly speaking Europe has been relatively stable. Even those retail environment is difficult, geo-politically its been stable year-over-year. And we put through productivity programs, weve become more efficient in terms of how we run the whole region and thats why you saw improving margin trends. We have been one of the strong performers from a top line basis in Europe and again the complementarity of our categories is really helping drive traffic and top line growth at many retailers. I just had a series of talks with many European retailers and I must say looking at the numbers, weve outperformed same store sales of many of those retailers by a significant factor. So I feel pretty good about the European trends.  In the case of EMEA, parts of EMEA that are going to significant geopolitical issues. The Middle-East has got significant issues, weve had the IQAMA issue in Saudi Arabia.  So the reason youre seeing a little bit muted margin trends in EMEA is because weve had to power through those geopolitical issues. Coupled with the facts that as we mentioned in our script, in China, were going through the transition of our system into Tingyi and we want to make sure we dont rush it, we want to make sure we do it responsibly, we want to make sure we do it right because at the end of the day we are trying to build a very efficient and effective system. And we are making sure that we work constructively with our bottling partner Tingyi to end up with a system that really plays at its strength which is in almost 1.6 times the size of the next competitor. So thats really why you saw better margin expansion in Europe. In terms of refranchising our business, where we think it makes sense, where we think our partner is stronger and where we think we have a partner, where we refranchise the business to ensure the continued health of the business, we will look at it. But if we believe that refranchising could jeopardize the business, we will not refranchise it. So we look at it on a case-by-case basis. In Vietnam, you saw that we did refranchise the business; in Mexico, where the business is performing very well. I mean countries where it makes sense, we do it. So stay tuned as we find interesting opportunities, we will be back to talk to you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  So I just wanted to go back to maybe North America beverages and talk about the pricing environment. Clearly I think some of the industry participants have become a little bit more rational in terms of the pricing strategy. We are going to be -- start to lap the pretty heavy promotional period you saw a year ago around Labor Day. So just your thoughts on the competitive environment and the pricing outlook in North America CSD. And then secondarily, just thinking about the diet trends, and we are lapping a big decline that you started to see in a year ago period. So what are you seeing just in terms of now more consumer perception around the diet portfolio and your efforts to perhaps address that issue?
Indra Nooyi:  Pricing environment is just fine. I think that we have rational pricing and weve always said we were going to price responsibly and weve continued doing that and were glad the industry is being responsible too. On the diet trends, I mean youve seen the numbers Judy. We continue to see declines in diet and this is something that seems to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets :  Indra, just wanted to quickly talk about Mexico, especially the beverage performance, pretty encouraging. Is that in-line with expectations that you will see year-over-year growth so soon after the higher tax implementation there? And also, does this reduce the threat of similar taxation efforts in the US or what you will model if some similar tax is adopted here?
Indra Nooyi:  On the Mexico beverage performance I think when we refranchised our business to the combination of Polar and GEUSA and created GEPP that company is performing very well. In market execution is excellent and they are doing a very good job. So I think the reason we are growing the business is because of superior execution. In the case of taxes in North America, the good news Amit is we have a total portfolio of carbonated, non-carbonated, full sugar, low sugar, all kinds of products. So from a consumer perspective if they shift from one category to another, there is always a PepsiCo product they can have for any need state, for any sugar level, for any taste, for any flavor.  So I think that, that is the advantage of the PepsiCo portfolio. And incidentally, they can also pair it with a great snack. So we feel good about the complementarity of the portfolio, the breadth of the portfolio in North America and our goal is to make sure there are no discriminatory taxes but to work constructively with state governments and other organizations to make sure of whatever is done, is done responsibly. Our final question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus :  Obviously you are not going to change the Company's view on a breakup in this call, but there are two data items I wanted to ask you about. One is on the corporate unallocated and how it is built up. Do you intend to share that build up? And then the second one is on the subject of dis-synergies, it's been a couple years now since you put a number out there, you put the $800 million to $1 billion number out there talking about separation related dis-synergies. Is that still in number you abide by? And do you have any plans, if it is a number you abide by, to share that build up? 
Indra Nooyi: Mark I was hoping you talked about the good quarter, but having said that, hoping unallocated we have given you the numbers, we have said that if you look at the total corporate cost, about half of it is compliance cost which is about the lowest of any company. The other half is either the vision cost we carry at corporate because we want to manage the volatility; for example like pension costs or commodity mark-to-market. The others, you know smaller bucket which is centrally driven capability cost because we want to make sure that we protect those costs and build the capability. So the numbers we put out remain unchanged. In terms of this synergy, theres no reason for those numbers to change. I mean we spent an incredible amount of time checking the ties on this and this is the conservative estimate. And this company is engineered as one, and we feel very comfortable about the vigor with which we analyzed the proposals and we stand by our 800 million to a billion-dollar number. So thank you for the question.  So let me close by reiterating that were pleased with our results for the first half. Were confident that our plans are working, and believe we are on track to deliver our financial targets for 2014. I want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning, and more importantly for the confidence you have placed in us with your investments. Have a wonderful day. 
Operator:
 :

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America John Faucher - JPMorgan Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Caroline Levy - CLSA Steve Powers - UBS Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thanks, Jackie. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our first quarter 2014 performance and outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. In an effort to get to as many analyst questions as possible within the hour, we're going to have a one-question limit, so we should be able to get through the full queue of analysts, when we get to the Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2014 guidance and our long-term targets, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, you should refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss today's results, please keep in mind that our first quarter comprises the 12 weeks ended March 22 for our North American operations and the months of January and February for the vast majority of our operations outside of North America. Now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. We are very pleased with our first quarter results. Organic revenue grew 4% overall, with global snacks up 5% and global beverages up 3%. Core gross margins improved by 40 basis points and core operating margins improved by 50 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit grew 7% and core constant currency EPS grew 10%. We achieved our targeted productivity savings in the quarter and remain on track to achieve our full year target of $1 billion. On a rolling four-quarter basis, our core net ROIC improved by 110 basis points and now stands at 16.5%, and we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, a 47% increase versus last year. And as we previously announced, we expect to return $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014 in the form of dividends and share repurchases, which represents a 35% increase over our 2013 cash return to shareholders. Now, we all know that the world continues to be a volatile and uncertain place and we certainly saw indications of this in the first quarter. The heavy lifting we've done to transform our portfolio and capability is yielding results. I believe, our results reflect the power of our portfolios of products and brands and the strength of our geographic footprint. Additionally, the investments we made to strengthen our brand, innovate more effectively, drive better execution and operate more efficiently by leveraging our global scale and portfolio complementarity are all beginning to pay off. As a consequence, we've been consistently meeting or exceeding our financial goals, and more importantly, we have increased confidence in the future prospects for our business. Today, we believe our business is well-positioned to deliver top-tier return in the current volatile environment, as a result of the very deliberate steps we've taken and the investments we've made over the years. First, the balance and diversity of our product portfolio, ranging from fun-for-you to good-for-you products across snacks and beverages, gives us the ability to manage through issues in any individual business. Together, these businesses have an attractive growth rate in the mid-single digits. Second, investments we made to enhance the equity of our $22 billion brand are all translating to success in the marketplace. These powerful brands account for more than 70% of our annual retail sales, in fact our brands hold the number one or number two position in many of our markets, and several of our brands like Mountain Dew, Doritos, Gatorade, Lays and Quaker Oats virtually define their categories. Looking across our largest markets, we have the leading position among top brands with nine of the top 40 packaged food and beverage trademarks in the U.S., which is most of any CPG company. We have nine of the top 50 packaged food and soft drink brands in Russia, which is again most of any CPG company. We have seven of the top 50 in Mexico and six of the top 50 in the U.K., and again in both countries we are leaders. The strength of our brands is clear in our ability to achieve consistent net price utilization. In 2013, beverages and snacks each achieved 4 points of net pricing. In the first quarter of 2014, beverages and snacks achieved 2 points and 4 points of net pricing respectively. Third, we stepped up our focus on differentiated innovation. Our annual R&D investment is up more than 25% since 2011. We have also created unique linkages between consumer and shopper insights and product development, using the signs of our demand space as framework. As a result, 2013 was one of PepsiCo's best years ever for innovation with PepsiCo products accounting for nine of the top 15 new food and beverage introductions across all measured U.S. retail channels. In the first quarter of 2014, products launched over the past three years made up 8% of our total net revenues. The good news is that our innovation is becoming more incremental and is contributing to positive price mix. Fourth, the investments we made to expand our footprint in developing and emerging market are fueling our growth. As a group, D&E markets grew organic revenue 9% in the first quarter, following 10% growth for the full year in 2013. In the first quarter, Russia and Brazil led the way with double-digit organic revenue growth, followed by India which delivered high-single digit organic revenue growth. Our broad array of food and beverage products range from value to premium-priced products and enabling us to earn sales from consumers across the economic spectrum. Fifth, we are delivering on all our productivity targets and significantly lowering the cost base of the company. By leveraging our global scale, eliminating duplication and deploying new technologies, we are driving the highest level of productivity in our company's history. We are on track to achieve our three-year $3 billion productivity program in 2014 and we are poised to begin executing on our next major productivity program, targeting $5 billion over five years, beginning in 2015, focused on increasing automation, deploying more shared services model, optimizing our manufacturing footprint and optimizing our go-to-market systems. Since 2011 we've increased our core net revenue per employee by 9%, increased our core EBIT per employee by 5%, reduced net capital spending as a percentage of net revenue by 80 basis points from 4.9% for full year 2011 to 4.1% over the past four quarters, and improved our average cash conversion cycle by 33% to 24 days in 2013 from 36 days in 2011 and we continue to look in every area of our business for sensible ways to do even more. And finally, we are executing better, faster and more efficiently within our operating segments and then further benefiting through increased coordination across our product and geographic portfolios. And let me just give you a few recent examples of our complementary portfolio and our execution capabilities at work. Our Super Bowl execution demonstrated outstanding delivery of print, outdoor, mobile, digital and in-store programming. PepsiCo delivered a united effort to leverage our NFL partnership and drove unprecedented national and local impact with both consumers and customers. Each business executed the property very effectively and PepsiCo's combined activation was one of our most compelling expressions of better together, with coordinated advertising, promotions and merchandizing across our snacks and beverage portfolios, which helps drive incremental sales and share gains. Second, building on the growing consumer appetite for ridged cut chips and the strong performance of Lay's Deep Ridged chips in the U.S., U.K. and Spain in 2013, we'll offer versions of Lay's Deep Ridged potato chips in over 20 markets around the globe in 2014 with additional markets planned for 2015. Our global execution leverage is common product specifications, branding, hedged graphics and ad copy. At the same time, we've built on our beverage partnership with Buffalo Wild Wings by introducing Ruffles Deep Ridged Classic Hot Wings flavored potato chips inspired by Buffalo Wild Wings. So what we are doing is leveraging our global category structure and getting new products to market faster across more geographies, more cost effectively and in more channels. Third, during the quarter we kicked off the 2014 Pepsi soccer campaign, our largest global football marketing effort to date. Over 100 markets will be executing and locally adapting the campaign around the world. Our global superstar football squad brings together an unprecedented wealth of international talent that spans five continents and includes 19 of the world's greatest players, including the great Lionel Messi. The campaign unites the worlds of football, music and art, reaching fans with distinctive packaging, point of sale, out-of-home communication and engaging content. This program drives higher consumer awareness and regard, allows us to leverage our global scale of product complementarity and gives us the flexibility for targeted local execution. Next, our highly successful Lay's Do Us A Flavor campaign represents a great blend of global brand building elements. This campaign now expands more than 15 countries and is an excellent example of how we lived and shift best practices around the world. Breakthrough digital and mobile engagement is embedded in every single touchpoint, all the way to shelf. This year in the U.S., we've increased consumer engagement by inviting consumer to choose both flavor and type of chip. As part of this year's contest, a judging panel will narrow down the contest submissions to four finalist flavors and then these four finalist flavors will be fully developed at Frito-Lay culinary experts and unveil this summer. The winning flavor is determined by fan votes, will be revealed in November with a grand prize winner taking home $1 million. This program has driven high levels of consumer engagement and is an extremely efficient marketing tool because of the massive earned media benefit that begun on each of the markets where we launched it. And finally, we have accelerated productivity best practices across the organization. For example, as our global enterprise system or GES continues to rollout across Frito-Lay North America, we are beginning to apply the same concepts and tools to our North American beverage business and in some international markets. And these initiatives will maximize asset utilization by reducing distribution centers, leveraging automation, deploying fleet and route trucks more efficiently, and reducing inventory, while improving service and product freshness. So with all this as a backdrop, let's take a look at how the business has performed, starting with our North American businesses. Frito-Lay North America delivered another quarter of very strong results. Organic revenue grew 4% and core constant currency operating profit grew 6%. The U.S. salty snacks category continues to grow retail sales at a mid-single digit rate and Frito-Lay's delivering a good balance between volume growth and price realization. Revenue growth in the quarter was led by good performance across our five largest brands, Lay's, Tostitos, Doritos, Cheetos and Ruffles, and each grew between low and mid-single digits. We continue to execute product and packaging innovation, targeted incremental macro snack occasions, including the launches of Rold Gold Pretzel Thins, Twistos Snack Bites, Lay's Air Pops, Lay's Kettle Cooked Lattice Cut Chips and our ready-to-go market pack that offers a broad assortment of macro snacks. Quaker Foods North America delivered positive organic topline in the quarter and gained value share at retail in each of its core categories, hot cereals, ready-to-eat cereals and snack bars. Turning to North American Beverages. We are really encouraged with the continued progress we are making. In the quarter, we held U.S. liquid refreshment beverage value share and achieved positive net price realization at retail, ahead of the category and our primary competitor. Notably, PepsiCo has held or gained relative U.S. LRB value share in measured channel versus our closest competitor in each of the last four quarters. And we continue to manage the business responsibly with consistent pricing across carbonated and non-carbonated beverages. Within the LRB category, we held or gained value share across a number of important subcategories, including CSD, sports drinks and ready-to-drink tea and coffee. And we grew retail sales in measured channels in the U.S. for regular colas and Mountain Dew, both within CSD and for Gatorade, Lipton Tea, Starbucks Coffee and Naked Juice within our non-carb portfolio. We are investing in R&D to drive sustainable innovation and we are off to a good start, beginning with the first quarter launches of Brisk Half and Half, Gatorade Fierce Blue Cherry, and Kickstart Black Cherry and Limeade to name a few. In addition, we continue to expand our package offerings and we are seeing good success with strong double-digit growth in mini cans and we have more than doubled the sales of our 12 ounce glass bottles in Q1. These practices enable us to realize new price-packed revenue benefits, while providing flexibility to maintain price competitiveness. So that's the North American story. Our other developed markets in Western Europe also performed well, but organic revenue for these markets are up 3.5% in the first quarter. Let me now turn to developing and emerging markets. In Mexico, we are managing through the new taxes on certain foods and beverages that were enacted recently. We've taken pricing in snacks and our bottle has taken pricing in beverages to pass the taxes through to the consumer. In the quarter, the elasticities and volume declines in Mexico was in line with what we expected. And we have been dealing with the situation throughout the year and expected to continue to depress consumer demands, but results so far are consistent with our planned assumptions. In Venezuela, we are managing through high inflation, political unrest, supply chain disruptions and continued uncertainty regarding the applicable exchange rate. But given all these challenges our businesses in Venezuela performed well in the quarter with organic revenue up strong double-digits across both snacks and beverages. Brazil delivered double-digit organic growth, revenue growth, led by organic revenue growth in snacks. In Russia, organic revenue rose double digits, and double-digit growth in snacks and high-single digit growth in beverages. And we saw strong organic growth in a number of other East European markets, including double-digit organic revenue growth in Poland, high-single digit organic revenue growth in Turkey. Moving across to our Asia, Middle East, Africa businesses. Organic revenue growth was led by Pakistan, a strong double-digit organic revenue growth, followed by Egypt and the Philippines, which also grew double-digits and India which grew high-single digits. China organic revenue declined low-single digits in line with our expectations. Performance was muted, given strong high-single digit comparisons from Q1 of 2013 and some business disruption related to our bottlers restructuring in Q1 of 2014 to drive increase efficiency through greater integration. We expect the business to return to its normal trajectory as we enter Q3. We remain committed to the developing and emerging markets as they have a long runway for growth, driven by increasing demand for a convenient, on trend affordable products, supported by a rapidly growing middle-class and we are well-positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. Let me conclude my comments by saying we are off to a good start in 2014, with the pieces of our portfolio working together to generate healthy topline and bottomline performance. Clearly, there are a number of challenges around the globe, but the shape and resilience of our portfolio combined with strong execution and aggressive productivity should enable us to navigate successfully through the current environment. So with this, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston.
Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Let me spend a few minutes discussing the quarter and our outlook for 2014, which is in line with the full year guidance issued in mid-February. Overall, the quarter came in largely as expected with pricing actions, commodity inflation and productivity, all in line with our expectations. For Q1, organic volume grew 2% in snacks and was even versus the prior-year quarter in beverages. Organic revenue grew 4%. On a reported basis, net revenue was even versus year ago, reflecting 3 points of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and nearly 0.5 point negative impact, primarily from the franchising of our Vietnam bottling operation. Commodity inflation was up low-single digits. Our core gross margins improved about 40 basis points and core operating margins increased 50 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit grew 7% in the quarter. Our core effective tax rate was 23.7%, approximately 80 basis points below Q1 2013. Our fully diluted share count declined 1.5%, reflecting the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program and core constant currency EPS grew 10%. So between the core constant currency operating profit growth of 7% and core constant currency EPS growth of 10%, we achieved about 3 points of leverage, driven by lower interest expense or lower tax rate and share repurchases. And we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders year-to-date in the form of dividends and share repurchases during the quarter, which is 47% above year ago levels and reflective of our commitment to return cash to shareholders. Turning to guidance. The world does remain a volatile place as evidenced in places like Mexico, Venezuela and Eastern Europe. So even with the strength that we saw in the first quarter, our full year guidance remains unchanged. Consistent with what we said back in February, for the full year 2014 we expect mid-single digit organic revenue growth and core constant currency EPS growth of 7% and we expect low-single digit commodity inflation and productivity savings of approximately $1 billion. Below the division operating profit line, we expect corporate cost efficiency driven by our productivity initiatives, a core tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count from our share repurchase program. Foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings per share for the full year 2014 by approximately 3% and 4% respectively, based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2013 core EPS of $4.37 and applying our guidance implies 2014 core EPS of approximately $4.50, consistent with our prior guidance. As many of you know, the foreign exchange picture in Venezuela is very dynamic at the moment. Our first quarter results were translated to U.S. dollars at 6.3 bolivars to the U.S. dollar. Our current FX forecast, which is based on current market consensus rates assumes a blended rate of approximately 9 bolivars to the U.S. dollar for the balance of the year. To help you with the FX sensitivities on Venezuela, for the full year 2013, Venezuela generated approximately 1% of our net revenues and 2% of our operating profit. In addition, as of the end of our international Q1, which includes January and February, we have approximately $380 million of net monetary assets in Venezuela, valued at 6.3 bolivars to the U.S. dollar, which would be subject to revaluation, if there is a change in the exchange rate we use. As we did in 2013, we would expect to treat any revaluation of the net monetary assets as a non-core charge. As you model out the second quarter, I'd ask you to consider the following. First, our EMEA division will face very difficult operating profit comparison due to the following: A, a $137 million gain recorded in Q2 2013 related to the re-franchising of the company's bottling operation in Vietnam; and B, 27% year-over-year core constant currency operating profit growth in Q2 2013, when excluding the above mentioned gain. Second, foreign exchange translation should have an approximate 4 point unfavorable impact in the second quarter revenue and approximate 5 point unfavorable impact on second quarter EPS, based on current market consensus rates. Revenue in the second quarter will have an estimated 15 basis point of negative impact from structural changes due to the Vietnam re-franchising. Below the net operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the second quarter versus last year, primarily reflecting higher debt balances and higher rates. And our tax rate is expected to be higher in the second quarter of 2014 versus both, the second quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. Finally, our stepped up share repurchase activity will occur throughout the year, but is expected to have a more pronounced impact in the second half of 2014 and into 2013. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We'll continue to drive cash flow-through efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. Net capital spending should approximate $3 billion, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. We expect to return approximately $8.7 billion for shareholders in 2014, a 35% increase over 2013, through a combination of $3.7 billion in dividends and a $5 billion share repurchase program. And as a reminder, our previously announced 15% dividend per share increase will commence with the June payment. This represents the 42 consecutive year of an annual dividend increase and an approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2013 core EPS. At yesterday's closing stock price, it represents a 3.1% yield and will bring our 10-year annualized dividend per share compound annual growth to 11%. So to summarize, our 2014 outlook is unchanged from our last call. We expect to drive improved full year margins and net ROIC and discipline capital allocation and returning cash to shareholders remain top priorities for the company. With that operator, we'll take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Just wanted to talk a little bit further about Russia and maybe just the way we should think about modeling it going forward. So if you could maybe parse out for us on the double-digit growth, how much was pricing? And then maybe how the performance was snacks versus dairy? And then finally just as we're looking forward, given the exchange rate volatility, the increase in input cost there, just how we should think about modeling profitability in Russia, kind of over the next couple of quarters?
Indra Nooyi: Bryan, I'm going to provide some overall comments on Russia and then I'll transfer to Hugh to provide you more detail. Let me just say, our business in Russia is a good one. Both in Russia and Ukraine businesses are doing well. The climate there has been very friendly to business and we have great relationships with the government, the local retailers. So the business is a very good business. Clearly, the current geopolitical issues are impacting more the ruble and the Russian [indiscernible] as opposed to basic consumer demand, because they've devalued, input cost have gone up, and therefore consumer prices have had to go up. The consumer is extremely resilient in both countries at this point, so we have to watch and wait and see how things evolve. But those, as overall comment, let me just toss it to Hugh to give you some more color in details.
Hugh Johnston: For Russia in the first quarter, we had 10% revenue growth. Volume did grow across the businesses. You are calling out one of the questions that we wrestle with, which is the dairy inflation we faced in the business. The good news from that perspective is because we have such strong brands across the dairy category and as a leader there in many of those brands, we do have the ability to take pricing successful and that's where the consumer has been quite resilient against that pricing. So I would expect to see some level of volume growth and then we will continue to take pricing to cover the vast majority of our inflation in the country. And we expect that we're going to see continued profit growth coming out of Russia. And that's true across all of the businesses, snacks and beverages.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Just want to talk a little bit about the pricing environment in North America in CSDs. You guys are reporting solid pricing. Coke, mean to say, Cokes had the pricing for carbonated soft drinks was up. We're not really seeing that in the market in terms of looking at the syndicated data. So could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the category? Whether some of the discounting we've seen has been able to stabilize demand a little bit? And then how you see the pricing going as we look into the summer selling season.
Indra Nooyi: I think at this point, I'd say we have been extremely disciplined in pricing across all parts of the LRB portfolio in all channels. Now and then we see some interesting pricing behavior in one retail channel or in one category, but as far as PepsiCo is concerned, John, we have, as we've communicated with you, decided to be extremely responsible and take pricing up both in carbs and non-carbs and that's what we've been doing in all channels. Going to the summer selling season, that's going to be our strategy going forward, I think especially in the category like CSDs, taking down pricing is not going to drive up demand too much. So I think we have to play the overall LRB portfolio very, very carefully and balance pricing between CSDs and non-carbs and figure out a way to grow the whole pie very, very carefully. That's what we are doing and that's what we hope to see in the marketplace going into the year, but we can only talk about ourselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping to just get a little bit more color on Mexico. You talked about the elasticity being pretty in line with your expectation. Can you talk about how much volume was down in beverages and snacks? Any major differences you're seeing from a consumer reaction perspective across both categories? And then a key be, is it profit decline that we saw in the first quarter, can you just talk about how much that was with Mexico?
Indra Nooyi: Judi, I mean the details on the volume decline in Mexico, things like that, we're not going to give you that level of detail, but overall I'll tell you, we've modeled out a trend that have elasticity. And interestingly, it's coming in exactly as we modeled out. But let's be careful here. It's only about three months into the year after the taxes have gone into effect and it's going to effect on multiple, multiple, multiple categories, but the Mexican consumer is trying to figure out how to rebalance their basket. So I think we're going to let this thing play out another month or two, because our first quarter was just two month, so let's wait and see how this plays out in the next three or four months. And I think we'll get a much better read as to what this taxation is going to do in Mexico and also what strategies we can deploy in terms of revenue management to really address price points for the consumer -- that would attract the consumer. So I'll tell you as an economy, Mexico remains robust and we still believe enormously in the Mexican economy. I think we have to give it time to allow this taxation to play through.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Hugh, the international profit results were very strong even against the tough comp and excluding the gain and better than expected FX. From a margin perspective, should we view the Q1 strength as an aberration in a light seasonal quarter? Do you think the strong performance can continue in the balance of the year? And then also, can you give us update on the potential for emerging markets margins to expand longer-term as you gain scale and if we should expect an inflection point in emerging markets margins any time soon?
Indra Nooyi: Go ahead, Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: A couple of things on that. Yes, you're right. The emerging or the international margins expanded probably more than you're going to consistently see across the board in the first quarter. The productivity programs are kicking into the place and obviously that's helping us. In addition to that, some of the new pricing that we putted in is helping as well, but Q1 was probably a bit better than what you would expect over the course of the year. The balancing act, of course, in developing and emerging markets as we have talked about before is one of how rapidly do you increase margins versus pricing a bit below your commodity inflation, in order to increase consumer adoption of our products and our categories, and also frankly to build competitive strength for ourselves through scaling and gaining market share across the businesses. I do think that by virtue of the scale gains, we will see natural margin accretion over time. To some degree, given the investments that we've made in brands, we can control how quickly we increase the margins in those businesses. But frankly, what we're trying to do is build great competitive fortresses around the rest of the world, in places like Brazil and places like Russia and in places like India and China, in order to frankly generate lots of long-term value for shareholders. So the strategy we're following is to capture sufficient short-term financial gains in those markets, yet at the same time build great fortresses like we have here in North America for the long haul, in both the snacks and the beverage business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Couple of quick ones. Just in terms of cash flow in the quarter, I mean it looked like there were some working capital anomalies, and I know you've maintained your cash flow guidance for the year. So could you just explain kind of what happened there? And then I just have a really quick follow-up.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bill, you're right. This is Hugh. We had some timing on payments and a few timing items on inventory as well. Those are correct. In fact, they're already correcting through margin. And as we get to the full year, you will see the cash flow come in exactly as we expected. As you try to manage cash flow, managing on a quarterly basis our cash flow is a little bit trickier than earnings on a quarterly basis. You're going to see some more bumps and it will be a bit more inconsistent, but I would expect the cash flow to come in as we expected for the year. And working capital will improve strongly during the year.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: And then just, maybe it's too early, but can you just give us some early reads on the Pepsi next launch in Canada and kind of what you guys are thinking so far?
Indra Nooyi: I think it's hardly a couple of weeks since the launch, so let's wait and see. It's too early to call any results from that, because typically it takes about three to four months before you can get a first read. So let's wait and see how it evolves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: Just wondering, there is a huge disconnect between the results, topline that Coke put up in Europe and you. And obviously Russia is a huge part of your Europe business, but in Western Europe and the U.K. in particular, which is a big business for you, could you talk about how your European beverage business performed? And what you're seeing in that market, please?
Indra Nooyi: I just think, our European business again, investments in brands, investments in stepped-up execution is all beginning to payoff. And our bottling partners are also performing very well. And I'd say across the board, pretty much in every country in Western Europe and parts of Eastern Europe, whether it's a company-own bottling operation or a franchise operation, first, our bottlers are healthy, which helps. And on top of that, they are executing exceeding well. And I think the portfolio plays in our favor too. Pepsi MAX, for example, is a wonderful, wonderful product and is doing very well in the U.K., in the Nordic countries. So the choice of the portfolio works. The fact that we have financially strong bottlers helps. And third, I think businesses like Tropicana doing exceedingly well in France and the U.K. So we have on target products, healthy bottlers and great execution, and together they're all beginning to work in Europe. So we're feeling good about the shape of the portfolio. And what I'd say is, what we can control, we're doing well. When it comes to geopolitics or macroeconomic turmoil, we try to navigate through it. But what we can control, we are doing a very job with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with UBS.
Steve Powers - UBS: Indra, I thought maybe we could just talk a little bit about the productivity programs, $8 billion effectively over eight years is clearly impressive, and about a $1 billion per year run rate its about 10% less to EBITDA or is equal. Obviously that's not the expected flow-through, so can you give us just a little bit more sense of where the productivity is going from, in terms of reinvestments And how you're measuring return on that investment, and then also in terms of where the productivity is being sourced from? It sounded like from some of your comments that there is a shift going on, changes of focus perhaps between Frito-Lay in North America to beverages, but is that correct, and perhaps maybe some quantification around the productivity opportunities there?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh wants to take it and then I'll add to it.
Hugh Johnston: First, in order to understand all these numbers, it maybe helpful to give a bit of context on the overall environment they're operating within. The cost base that we're drawing productivity from is what we refer to is operating expense. What's important is what that excludes. That excludes A&M, that excludes any financing cost below the line, and tax and things like that, that also excludes commodity. So it's really kind of the operating expense of the company, including corporate expenses. So that's point number one. It's about $28 billion, $29 billion in terms of the overall size of that bucket. So when you're talking about $1 billion a year of productivity, you're talking about somewhere between 3.5% and 4% productivity out of that bucket. For a company that's a growth company, that's really quite strong productivity. We benchmark that against other companies that grow the revenues in mid single-digits and we do feel quite confident about that strong productivity. Now, to your question around where does it go? That question is really a margin question, which is a bit more complex. But let me share a few thoughts that may help you bottle it and also just give you a little bit of an understanding of how it works. Number one, based on our mix of countries, of course, there is operating expense inflation inside of those operating cost. The operating expense inflation inside of that bucket is also going to run in the 3% to 4% range depending on the particular year. Drivers of that obviously are labor increases. That bucket is about half labor cost, and obviously that's naturally inflationary. In addition to that as the business grows, it is somewhat volume variable. So you're going to get a better growth in those expenses based on volume increases as well. So that's a bit of an offset as you think about the margin flow-through. The second margin flow-through question is around geographic mix. Obviously, we're growing more quickly in developing and emerging markets. As Dara asked about earlier, margins in those markets are lower. The natural drag out of those markets is probably about 30 basis points per year. Now that's something that, if we were to take our prices more aggressively we could chose to mitigate, but frankly for shareholder value creation over a five-year timeframe, we think that's the wrong decision. So we're willing to live with that 30 basis point margin drag. And then the third piece is how we manage pricing in individual markets, is both an outcome of what our pricing strategy is vis--vis commodities, and in addition to that, what the competitive situation is in that particular market. So that tends to be a bit of a margin drag as well. So when you put all of those pieces together, I think what you can expect from us is, is that margin improvement overall of about 30 basis points or so per year. We ought to be able to do that on a reasonably consistent basis, and combined that with the mid single-digit revenue growth and below the line leverage, I think our long-term guidance have high single-digit is what you'd be thinking about. So hopefully that gives you some sense as to taking the productivity and mapping it all the way through to the guidance. If you'd like to spend more time on that, obviously, Jamie and the team can spend more time with you.
Indra Nooyi: And the productivity in Frito-Lay and North American beverages, it's across every part of the company. And as Hugh said, it's in G&A, it's literally corporate costs, everything. What we don't talk to is A&M and R&D. Those are the two that we've said are protected. We'll focus on ROI on those two investments, but we're not going to cut that to make the numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel: Two questions. I'm hoping to try to better understand from the thinking that you and your board have on TSR and CEO transition. On TSR, the 35% increase that you're announcing again, so to speak, or is a repeat of what we heard from the fourth quarter, is a very healthy, nice, good number. Can you give us some sense about the philosophy driving that? I think one thing I'm really trying to better understand is you're putting optimal leverage target out there, do you do something to help us think beyond '14, how we should be thinking about how much cash shareholders get back from the company, again from a beyond '14 perspective? So looking for some color on TSR? And then simply any update on, Indra, how you are thinking and the larger Board is thinking on the subject of CEO transition?
Indra Nooyi: You want to take this up, and I will talk about CEO transition.
Hugh Johnston: Mark, from the perspective of TSR, I guess in terms of going beyond 2014, we haven't provided any specific guidance around share repurchase. We'll do that as we get into the next year. We've got a long history of share repurchase. We've been repurchasing our shares since 2001. So there is certainly a reasonable expectation that the share repurchase will continue to be relatively high. I don't want to get into 2015 guidance on share repo until we get closer to that timeframe. In terms of TSR, though, perhaps from a different perspective, I would think about it from the standpoint of our long-term guidance is high single-digit EPS. So let's take the midpoint of that over time, and call it 8%. That's probably a reasonable proxy for share price increase assuming the market holds relatively stable. Add to that, the dividend yield, right now that yield is, as I mentioned earlier, 3.1%. It's probably going to wind up hovering around the 3% range over time. So I would think of an 11 TSR is probably being a reasonable range to expect out of PepsiCo. We think with that combination of high-single digit EPS and a 3% or so yield, that's probably going to be near the top of the class in terms of TSR within the CPG space and within the F&B space. So that's the way I would think about it, more focusing on the TSR rather than the short-term cash return forecast.
Indra Nooyi: And in terms of succession, Mark, we start talking about CEO succession and all C-suite succession, the day after you appoint anybody into that job, because we have a very, very orderly succession process. The Board reviews it every other board meeting. We look at emergency succession, long-term succession. We have very deliberate talent development models within the company. And PepsiCo is known for that. We have an outstanding group of leaders within the company who can assume bigger and bigger jobs, but let me assure you at this point, I'm still on the Chair.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo.
Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo: I just have a quick question on the double-digit increase in your advertising and marketing expense for Frito-Lay and if we should expect that level of investment to continue? And then you've reported flat organic beverage volume growth in North America this quarter, which is quite positive. So could you drill down a little further and maybe give us an idea where some of this strength came from in terms of channels and brands?
Indra Nooyi: I will take the beverage question and then Hugh you can take the question on the A&M and Frito-Lay. As I mentioned on my prepared remarks, Bonnie, I tell you, we had a very, very good first quarter in North American beverages. I think we had growth across the board in all parts of the portfolio. We gained or held value share in CSDs, sports drink, ready-to-drink tea, coffee. We grew retail sales in measured channels in the U.S. for regular cola's and Mountain Dew within CSDs. Gatorade, Lipton Tea, Starbucks Coffee, Naked Juice and non-carbs, this is one of those quarters, in spite of the fact that we had bad weather for some of the days of the first quarter, which caused some routes not to service accounts, this is the quarter where innovation stuck, our execution was terrific, and we just performed well. But let's also make sure we recognize that now for several quarters, we have held or gained value share in U.S. LRB in measured channels. So I think all the investments, the focus on execution, brand building in North American Beverages is beginning to payoff. We're feeling good about the prospects in this business.
Hugh Johnston: And Bonnie, I will talk about the advertising and marketing spending in Frito-Lay. Obviously, when we increase A&M across the company, a couple of years ago, Frito-Lay certainly got their share of that increase. And it's worked, is the great news. We've seen the brand equity score has increased. And we've seen our ability to price successfully increase because the brands are stronger. Regarding go-forward, what we've said is, we do not expect A&M as a percent of revenue to go down. So that will line in the centers, as Indra mentioned, regarding where we sit as a company. Beyond that, it really comes down to not a strategic move anymore. We need to increase A&M for the competitive reasons, because we think we're underspending. But frankly, we'll base it on the opportunities that we see in the demand spaces that we're working within and within the innovation ideas that we have. So you might see a growth faster than revenue in a year or two, because we have some great products that we're putting out there. You might see it, because we have a great combination idea of something we want to advertise between the beverage business and the snack food business, and we'll always take advantages of those opportunities when we have that kind of an insight. But there is no strategy to increase A&M faster than revenue with Frito-Lay. I would expect to see them grow basically in line. That's a big idea.
Indra Nooyi: So let me just bring this to a close. Thank you all for your questions. In closing, I think we have taken the necessary steps to position ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. We're off to a good start in 2014 and we've done a good job navigating through an uncertain and volatile environment. And I believe the first quarter of 2014 is a good example of how well-constructive portfolio, appropriate investment and disciplined execution can drive high quality top and bottomline results. Our first quarter results give me confidence that our plans are working and that we are on track to deliver our financial goals in 2014. So let me thank you for your time this morning and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America John Faucher - JPMorgan Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Mark Schwartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Caroline Levy - CLSA
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos year-end 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thanks, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO, and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off todays call with a review of our 2013 performance and 2014 outlook, and then well move on to Q&A.  In an effort to get to as many analyst questions as possible within the hour, were going to have a one-question limit, so we should be able to get through the full queue of analysts when we get to the Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2014 guidance and our long-term targets, based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements.  Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated all references to EPS and operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes, and foreign exchange translation.  To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCos financial results, please refer to the glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos website under the Events & Presentations tab.  . Now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi. 
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone, and thank you very much for joining us this morning. As we close our 2013 and look ahead to 2014 and beyond, we have a few key themes wed like to share with you.  Through a multiyear process, weve largely transformed PepsiCo for sustained performance. We are executing on our plan to deliver on our stated goals. This execution has enabled us to deliver and in many cases exceed all of our financial goals in 2013. Our portfolio is complementary and our geographic and product portfolio positions us well for sustainable growth. We believe that our portfolio, as currently constructed, positions us to maximize value creation. As a result, we are not making significant structural changes, including to North American Beverages. We are extending our $1 billion annual productivity savings target through 2019. Our 2014 guidance is in line with our long term financial targets, and the actions that were taking to execute our strategy provide us further confidence in the long term durability of these targets. Consistent with our commitment to disciplined capital allocation, were increasing our cash returns to shareholders by 35% in 2014, significantly stepping up both our dividends and share repurchases to a total of $8.7 billion while maintaining appropriate capital investment in the business. Finally, and most importantly, our recently completed [all health] survey tells us that our associates are motivated, engaged, and positive about being part of, and the future of, PepsiCo. So let me walk you through each of these themes. As you know, over the past few years, weve had to address a number of macro trends that have reshaped and will continue to shape our industry. We made the required investments and changes to preemptively transform ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities these shifts presented and to position the company for long term growth and value creation.  First, we expanded our presence and plans to grow in developing and emerging markets in response to a shift in the [unintelligible] of global growth.  Second, we continue to balance our portfolio of offerings to include more nutrition and healthy offerings while increasing the [permissibility] of our social snacks and beverages by reducing calories and sodium in key products to address consumers growing concern with health and wellness. Third, weve stepped up investment in R&D, digital capabilities, and food quality and safety in acknowledgement that social media is an ever-increasing powerful force with greater availability of more sophisticated tools and product formulations and food safety and security are now greatly enhanced by more tools providing ingredient traceability.  Fourth, we invested to enhance the equity of our $22 billion brand, which together accounts for more than 70% of our total revenue. We also upgraded our revenue management skills to give us the ability to take pricing.  Fifth, we built a cultural productivity into the company to deal with the reality of a volatile and inflationary commodity environment. Sixth, we designed sustainability into our operations in response to growing environmental consciousness. And lastly, on the talent front, we upgraded our skills through selective hiring in several new and emerging areas, and we completely revamped our talent management processes and training curriculum with a view to equipping our people with the skills needed to perform better in a volatile environment.  Through these transformative actions, we have fundamentally changed the profile of the company. Our product profile has grown from fun for you to a more balanced offering of good for you, better for you, and fun for you products.  Geographically, weve shifted PepsiCo to a company with a more balanced global footprint, and our culture has shifted to a decentralized one with businesses operating completely independently through what we refer to as connected autonomy, a model that combines the best of an entrepreneurial ownership culture with the benefits of global scale and coordination. As a result, PepsiCo today is positioned to deliver, over the long term, top-tier financial performance and value creation for our shareholders. Our 2013 results demonstrate our portfolio strength and execution capabilities. Despite a challenging macro-environment, we delivered strong and well-balanced operating performance in 2013. Organic revenue grew mid-single digits, both gross and operating margins expanded, cash flow is very strong, and we managed our portfolio of businesses effectively.  Let me comment briefly on each of our businesses, beginning with North American beverages. We are encouraged with the progress weve made in North American beverages but the category remains challenged. We have managed the business responsibly, achieving 2.5 points of price realization at retail while stabilizing our share performance in measured channels and generating profit growth. We were especially pleased with the successful innovation in North American beverages with four products, Mountain Dew Kickstart, Gatorade Frost Glacier Cherry, Starbucks Iced Coffee, and Lipton Pure Leaf, on track to achieve $100 million in annual retail sales. This success was realized with strict execution against initiatives and the stepped up investment levels we made in 2012. We feel good about North American beverages.  Frito Lay in North America delivered consistent, solid performance throughout 2013. Organic revenue growth of 4% in the quarter and for the full year was well-balanced between volume and price. Our innovation was also very strong at Frito Lay, including Tostitos Cantina, Lays Do Us A Flavor, Cheetos Mix Ups, and the new flavors of Doritos Jack and Tostitos Artisan. And the business delivered solid operating leverage and margin expansion, with core constant currency operating profit growth of 7% for the quarter and 6% for the full year. We have good momentum and were seeing returns from all of the investments weve made to strengthen our inside capabilities, brand, and go-to-market systems. So again, we feel very good about the outlook for this business.  Our other developed markets also showed solid performance during 2013, with organic revenue growth in our overall Western Europe business. While macroeconomic data shows signs of improvement, developed world economies outside the United States remain sluggish. We have relatively limited exposure to slow growth areas such as Southern Europe and Japan, so the shape of our portfolio shields us from these challenges to a degree. Turning now to our developing and emerging markets, these continue to perform well, despite some volatility in key regions. As a group, our D&E markets posted 10% organic revenue growth for the year, with double-digit growth in China in both snacks and beverages, double-digit growth in Pakistan, high single-digit growth in Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Mexico, and Turkey, just to name a few. These markets have a long run rate for growth, driven by increasing demand for our convenient, on-trend, affordable products supported by rapidly growing middle class. The investments that weve made in these markets place us in an advantaged position.  The shape and resilience of our portfolio, combined with strong execution across the value chain, enables us to meet, and in many instances exceed, our 2013 financial goals. Organic revenue grew 4%, in line with our mid-single digit target. Core operating margin expanded 40 basis points, in line with our goal of 30 to 50 basis point expansion. We delivered over $900 million of productivity savings, slightly ahead of our target. Core constant currency EPS grew 9%, ahead of our 2013 guidance, and at the high end of our long term, high single-digit goal.  Free cash flow, excluding certain items, was $8.2 billion, well ahead of our 2013 goal, driven by exceptional working capital management and disciplined capital spending. Core net return on invested capital improved 110 basis points, 60 points ahead of our target, and cash returns to shareholders were $6.4 billion, right in line with our target. So, we feel very good about the financial performance of the business. Just as importantly, weve continued to invest in the business to ensure the sustainability of our performance well into the future. [A&M] as a percentage of sales was up 70 basis points compared to 2011, and we continue to invest in innovation. Our R&D spending has increased over 25% since 2011. We improved our capabilities in food quality and safety, invested in multiple process technologies, both to reduce cost and deliver new capabilities, and we invested in product innovation. In 2013, we had one of our most successful years ever in new product launches, with six new products in the United States, on track to achieve $100 million in annual retail sales. And this is a first for PepsiCo. So we feel good about our 2013. Turning now to our portfolio, its evenly distributed across snacks and beverages, both of which are attractive global categories. And within these categories, theres a highly attractive portfolio of nutritious products, including brands like Quaker in grain, Tropicana in naked fruits and vegetables, and Gatorade in sports nutrition. Our geographic footprint is very well balanced, with 35% of our net revenue in high-growth developing and emerging markets and about two-thirds in stable, highly profitable developed markets. Our portfolio is also truly better together, or what we refer to as the power of one. Our entire portfolio is focused on taste and convenience. Our products are purchased together and consumed together. Our presence in beverages supports our snacks growth, and the heft of our portfolio positions us as the largest food and beverage business in many of our key markets, and this makes us a key partner to retailers and food service customers. We realize $800 million to $1 billion in annual savings by operating our business as one. Our priorities for managing the portfolio are very clear. In developed markets snacks, where we have an incredibly strong business that combines high market share and high margins, we intend to defend and grow our share of salty snacks.  We want to grow organically into the broader macro snacks space, and this will leverage our core salty snacks foundation capabilities to capture a broader range of day parts and locations. And we want to leverage our beverage business to increase our snack trends in the large, profitable food service business.  In developed market beverages, a huge category where we have good competitive positions in many markets, here we intend to sensibly defend our LRB share and improve margins and returns with an intense focus on unlocking productivity, especially in North America. And we are focused on achieving product disruption and differentiation through science-based R&D , especially in the area of sweetener innovation. In our developing and emerging markets, where we have strong salty snack shares in most markets, and leadership of [parity] system beverage positions in many key markets, we intend to continue to build our share positions, capture our fair share of growing beverage locations, and selectively pursue tuck-in acquisitions to build out our scale and our geographic footprint.  And in the nutrition arena, where we are one of the leading [unintelligible] globally in everyday nutrition, we intend to benefit from the high growth of this category, leveraging the presence and scale of our existing businesses. Now, these category country combinations, with their demographic tailwinds and related product diversity, give us line of sight to our mid-single digit organic revenue growth goal. From a category perspective, we expect our global beverage business to grow revenue in the low to mid-single digits and global snacks and nutrition to grow revenue in the mid-single digits. From a market perspective, we expect developed markets to grow revenue low to mid-single digits and our developing and emerging markets to grow revenue high single to low double-digits. Based on this growth profile, and because we have full operating businesses in snacks, we expect about two-thirds of our revenue growth to come from snacks, and from a geographic perspective, about two-thirds of our revenue growth to come from developing and emerging markets. As a result, over time, our business mix will gradually shift to be more heavily weighted toward snacks and more heavily weighted towards developing and emerging markets than we are today. This revenue growth profile is the foundation of PepsiCos reliable long term growth model. So how does this all translate to future results? From a geographic perspective, each market type plays an important role in our portfolio. Emerging markets have primarily top line growth drivers, with some potential for margin improvement in the short term. Developing markets drive balanced top line growth and margin and ROIC improvement, and developed markets contribute relatively less to top line growth but at very attractive margins and returns, and are prodigious cash flow generators, and this is true of both snacks and beverages. So, holistically, this portfolio provides a platform for balanced growth, margin, and return improvement for sustainable future growth opportunities, cementing the durability of our long term core constant currency EPS algorithm and superior cash returns to shareholders, all of which leads to top tier total shareholder return. But as many of you know, we did commit to reexamine our North American beverage businesss role in our portfolio, especially given some of the recent challenges in the category. So let me start off by saying that our highly integrated food and beverage portfolio positions us as a vital supplier to our retail trade customers, where we are the single largest supplier in many instances. Decoupling our beverage and snack business in North America would significantly reduce our relevance to our customers. Within most of our largest grocery channel customers, we would fall from being the top supplier to a top four or below supplier, and in the mass merchant drug channels, we would drop below the top 10. In addition, we would forfeit a number of synergies within North America, including shared procurement, consumer and customer insights organizations, joint advertising, and use of major properties like the NFL and Major League Baseball, and joint promotional and display activity and coordinated national account activity. So, with all of this as a background, we undertook our evaluation of the overall category and our competitive position within it. Let me provide you with some facts. First, liquid refreshment beverages in North America continue to be the largest food and beverage category by a wide margin. It drives tremendous traffic and cash flow for retailers. It also plays a very important role in food away from home, where food service customers are increasingly using beverage offerings to drive excitement and profitability. And PepsiCo is relatively well-positioned within the LRB category. We are the LRB leader in measured channels. We are the clear share leader in non-carbs, with leading positions in many segments. Our CSD portfolio has a 0.8x relative market share, with Mountain Dew the fastest-growing CSD trademark. We are making slow and steady progress growing our share in food away from home. We believe the opportunities are many. Theres no question that the growth of the LRB category in North America has slowed, and within this overall industry, the cola segment is particularly challenged, as consumers look for alternative beverage offerings.  PepsiCos exposure to colas is less than 25% of our total North American beverage portfolio, and less than 15% of our total North American business. We believe that the cola category is still relevant to consumers, but is going through a secular change as consumers look to address the twin issues of calories and artificial sweeteners. We have several great tasting cola product variations using zero calorie natural sweeteners blended with sugar that were testing in various markets in the world. And so far, these test results are promising. However, our U.S. launches of these sweeteners will begin this year, primarily with non-cola products, to build and test consumer acceptance before we launch low-calorie naturally sweetened cola products.  Additionally, we are encouraged by the progress we made in 2013 in our North American beverage performance. Our objective was to hold or grow LRB value share relative to our primary competitor. And as you can see, our LRB value share performance for the full year 2013 was even with primary competition, based on IRI all measured channel data. Whats notable there is that we also achieved very strong net price realization at retail across virtually every major subcategory, while holding our value share position. Net-net, we feel cautiously optimistic about our prospects in the North American LRB market.  So when we reevaluated structural alternatives for the North American beverage business, we established very clear principles to guide our decision. First, we would not return to the contracted franchisee/franchiser model of the past. We needed a structure that ensures rapid decision making with low coordination costs and friction. We needed to limit value chain decoupling and operating redundancies.  We did not want to competitively disadvantage our North American beverage business, and we wanted to maintain control over core strategic activities of our global beverage business, such as marketing, innovation, and R&D. We knew we had to maintain or advance our alignment with national accounts, and it didnt make sense to sacrifice meaningful scale advantages of the PepsiCo system. So our assessment was driven by a highly objective consideration of what structure would create the greatest, most sustainable shareholder value. And we studied numerous structures, from a full separation of North American beverages from PepsiCo to a separate of some elements of the traditional bottling operations, and everything else in between. We used the best bankers and consultants to think about structural alternatives, all with an eye to creating long term shareholder value.  And after an exhaustive analysis and review with our board of directors, weve concluded that North American beverages creates value and is optimized within PepsiCos structure today. Any structural separation would, among other things, result in loss of significant synergies, both between snacks and beverages in North America and between North American beverages and the balance of our international beverage operations.  It would significantly decrease our relevance to U.S. retailers and jeopardize our ability to grow in food service. It would make our remaining international beverage business less competitive, and finally, it would forfeit the potential value creation of investments weve made in sweetener technologies, the full benefits realization of our A&M investment and year-end productivity savings. So, weve concluded that ownership by PepsiCo of the North American beverage business in its current form maximizes shareholder value, because our current ownership structure allows for optimally aligned objectives and execution, allows us to capture potential upside from innovation and productivity, enables us to continue to benefit from scale advantages, and finally, it continues to provide access to the U.S. cash flow that is so important to our shareholder cash return model. Thats North American beverages. Let me now turn to productivity. You know, back in 2012, we announced a major three-year, $3 billion program enabled in part by our SAP investments, which began in 2002 and our new operating model, which we put in place in 2011, that allows us to lift and shift best practices across the company to improve both the efficiency and effectiveness of our enterprise. Last year, we also told you that we had begun work on the next tranche of productivity, mostly enabled by our operating model, which is gaining traction in the company, and the availability of new technology and tools. So today we are pleased to announce this next productivity program, $5 billion over five years, beginning in 2015, and also to tell you that we are on track to achieve the $3 billion, three-year program we announced in 2012. So as we enter our next phase of productivity, let me provide some color to the areas were focused on. The first is embedding more automation in our operations to replace labor with capital. An example here would be further automating packaging in our snack plant, where secondary packaging hot of products remains a highly manual process. The second area is expanding shared services, including global financial shared services for the handling of routine back office transaction processing. The third area is restructuring manufacturing to optimize our global manufacturing footprint. Examples here would be evolving from local to regional manufacturing networks and adopting more third-party manufacturing. And the fourth area is restructuring our go-to-market systems to optimize our distribution network. Let me give you a couple of examples under the go-to-market systems. The first is our global enterprise system, or GES, at Frito Lay North America. GES is significantly reducing the amount of manual handling of our products up and down the supply chain.  Because we have such a high transaction rate, every touch of a case or a bag drives a lot of labor cost. GES minimizes product touches between the plant and customer location through streamlined distribution center networks, in some cases delivering direct from the plant to the store. The benefits extend to capital, labor, inventory, and fleet fuel reductions.  This model continues to roll out across Frito Lay North America and is now being applied to the North American beverage business, where we are maximizing asset utilization by reducing distribution centers, leveraging automation, deploying fleet and route trucks more efficiently, and reducing inventory while improving service and product freshness. Were encouraged with the progress being made, and have a long runway of savings opportunities ahead of us. Another initiative is implementation across PepsiCo of the global transportation management system, a leading example of global IT systems driving productivity at PepsiCo. GTMS enables the data, analytics, and processes to effectively manage our consolidated transportation network. We can model different asset choices, consider inbound freight to optimize traffic lanes and maximize every load, and we can do this regardless of whether its a common carrier or company owned fleet. And leveraging this North America systems foundation, weve now developed a global template and our GTMS is live in Mexico, Brazil, and Russia. Its now being expanded to Egypt, Saudi, Australia, and other parts of South America. So these are some of the examples of initiatives that enable the five-year, $5 billion productivity program.  A portion of these savings will be generated from labor cost efficiency. As you can understand, such initiatives have people implications globally at all levels. In addition to providing transition support, PepsiCo is establishing a fund for eligible front line employees to provide job training to assist them in their pursuit of employment opportunities outside the company. Over the next 60 days, we will finalize the details of how this fund will be administered. The cost of this fund is captured within the economics of our productivity program.  So let me sum up before I hand off to Hugh for the 2014 guidance. First, execution of our strategy enabled us to meet and exceed our 2013 financial goals. Second, we are confident that our continued execution will enable us to do so again in 2014. Our geographic and product portfolio positions us well for future growth and at the same time provides an attractive shareholder cash return model. Were announcing a new five-year, $5 billion productivity program through 2019, strengthening the durability and duration of our expected financial performance. And finally, we are substantially increasing our cash returns, up 35% versus 2013, consistent with our commitment to disciplined capital allocation. So let me now turn it to Hugh Johnston. Hugh? 
Hugh Johnston : Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Let me spend a few minutes discussing our outlook for 2014, which is in line with our long term objectives. We expect another year of mid-single digit organic revenue growth.  We expect operating margin expansion as top line growth and productivity should offset negative geographic mix and cost inflation. Below the division operating profit line, we expect corporate cost efficiency and approximately 25% core tax rate and a reduced share count.  All-in, we expect core constant currency EPS growth of 7%. Foreign exchange is expected to impact revenue and core earnings per share by approximately 3% and 4% respectively, based on current market consensus rates.  Taking our 2013 core EPS of $4.37 and applying our guidance implies a 2014 core EPS of approximately $4.50. Our outlook appropriately factors in both tailwinds and headwinds. To the positive, we expect to generate over $1 billion of productivity savings in 2014, which will offset operating cost inflation.  We feel very good about our innovation agenda, which should enable us to sustain our organic revenue growth rate. Our share count will benefit from stepped up share repurchases, although we wont recognize the full benefit of the 2014 purchases within 2014 as theyll be made throughout the year with some of the share count reduction falling into 2015. Our tax rate will be lower, and is estimated to come in for the full year at approximately 25%, which we expect to be able to sustain for the foreseeable future. And we will realize a modest benefit from pension expense, due to a higher discount rate. In terms of headwinds, the food and beverage taxes enacted in Mexico will impact both top line growth and profitability. The rate of our commodity cost inflation will be higher in 2014 than in 2015. Foreign exchange translation, and to a lesser extent transaction, will be a significant drag on our U.S. dollar results and we expect continued challenges in demand for colas. Finally, as you model out the quarters for 2014, please note the following. For the first quarter of 2014, we expect foreign exchange translation to have an approximately 4% impact on net revenue and 6% impact on core earnings per share based on current market consensus rates. In addition, we expect structural changes, primarily the refranchising of beverage operations in Vietnam, to impact first quarter revenue by approximately half a percentage point. The second quarter of 2013 included a $137 million gain from the refranchising of our Vietnam operations, the majority of which was invested back into the business during Q2 through Q4. The phasing of this gain versus reinvestment will impact core EPS growth during Q2 through Q4. Finally, our stepped up share repurchase activity will occur throughout the year but should have a more pronounced impact in the back half of 2014 and into 2015. Our long term goals remain intact: mid-single digit organic revenue growth, core operating margins expanding 30 to 50 basis points per year, high single-digit core constant currency EPS growth, free cash flow, excluding certain items, growing roughly in line with earnings, and core net ROIC improving 50 basis points per year. We intend to responsibly manage the business for top line growth, drive productivity, and reinvest appropriately to position PepsiCo for sustainable growth for the long term. And, we plan to remain highly disciplined toward capital allocation, with the vast majority of free cash flow after capital spending being returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. So, based on our assessment of the strong and sustainable cash flow generation capacity of the portfolio, driven by our expectation of mid-single digit organic revenue growth, robust productivity programs, and efficient capital investment, were pleased to announce today that well substantially increase our cash returns to shareholders in 2014. This decision is consistent with our commitment to disciplined capital allocation and our strong bias to returning cash to our investors. First, were increasing our dividend per share by 15%, beginning with our 2014 June payment, to $2.62 on an annualized basis. This represents the 42nd consecutive year of annual dividend increase, and approximately 60% payout ratio based on 2013 core EPS. At todays stock price, it represents a 3.2% yield and will bring our 10-year annualized dividend per share compound annual growth to 11%. And were further increasing expected shareholder cash returns with a targeted $5 billion share repurchase target. This represents a 67% increase over our 2013 repurchase, and is approximately 4% of our market capitalization. While doing so, we expect to maintain tier one commercial paper access, enabling us to retain low cost, highly accessible, financing. Taken together, these actions reflect a 35% increase in total shareholder cash returns compared to 2013, and will bring our cumulative 10-year cash returns to shareholders to over $60 billion. As many of you know, we have stated disciplined capital allocation as a top priority for our management and our board, and we trust these actions will be seen by our shareholders as tangible evidence of this commitment. With that, well take the first question. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question is coming from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley : On the NA beverage side, it sounds like the decision to not pursue structural options is more of a permanent one, as opposed to a decision just for now, given the current environment. That could change down the road. Is that the right way to think about the decision? And then also can you give us more insight on how you expect to turn around trends in NA beverages going forward in its current state, given youre not making structural changes and were still seeing weakness here in the market share trends and profitability?
Indra Nooyi: Lets start off with the performance in 2013. Its very important to put NAB in context. If you look at measured channel performance, because thats where we are not disadvantaged, because in the past, clearly in food service we were disadvantaged. In [unintelligible], which is measured channels, we actually held value share versus our primary competitor in 2013. So we feel very good about that. This is focus on value share. Weve got price realization. Weve played the game very responsibly, which is what you do when categories are going through the volatility that LRB was going through. And importantly, in many subsegments of the LRB business, we gained share. And even within CSDs, products like Mountain Dew did exceedingly well. So Id say that the core metrics on LRB performance are trending upwards. On food service, which is, as you know, a good size of the market, these are long term contracts, and youve got to enter those markets very, very carefully. And where we did bid on food service accounts, we did win them. And so we feel good about the fact that our integrated portfolio of snacks and beverages is now giving us some wins, and I think this has term run rate for growth, and we feel good about that too.  So park that core performance aside. Let me now talk about our decision. We studied North American beverages and beverages in total in our portfolio exhaustively. We spent a whole year looking at this, and there isnt a stone that we didnt turn over. And Ill tell you, at the end of the day, we concluded that long term value is maximized with NAB staying in PepsiCos portfolio. I think its very, very important we return to focusing on running the business, minimizing the disruption, but more importantly, I think it would help hugely if we could just let our North American beverage business employees focus on running the business as opposed to worrying about what the future is going to be. I think the study weve done was exhaustive. There isnt a bank or consultant that we didnt use that had an idea. And at the end of the day, we have to go off and run the business. Its a great business, big, profitable. It generates a lot of cash.  Yet there are segments of that business, large segments of the business, going through a secular change. We have to reinvent it with technology. We will start launching products this year with the Stevia/sugar combination non-cola products, while we test the cola products with these combinations in some markets of the world. So I think we have to allow this transformation to play out, because its too big a business, and too profitable a business, not to allow the transformation to play out. So the long answer to your question is, yes, the decision has been made. Were going to go back to operating it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Just a follow up to Daras question, I guess I would be interested to know, as you went through the analysis on North American beverages, you know, the markets changed a lot, right? The channels are changing and blurring. Potential to sell product over the internet. Coke is going to experiment with more single serve product or potential for single serve product at home. So that, plus the potential to use technology to change the production in manufacturing, make it more efficient.  How do you fit your franchise bottlers into that changing market? Is the next step here, or an important step, to really improve NAB, to make some changes with the way you interact with the franchisees, to get the franchisees to sort of come along as you kind of bring them into a different world, a more modern world? Do the franchisees become an impediment, or in some way how are you going to change the way you interact with them? 
Indra Nooyi : Its a great question, and in a way, you explained why its critically important that you own the system, because with the amount of disruptive change coming, youve got to reduce the friction in the system so that you can actually go with the flow. Having said that, on the online, shipping things through various fulfillment companies, we are looking at all of that and in fact doing tests with all of them. In terms of single serve products at home, we are participating with multiple single serve home delivery product tests, and I think its very important that we ultimately commit and play with people where we know the technology is working. I think its too premature to commit without having a technology that actually works.  And finally, you know, our franchise bottlers are also seeing all the changes. We have a good relationship with our franchise bottlers. I think [unintelligible] has done a terrific job building the relationships with the franchise bottlers. And theyre seeing the changing environment too. And they want to work with us to make sure that together we grow the overall franchise. So I think this is not about conflict. This is about how we work together to solve a market disruption, and thats what were going through right now. The good news is that 75% of the system, we own. So we have far fewer bottlers to deal with, and theyre all smaller bottlers. We dont have the overhang of a big independent bottler to deal with anymore.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan : Hugh, could you talk a little bit about your earnings target? Instead of giving a range, you gave sort of a 7% number here. So can you talk about this? Is this sort of 7% plus or minus? And then to sort of keep on the North American beverage bandwagon here, but a little more micro, can you talk a little bit about how you guys are perceiving the pricing environment, less so in terms of what were seeing in the market right now, but more so what you guys are building in heading into the summer selling season?
Indra Nooyi : On the North American beverage pricing, weve said very clearly that we intend to play a very responsible game. Weve got a couple of points of price [unintelligible] last year, and our goal is to make sure that we take the price increases that we have to, because in categories that are going through the kind of change that the cola category and CSDs is going through, particularly, its very important that we dont take down pricing. Because a lot of the research is showing that just taking down pricing is not going to drive consumption. 
 :
Hugh Johnston : Obviously we give long term guidance of high single-digits in order to be as transparent as we can in terms of what we think the portfolio is capable of generating. And then as we get to the beginning of the year, we really try to give you a four quarter target as best we can estimate in this volatile, uncertain world of what we think is a likely delivery. This year, as we looked at that, we pinned 7% as the likely number, and I know it sounds specific, but I think our investors appreciate the specificity in terms of what we do. As we go through the year, well update on that, as the year progresses and as the world evolves. But when we say 7%, were saying 7%. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj from Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein : The first is just if you could quantify the Mexico tax effects? Because if we look for 2014, better taxes, better buybacks, better cost cutting, you can kind of model commodity to currencies, but Mexico quantification we have trouble with.  But the second question is a broader one. You guys today, Dr. Pepper [unintelligible] yesterday, both with guidance that was really tough on top line but very significant cost cutting, to get to kind of mid-single digit type FX growth rates. Do you think that this kind of running very fast on cost cutting, more return to shareholders, is going to become, essentially, the new norm in this industry, especially to your earlier comment that where pricing is not up as much as it probably should be?  And if thats the case, and I kind of think it is, but if thats the case, can you give us a sense of what you think your ongoing, not just EPS growth target is, but kind of almost a TSR, so EPS plus dividend, that investors should think about in this new industry norm?
Indra Nooyi : Im going to let Hugh give you some information on the details of the question that you asked about, and then Im going to give you some overall observations.
Hugh Johnston : First, regarding your question on Mexico, obviously this is a difficult one for us even with all the information that we have to ascertain, because what its created is a substantial price increase to consumers in the Mexican marketplace regarding our products. Further, obviously, Mexican consumers are facing significant price increases across a broad variety of their baskets. So our traditional elasticity models just dont extend out to the size of the price increases that people are seeing.  Weve obviously put a number in as a part of the guidance. I think what well do instead of sharing specific numbers right now is, as the situation evolves, as consumers get through the sticker shock of what theyre facing and we settle into what is a new demand level, I think well probably just update you quarter to quarter on whats happening inside of Mexico. So I think thats probably the most efficient way to communicate this, because it is a challenge right now for everyone to sort out what the likely impact is in Mexico. Regarding your broader question, I dont think weve entered a new era of cost cutting alone. I think its always going to be a balancing act in our space. Certainly our geographic and product portfolio provide us with the opportunity to grow the top line in a pretty reasonable way, hence the mid-single digit long term guidance. That said, we will certainly always look to be more efficient with the resources that we have, some of which well deliver to the bottom line, some of which we will invest in capability and invest in innovation and brand building in order to fuel that top line growth to continue the virtuous cycle. Regarding TSR, weve talked about high single-digit as our long term earnings per share growth target. Obviously weve taken the dividend up and those tend to be pretty permanent, and thats north of 3% right now in terms of the yield. So I think thats reasonable math for you to be working with. Thats certainly our best estimation as a management team.
Indra Nooyi : And I think, just in terms of overall observation, I would say nows the time that we have to keep growing in emerging and developing markets. You cant back off that growth, because all the competitive positions are being established. So as you grow rapidly in emerging and developing markets, the margin profile is different, and cost inflation is very different than it is in developed markets.  You have a slowdown in developed markets and you have continued [unintelligible] growth in emerging and developing markets. In terms of the overall portfolio, youve got to make sure that you look at the dilutive effect of the emerging and developing market growth and offset that with increased productivity so overall the portfolio works.  And thats the whole portfolio play that were focused on, but its very important that you dont talk about it as cost cutting. Because if you cut costs for the sake of cost cutting, its very different than meaningful productivity programs to fundamentally change the cost basis of the company.  So when we talk about a productivity program, we think, okay, we put in the SAP system starting in 2002, we now have more visibility, we can harmonize processes, so we can do shared services, or we can ensure compliance when we lift and shift ideas. So its got to be a very deliberate program to fundamentally take the cost structure to a new level, not just cut costs to deliver one year of earnings growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank : Obviously 2013 was a terrific year for Frito, both in terms of growth and market share. So could you just give us some indication as to whats coming in 2014? And then obviously a lot of that growth was driven by a terrific step up, especially North America, in marketing spending. So do you still intend to obviously increase that [unintelligible] in 2014?  And then one very quick one after that. Do you have any interest in home carbonation? Obviously the Green Mountain Coke partnership was announced, and I know Bryan asked about it briefly, but I didnt hear a response.
Indra Nooyi : Well try to answer both your questions. The first, on Frito Lay North America, youre absolutely right. Frito Lay North America had a terrific year, but lets just talk about the Frito journey. From about 2011 to 2012, those years, we revamped Frito Lay.  We re-looked at the insights model. We tried to understand what was going on in the consumer landscape. How should we think about our product positioning, our brands, which composition to go after, this was a fundamental relook at everything we did at Frito Lay. We re-looked at the costs, [unintelligible] really took root during that time. And in 2012, we stepped up investment behind this whole model on demand spaces and insight that we had worked on. So were beginning to see the benefits of that in 2013. And youll see more of that going into 2014, 2015, and 2016, because we have the entire macro snacks space that we can go after with our strong salty snack base. And thats our plan, to selectively go after certain demand moments with the salty snack base that we have. The good news is that a lot of that insight work, the demand spaces work, that was done at Frito Lay we are now taking to beverages. And since 2013, weve been working at fine tuning the beverages insights engine so it can get to the Frito Lay North America level. So we have great optimism for how this whole North American business is going to think about consumers, brand, innovation, demand growth. I think the future looks good. Lets now talk about in-home carbonation. The way you should think about this is another distribution channel for carbonated beverages, or sparkling beverages. GMCR is one option. Interestingly, there are multiple, multiple, multiple technologies out there.  What weve been sorting through, Id say for at least 12 months, is making sure that we dont lock and load with any technology until the technology has proven out. Theres going to be one technology today thats functioning, but its based on a system thats very different than what GMCR is thinking about launching. But we have to make sure that we align with partners who we are sure will commercialize the product. So we are working with multiple people. Stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: When I look at your revenue target for 2014, its mid-single digits, so thats in line with your long term target, which is different than your EPS target thats at the low end of your long term target. So I just want to get an understanding of, within your revenue growth target, you have confidence in high single to low double-digit growth that you expect to see in your emerging markets. And just maybe a little bit more color around your key markets. What are you expecting from markets like Russia, China, etc.?  And Hugh, just on the currency guidance, I just wanted to understand what youre baking in for Venezuela? 
Indra Nooyi : Ill just talk to you about overall emerging and developing markets rather than individual countries. Ill tell you, taken together, and its very important that we look at emerging and developing markets as a portfolio, because in any one year youre going to see some markets go through volatility and other markets perform well. If you look over the last 10 years, thats been the case. And so I dont think we should pick out any individual country. When something goes up, something else goes down. So as a portfolio, in emerging and developing markets, well deliver the kind of numbers that we talked about. We feel fairly confident. Barring any major crisis, which we do not anticipate, we think our emerging and developing markets will deliver the numbers that we talked about.  On Venezuela? 
Hugh Johnston : Judy, as you know, Venezuela is certainly an interesting and challenging environment right now. You know, there are two rates out there. Theres the 6.3 rate and then the 11 rate. We havent seen any official devaluation yet out of Venezuela. The planning assumption that were using, based on the blend of the two rates, is 10. So thats our operating assumption right now. Obviously, until the valuation comes, if it comes, we havent run it through the balance sheet yet, but thats our planning assumption right now. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Mark Schwartzberg with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Mark Schwartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Question about how youre thinking about the balance sheet and the leverage. Nice to see the return of cash exceeding the free cash flow. What do you think of having some sort of EBITDA target, a 2.5 or even a 3x target? Or how are you thinking beyond 14, treating the leverage, given the more aggressive approach to returning cash?
Hugh Johnston : What we talked about, rather than getting into specific leverage targets and specific long term ratings targets, is maintaining access to tier one commercial paper. I think thats the best way for us to think about it, because for a company that generates a lot of cash, for a company that has an excellent business rating from the various rating agencies, tier one CP access is really the thing well probably manage to more than anything else. So thats the way were thinking about it on a go-forward basis, rather than getting into specific leverage targets or long term ratings targets. 
Operator: We have time for one additional question. Our final question comes from Caroline Levy from CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA : Just a question, which I think I know the answer to, but I have to ask it again. Given that youve got this valuable distribution system and the fastest growing carbonated drink out there right now is still in the energy category, do you still rule out the idea of acquisitions?
Indra Nooyi : Yes.
Caroline Levy - CLSA : Can you explain why? Because youre not participating in this business that appears to have legs. Do you think you can go after it in another way?
Indra Nooyi : Mountain Dew Kickstart is our version of the energy drink thats right for the masses. And we distribute other energy drinks. Caroline, Ill tell you something, weve looked at this category long and hard, and we look at what we can do with those businesses, and whether its value creating for shareholders, if we were to make any acquisition, and all our analysis says it will not. And so weve chosen not to do an acquisition here.
Hugh Johnston : And Caroline, if I can add to that as well. From the standpoint of the energy category, I think youre aware that we do have a distribution arrangement with Rock Star. That is a distribution arrangement thats worked very well for them and its worked very well for us. And that is our play in the energy category in North America. Mountain Dew Kickstart plays around the energy space, but its not in the energy space, in a similar way that Starbucks Frappuccino and iced coffee and other potential innovations go down that path as well. So I think we have a full complement of products to meet the energy need space for consumers, and I think were positioned well.
Indra Nooyi : Thank you all for your questions. In closing, we delivered on our financial goals for 2013. We have confidence in our ability to meet our goals for 2014. Our portfolio positions us well for future growth and at the same time provides attractive shareholder cash returns. I thank you for your time this morning, and for the confidence youve placed in us with your investments. Have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Faucher - JPMorgan Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Caroline Levy  CLSA Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin. 
Jamie Caulfield: Thanks, Jacky. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off todays call with a review of our third quarter performance and 2013 outlook and then well move on to Q&A. In an effort to get to as many analyst questions as possible within the hour, we have kept our prepared remarks relatively short this morning, and we are going to have a one question limit, so we should be able to get through the full queue of analysts when we get to the Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2013 guidance and our long-term targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated all references to EPS and total operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCos financial results, please refer to the glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos website under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss our results today, please keep in mind that our Q3 reporting period reflects the 12 weeks ended September 7 for our North America businesses and the months of June, July and August for the vast majority of our businesses outside North America. Now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi. 
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning everyone. I am pleased to report good results for the third quarter despite significant volatility experienced in a couple of our AMEA region markets. From a top line perspective, our business largely maintained the top line momentum we saw in the first half and our year-to-date and expected full year organic revenue growth is right in line with our long-term mid-single-digit growth target. Our organic revenue growth reflected each of the four business units achieving positive net price realization in the quarter and we had particularly good organic revenue growth at Frito-Lay North America, which was up mid-single-digits and Latin America foods, which was up double-digits. And this was both in the quarter and year-to-date as well as in key developing and emerging markets such as China, where we had strong double-digit organic revenue growth both in the quarter and year-to-date; Brazil, where we had 9% organic revenue growth both in the quarter and year-to-date and Turkey, where we had 7% organic revenue growth in the quarter and 9% organic revenue growth year-to-date. Snacks volume grew 3% and our beverage volume grew 1% on an organic basis globally both in the quarter and year-to-date. Our international beverage volume growth was strong, up 4% on an organic basis in the quarter and 5% year-to-date. Operating performance was solid. We had good gross profit flow through with core gross margins improving 70 basis points in the quarter. We improved core operating margin even as we continued to invest in A&M with A&M as a percent of sales up 40 basis points and we made incremental marketplace investments of almost $30 million as part of the incremental investment program we announced last quarter. In addition our three year productivity program remains on track; we project delivering $900 million of productivity in 2013 and expect to deliver the full 3 billion three year target by year end 2014. Our productivity is funding our growth initiative and is contributing to our operating margin improvement. Were reaping productivity from across the value chain through the acceleration of global procurement initiatives and coordination of our global supply chain which in turn is enabled by the investments we have made over the past decade in our SAP platform. Year-to-date in 2013 PepsiCo, organic revenue grew approximately 4%, core gross margins improved by 1.5 basis points, A&M as a percent of sales increased 50 basis points and operating margins expanded by 65 basis points. Core constant currency EPS is up low double digits year-to-date and we continue manage cash flow exceedingly well. Year-to-date management operating cash flow excluding certain items was $5.5 billion, a 12% increase of the comparable 2012 period. We have returned $4.6 billion to shareholders to the first three quarters in the form of dividends and share repurchases and were on-track to return $6.4 billion by the end of this year right in line with the target we set at the beginning of the year. As you all know the macro environment continues to be challenging. Developed markets remain sluggish and emerging markets are volatile particularly those experiencing political and civil unrest. In challenging times such as these it's especially important to stay focused on execution and thats really what were doing, focusing on the fundamentals to drive good, sustainable performance. Additionally, we have performed well because our portfolio of brands are extensive and strong, our products are on trend and relatedly diverse. And we have a broad geographic footprint, let me talk to each. Our brand portfolio as you know has been well architected. We have a great line-up of iconic brands that cover everything from treat to healthy eats. Our brands worldwide stands for safety, quality, taste and affordability. Were investing appropriately behind our brands and our increased investments have resulted in even stronger brand equity scores. More importantly the strength of our innovation, design capabilities and revenue management skills which are all foundational building blocks are applied across our categories to sustain top-line growth and profitability. Just to give you some examples, in innovation we had six of the top 25 new food and beverage product introductions across all measured U.S. retail channels year-to-date and we have seven new products this year that are on pace to achieve $100 million each in annual retail sales in the United States, Mountain Dew KickStart, Tostitos Cantina, Quaker Medleys platform which has been expanded to ready-to-eat cereals and bars, Starbucks Iced Coffee, Lipton Pure Leaf Tea, Muller Quaker Yogurt and Gatorade Frost Glacier Cherry. We continue to see positive results from my investments in innovation. Innovation as a percentage of net revenue is more than 8% year-to-date, a 100% basis point improvement year-over-year. We have recently opened our innovation design center and they are looking to increase the pace and incrementality of innovation with more reframed and breakthrough innovation as we move forward. In addition our geographic footprint allows us to fully capitalize in the diversity of our portfolio including the solid top-line performance, high margins, high returns and healthy cash flows of our developed market with a high top-line growth and future marginal return expansion potential of emerging and developing markets as we drive greater scale by fully capitalizing on the related diversity of the portfolio. In many markets including the U.S., Russia, Mexico, were either the largest or the number two food and beverage supplier and this scale is so important in todays environment where retailers competition for share of the shoppers basket and manufacturers competition for share of retail sales is intensifying. The scale, ubiquity and related velocity of our categories make us an essential partner for retailers and consequently we relied upon to drive a large share of our retail partners growth. And our retail partners increasingly seek us out for joint business planning activities to explore mutual creative ways to drive our respective businesses. So all the benefits of our scale and product and geographic portfolios enable us to deal with headwinds and capitalize on the tailwinds within categories and across geographies. So with that as a background, overall our business is on track and we are pleased with the progress we have made strengthening our competitive position across our key developed, developing and emerging markets. We have managed the business as a portfolio and we have remained highly disciplined in our approach leveraging our combined scale and capabilities to build sustainable value rather than overreacting to short-term pricing pressures or local value brand initiatives. As a result over the past six quarters in both salty snacks and beverages, we have seen increases in aggregate market share for our top strategic international markets that account for approximately 80% of our total international business. And year-to-date in the United States, we have grown value share at Frito-Lay and sequentially improve the value share in beverages even as we have outpaced the industry in net price realization at retail. Let me comment now on our individual operating segments. Each of our businesses performed well financially and the marketplace in Q3. Just to give you some highlights. At Frito-Lay North America, we generated 3% volume growth and mid-single-digit organic revenue growth with 2 points of net price realizations and the performance was very balanced with volume and revenue performance positive across each major U.S. channels. We gained value, volume and unit share in salty snacks in the quarter and year-to-date. We expanded core operating margins by about 25 basis points in the quarter and 35 basis points year-to-date even as we increased advertising and marketing expense. Our advertising initiative was focused on our core brands, for example, Doritos For the Bold integrated marketing campaign was executed across TV, digital and social media and was supported by new Doritos logo and updated packaging. And our Lays 75 and Sunny campaign sort of celebrated 75 summers of Lays and we continued to capitalize on a highly successful consumer driven Do Us a Flavor campaign with a winner Cheesy Garlic Bread launched at retail in Q3. And our innovation continues to perform well led by Tostitos Cantina, Doritos Jacked Ranch Dipped Hot Wings, Cheetos Mix-Ups, as I mentioned Lays Do Us a Flavor. So thats Frito-Lay North America. Now, before I go into the Pepsi Americas beverage performance let me give you some perspective in the North American beverage industry, which is much watched and much talked about. First, the beverage category in North America remains the largest category in food and beverages here in the United States at over $90 billion at retail and it is very profitable. Its very relevant to retailers and is one of the first categories retailers look to when overall growth slows. As many of you know, the LRB category has slowed and the shift from the CSDs to non-carbonated beverages has accelerated. CSD is now comprised approximately 40% of the U.S. LRB category volume versus approximately more than 50% a decade ago. We have a competitive position in CSDs and we have a very strong leadership position in the faster growing non-carbonated beverages. This advantage enables us to hold or grow overall measured channel LRB value share as we manage the challenges of the CSD category in a responsible and sustainable way. Our strategy is to compete on the basis of innovation and marketing and to manage the business responsibly and profitably. We are convinced this is the right strategy to increase shareholder value given category realities. And as we have said in the past, we continued to explore the potential for structural changes in our North American beverage business to create further value. So we continued to achieve attractive net price realization as we simultaneously invest in brands and R&D. So with this as the backdrop, let me now talk about our performance at Pepsi Americas beverages in the quarter with the focus on North America. We achieved another quarter of solid net price realization with net price realization up 3 points. In the U.S. our LRB value share slightly out performed our primary competitor and measured channels lead by our advantage non-carb portfolio with value share gains and ready to drink sports drink and chilled juice. Our retail pricing in LRB and in CSDs led overall pricing in those categories and our key new product launches are performing very well. Mountain Dew KickStart, a product targeting morning energy needs of Millennials is expected to significantly exceed a $100 million in the first year retail sales. Capitalizing and momentum of the morning platform, we will be expanding Kickstart as an evening energy occasion in early 2014. Lipton Pure Leaf Premium Tea continues to perform well and has reached a 9% value share and ready to drink tea and is also on track to exceed a $100 million in retail sales in its first year. Tropicana Farmstand is a delicious chilled 100% juice of one serving of fruit plus one serving of vegetables in every glass and thats doing well and Starbucks Iced Coffee is performing ahead of expectations, it has reached a 7.5% value share position ready to drink coffee and is on pace to achieve approximately a $100 million in retail sales in it's first year. And of course our businesses, we continue to sharpen how we leverage our scale and capabilities to drive incremental value. As a focus and integrated food and beverage company we are able to better serve our consumers and retail customers by providing unique value to them through powerful properties like the NFL. Our partnership with the NFL continues to be among PepsiCos most successful sports sponsorship. This year were taking our partnership to the NFL to a new level with NFL activations that include Pepsi, Gatorade, Tostitos, Quaker, Tropicana, Aquafina and Sabra brands. Let me now move on to developing and emerging markets, organic revenue grew 9% in the quarter. Most of our developing and emerging market continue to perform well. As we build our business by driving greater penetration. Organic snacks volume increased 4% in developing and emerging markets in the quarter led by particularly strong growth in China which is our 15%, Pakistan of 23%, and Turkey which grew 11% just to name a few. Year-to-date organic snacks volume in developing and emerging markets also grew 4% led by double digit growth in China and Pakistan and high single digit growth in Egypt, Turkey, South Africa and India. And again were managing the business in a sustainable and responsible way by focusing on profitable growth in segments where brands and quality matter. Organic beverage volume grew 4.5% in developing and emerging markets led by double digit growth in China, Philippines, Pakistan, Poland and South Africa. Year-to-date organic beverage volume in developing and emerging markets grew 5.5% led by double digit growth in China, Philippines, Pakistan and Poland to name a few. Were encouraged by our performance in these important markets and excited by the long term growth prospects they present. We have built extremely strong businesses across every important developing and emerging market, in large part by leverage the presence of the beverage businesses we established decades ago. So for example today we have an integrated food and beverage business in Ukraine with sales approaching $0.5 billion. Were the number one food and beverage business in the Middle-East and along with our partner Tingyi has the number one beverage business in China. As we continue to drive greater consumer penetration frequency in these markets we build scale which makes us more efficient. This allows us to continue to invest in these markets and at the same time increase our operating margins. However as we mentioned in our earnings release there was a meaningful slowdown in the third quarter in our businesses in Egypt and India which accounts for the deceleration of organic revenue in AMEA from the double digit rate of growth we saw in the first half of the year. Egypts performance was impacted by the political turmoil and India reflected unusually aggressive industry pricing. In each case were pleased to note early trends in Q4 have improved. The potential for volatility especially in developing and emerging markets is in part why we provide annual but not quarterly targets. The important thing to remember is that we fully expect to achieve a mid-single digit organic revenue growth goal for full year 2013 and as we look beyond 2013 we believe were positioned well to deliver our long-term financial goals, which we believe will translate to top tier total shareholder return on a sustainable basis. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh? 
Hugh Johnston: Great, thanks Indra. I will spend just a minute covering the financial results and guidance in a little more detail and then we will open up the lines to your questions. For Q3, organic volume grew 3% in snacks and 1% in beverages. Organic revenue grew 3.3%. Commodity inflation was up low single-digits. Our core gross margins improved by about 70 basis points and we increased A&M expense by 8%. Core constant currency operating profit grew 3%. Incremental investments totaled $28 million pre-tax in the quarter. Excluding the impact of incremental investments, core constant currency operating profit grew 4%. Our core effective tax rate was 25.5%, approximately 80 basis points below Q3 2012. And core constant currency EPS grew 5% and 6% excluding the incremental investment. So between core constant currency division operating profit growth of 3% and core constant currency EPS growth of 5%, we got about 1.5 points of leverage including nearly a point of de-leverage from higher net interest expense, 1 point of leverage from a lower tax rate which will reverse in the fourth quarter as we are forecasting the full year core effective tax rate to come in at approximately 27% and 1 point from weighted average share count, which was down 1% year-on-year. Overall, the quarter came in largely as expected with pricing actions, commodity inflation and productivity all in line with our expectations. On a reported basis, net revenue was up 1.5% reflecting over a 1 point drag from foreign exchange and about a 0.5 point negative impact from the Vietnam refranchising. We generated over $6.6 billion in cash flow from operations year-to-date, an improvement of $1.5 billion versus last year. This was driven by lower pension contributions and strong working capital improvements. Year-to-date management operating cash flow excluding certain items was approximately $5.5 billion, an increase of approximately 12% year-over-year reflecting the growth in earnings, disciplined capital expenditure investment and continued improvement in working capital management. And we returned $4.6 billion to shareholders year-to-date in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Now, turning to guidance, consistent with what we have said throughout this year, for the full year 2013, we expect core constant currency EPS growth of 7% off of a core 2012 base of $4.10. And consistent with our previous guidance, we expect mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, core constant currency operating profit growth of approximately 6%, approximately 1 point of leverage below the operating profit line driven by share repurchases and we expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year. Within these expectations, we assume positive price mix, low single-digit commodity inflation and productivity of $900 million. Our productivity assumption is completely in line with the three-year $3 billion program that we launched last year and the savings will be used to help offset inflation as well as provide funding for investment back into the business. And as we mentioned on the last conference call, you should also take into account that we intend to incrementally invest the balance of the Vietnam gain in the balance of year, which will impact operating profit growth and margins. Regarding foreign exchange based on current market consensus, we anticipate foreign exchange translation to have approximately a 2 point negative impact on our net revenue and at least a 2 point negative impact on operating profit and EPS for the full year including the impact of the Venezuela devaluation. As we anticipate structural changes driven by China and Vietnam, well have a negative impact of approximately 1 point on our full year net revenue growth. As a reminder the world remains a volatile place as evidenced in our AMEA region this quarter. Despite the volatility we continue to expect investments in long term value building initiatives such as advertising, innovation, and in emerging markets growth capacity. As you model out the fourth quarter these are our expectations, foreign exchange translation should have an appropriate three point unfavorable impact on fourth quarter revenue and upto a four point unfavorable impact on fourth quarter EPS based on current market consensus rates. Revenue in the fourth quarter will have an estimated 1.5 of a percentage point negative impact from structural changes due to the Vietnam were franchising. Division operating profit will be impacted by higher sequential commodity cost inflation as we had expected, incremental investments funded by the Q2 Vietnam gain increasing A&M expense and negative foreign exchange. Below the division operating profit line corporate cost in Q4 will be above prior year levels based on the timing of investments primarily in R&D. Net interest expense will increase versus last year primary reflecting higher rates. And our tax rate will be significantly higher in Q4 as we approach our full year estimated rate of approximately 27%. From a cash flow perspective we expect full year core management operating cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We will continue to drive cash flow through an even more efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. And for the full year 2013 we expect to see continued improvement in our key working capital metrics and to manage net capital spending to approximately $3 billion which is well within our long term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. As a result we will continue to return strong cash flow to our shareholders. In total we expect to return approximately $6.4 billion to shareholders in 2013, $3.4 billion in dividends and 3 billion in share repurchases. Net our outlook for 2013 is unchanged from our last call and it's consistent with our long term targets for net revenue, operating profit and core constant currency EPS. We expect to drive improved full year margins and net ROIC and disciplined capital allocation coupled with returning cash to our shareholders remained a top priority for the company. With that operator we will take the first question. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So question about Americas beverages you know if you look at the profitability in the quarter the margins held up you know pretty consistent with last year even despite the volume declines and understanding that there is some price that help that, could you talk a little bit more about the nature of the productivity thats flowing through, try to get a sense for how much productivity is actually helping most margins and maybe connected to that the types of initiatives youre taking and how that might change the structure of that business as we all begin thinking about you know whether you refranchise or do something structurally different with the business going forward, just trying to understand I guess what types of changes youre actually making to that business today that might be different than what we would have known before you put it together? 
Indra Nooyi: Okay. Bryan Im going to answer the second part of the question and then Hugh is going to answer the first part of the question. So you know when we talked to you about structural options way back in February of 2012 we said we would look at range of structural options, JVs, collaborations, any sort of structural separation we look at every option and at the end of the day we will do something that makes sense for PepsiCo for the beverage business globally and for North American beverage business. So we want to approach this in a very sensible way because buying, spinning, buying, spinning is lot of sustainable way to run any business especially one that has terrific possibility and generates extraordinary U.S. cash flow and more importantly houses some of our most important global beverage brands. So we are approaching this in a very, very sensible way and we are looking at every structural option possible that will allow us to manage the global beverage business in a sensible way, not jeopardized PepsiCo overall by any sort of loss of the U.S. cash flow and in a way thats long-term shareholder value creating. So we are looking at fundamental operational improvements in the North American beverage business also. And our strategy has been very simple focus on innovation, focus on R&D investments to create disruptive innovation so that we can get incrementally and think about how to price very, very sensibly in a segment thats going through a lot of volatility. Its still a very big market, very profitable, very important to retailers, but in 2012 second half and 2013, it did go through a slowdown and was very important that we dont start competing strictly on price. This category has been competing on price for years. And last couple of years, we have been trying our best to become a lot more disciplined and inch the pricing up and play a very, very disciplined game and thats really what we have been doing. So with that here, let me turn it to Hugh to talk about the mix between pricing and productivity and everything else in between. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, sure, happy to do that, Indra. Good morning, Bryan. If you look at the margin performance, you really do have to look at it from three perspectives. First is from kind of net pricing in the marketplace and from that perspective, as we look at a category that doesnt have a lot of growth in it, we do believe the right and responsible way to manage this category is for us to be very consistent in taking that price. We have been consistently articulate about that over the couple of years. And I think if you look back at our performance, we have consistently led the industry in ensuring that we do take that net price and we have taken in an appropriate and responsible way. So thats driver number one. Driver number two is net revenue management. We have gotten more sophisticated on that over the course of the last couple of years. I think thats been a product of the reintroduction of the bottling businesses back into PepsiCo. And I would look at it from two perspectives. One is package management, where the array of packages that we have and the opportunity to extract incremental margin from those packages has actually increased substantially compared to where we were three or four years ago, where we were much more heavily focused on just 2-liters and 12-packs. And then second from a channel management perspective, I think we have gotten much more granular using technology and much more specific in the way that we price cross channels in a manner that allows us to also drive margin. The third area as you mentioned is productivity. There is little question that the productivity has ramped up in the business and Id explain it this way if you think about the way that we historically looked at productivity, it was a very manufacturing centric point of view in terms of consistent year-over-year productivity and then episodically there would be productivity coming out of G&A, primarily through restructurings. Obviously, we havent stopped doing any of that, but I think what we have added to it are a couple of components. Number one, value engineering, we have gotten much more sophisticated in terms of our use of materials. And as a result of that, we have really doubled the impact of value engineering, which is essentially two things. Number one, using less of a commodity or number two substituting commodities to enable us to get better productivity out of the prettier [ph] goods that we get. So our value engineering capability has stepped up substantially. Number two is the distribution system. I think typically in the past we hadnt gotten a lot of productivity out of the distribution system. We have clearly gotten a lot sharper on that both from the standpoint of labor management and in addition to that using technology in the warehouse. Thats enables us to lower cost across that. And then the last piece of course is tight G&A cost controls and its something that as PepsiCo we are quite good at. So if you put all of those pieces together, thats really whats driving the solid margin improvement in the phase of what are obviously a not growing category right now. 
Indra Nooyi: And Bryan, Id just add one last thing for you to keep in mind. As we said in the script, the North American beverage business is big. Its an $85 billion category. The velocity of this business is somewhere between 40 and 80 turns a year. So it is the retailer who generates an enormous amount of cash, because they pay us net 30. Its a huge traffic driver. So its a very important category. Its very profitable across the industry to margins range from low to mid-teens. So its a very profitable business. It generates a ton of U.S. cash. And in todays volatile global environment, we are in the North American beverage business, which actually is a pretty damn good business today in terms of generating U.S. cash and profitability. So I would frame that with that context.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan. 
John Faucher - JPMorgan: You highlighted the $30 million of I believe it's $30 million of extra spending in Q3 related to the gain, can you give us a little bit more of an indication in terms of where those investments are going, you know are you still planning on spending the full gain back as we look into the fourth quarter and you know whats the time frame in terms of seeing pay back on that incremental spending kind of given the investments youre making? Thanks. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah Im happy to handle that, John I really the money is being spent in two areas, number one is where we see a good ROI were spending on incremental advertising and marketing, youre going to see that more in the AMEA region then you will anywhere else so some of it clearly plays back into the developed markets as well. The secondary where we have chosen to make investments is in the growth markets and it's largely going to be in opportunities to expand distribution, leveraging cooler, leveraging racks again to enable us to further accelerate our growth and to create further advantage in those markets which obviously still have lots of growth potential left in them. Regarding your question about doing tend to fully spend back the gain the answer is absolutely yes. We intend to fully spend back again. So the investments are really going fundamentally to what we believe are the volume and growth and ultimately shareholder value creating drivers for the business. We think they are good investments for shareholders for the long run and we feel quite comfortable in making them and assuring that were going to get a good return on them. In terms of timing typically those types of investments have about a 1 to 2 year payback. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein: I did want to focus a little bit more on PB so just mid-single digits decline okay you can there are a lot of reasons for that potential one can argue but the non-carb area declining low single digits to, Im trying to figure out that is really your internal plan giving some of the industry dynamics youve described as substitution into non-carbs. And in particular where there any bright spots in non-carbs given the portfolio that youve and last part if you step back can you say okay look going forward sounds like pricing aggressiveness is behind us competitively on the safety front what should we think about both the non-carb and the CSD business growing going forward for you? 
Hugh Johnston: Regarding non-carbs I actually think they were quite a number of bright spots, we have seen year-to-date the Gatorade business continued to perform very well. It's been gaining share, we certainly feel good about where Gatorade is and even more importantly feel good about the fact that we have repositioned the business very strongly for within consumers minds in terms of the brand being really the sports nutrition brand so thats number one. Number two the ready to drink tea business is certainly doing quite well in particular Lipton Pure Leaf, the innovation that we have had there both in terms of the smaller and the larger packages is performing extremely well and that business is now back on track in terms of market share. The chilled juice business as well both in terms of Tropicana as well as the innovation that weve with Tropicana Farmstand and Trop50 all continued to perform well. Now youre right as you look at the aggregate non-carb number the volume as we mentioned was a low single digit decline, the real challenge therefore is in the packaged water business, we look at that business as something that is scale enabler but we also look at it as a business where were not willing to invest to lose money in order to just hold volume. We just dont think thats a good use of shareholders of money we dont think it creates value overtime, were obviously going to be in the space with our distribution system, we will continue to sell packaged water but it's not a priority for us from an investment perspective. So as you see the balance of the market at various times choose to invest in bottled water often times to change volume and to chase share youre going to see our numbers swing in overall non-carbs because the water category is so big. What it will do though is significantly impact our profitability. So I think we certainly feel good about non-carbs from that perspective. On the CSD front I think the biggest thing that we feel very good about right now is Mountain Dew. The Mountain Dew franchise is performing terrifically well in the United States. We feel good about the base Dew business, the Diet Dew business has been performing extremely well. And I think one of the things we are most heartened by is Mountain Dew really travels well to international markets, whether you look at India, whether you look at China, the Dew franchise is clearly a global franchise and we feel terrific about that. Regarding your question on what the future of CSD growth is, very hard to estimate, obviously, we have taken a perspective that by virtue of investing in R&D around package and around products specifically sweetener, we think that will benefit the category. The important thing I think from our perspective is we have got an LRB portfolio that works really well. We think we have an advantage set of brands. So regardless of where the overall LRB market goes, we do feel like we will be competitively well positioned by virtue of the portfolio that we built over the course of 10 or so years. 
Indra Nooyi: But there is no question that there has been an industry dynamic which has seen a shift away from CSDs to non-carbs and we have talked about that many times. Its now at 50:50 or 60:40 the other way and it could potentially settle at that number. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. 
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Dara. 
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: So looking at the U.S. beverage business, how concerned are you about the volume pressures specifically on the diet CSD side of the business with the health and wellness concerns and what are the strategies to combat those issues going forward? You sounded optimistic that innovation could help earlier this year, but we havent heard much since. So I just want to get an update on the innovation side. And then on the pricing side, appreciating the focus on disciplined pricing, but you did see a mid-single-digit volume decline on the CSD side in North America in the quarter. So do you think that pricing balance has gotten out of whack at all versus competitors might you need to make some adjustments going forward? And also can you give us an update on promotional levels in the industry post the Labor Day discounting and if you are seeing any improvement? 
Indra Nooyi: Let me speak to the first part of the question Dara. Couple of years ago, we started to see the decline in full sugar CSDs, no question about that, especially in colas, we started to see the decline in full sugar colas and diets were holding up. Recently especially in the last, I would say, six months to nine months, there has been an accelerated decline in diet drinks as people say they dont even want artificial sweeteners, they want more natural sweeteners, they dont mind some calories, but they want natural sweeteners, they want to go back to sugar in some cases. So we are seeing a fundamental shift in consumer habits and behaviors. We anticipated some of these the diet slowdown has been a little more rapid than we expected. The good news is that our overall portfolio as Hugh mentioned is very balanced. And our diet  I am sorry our Dew consumer likes regular Dew, likes Diet Dew, likes Kickstart. So our Dew consumer is very different than the consumer for colas and consumer for lemon lime. We are staying on the path of innovating along natural sweeteners and thinking about flavoring agents to make sugar taste more sugary and so thats all we are focused on. We talked about our products coming to market in 2014. Thats really the track we are on and we are not talking about it now, because we havent yet got a launch date. Once we have a launch date, you will hear a lot more about it. And our goal is to bring to the market a product that tastes great. We dont want to rush a product to the market and then have to wonder why we launched something that wasnt that great tasting. So thats our focus. Regarding pricing and let me add to that I have mentioned this I think at one of the conferences maybe Barclays or something or Bernstein, the category has been declining about 3% a year, CSD category, especially in the last couple of years. And its important that in the next two to three years, we come up with significant disruptive innovation if you want to hold people in the CSD category and thats what we are focused on. The best news of course is that our portfolio is so diverse not just within beverages, but also between beverages, snacks and good-for-you products that we feel incredibly well insulated against any sort of headwinds in this category. Let me now turn to pricing. Dara, Ill tell you we have  the industry not just PepsiCo, the industry has seen years and years of ridiculous pricing where for the last 10th of a share you know there would be a pricing war which has impacted the whole category and this has been on for almost a decade and that is not the right way to create shareholder value in this category. It cannot be that one company has you know almost 8 or 9 years of problems because of you know destructive pricing habits and then they take a big reset and then they start coming up and then the other company has to take a reset this kind of back and forth (inaudible) does not work in shareholder value creating mixture [ph]. So what were trying to do is to say given the category dynamics we have to behave in a value creating way in this category and thats what were doing. Were going to keep doing that and hope that at some point in the overall category there is sensible behavior and all of us are focused on sustainable long term shareholder value creation thats what were going to focus on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy with CLSA. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Couple of questions, internationally I was just wondering if you could talk to us introduce us a little bit to the new head of international after your sad loss, and tell us about how the moves have been. I believe that he came out of India and you know just to give us some confidence in that important market that you know your team is strong and I know that [indiscernible] also came out of Russia so your two big important markets have probably new leadership and then just secondly in your U.S. CSD business, do you think the innovation youre working on is such that it could actually stops declines or do you think it just sort of slows declines is this something you think will come with some premium pricing, will it be truly differentiated, is really the question. 
Indra Nooyi: So let me start with our Head of AMEA it's not international it's just Head of Asia, Middle-East, Africa. You know Saad was an amazing leader and we truly miss him but as you know the strength of PepsiCo is that we have very good succession plans, literally every position in the company. Sanjeev Chadha has been in PepsiCo forever almost 20 years if I recall and started his career in PepsiCo India then went on to Asia-Pacific was a Commercial Director there. From there he came to our Middle-East business and was running the Middle-East business. So essentially he has run every aspect of Asia, Middle-East, Africa, knows the region very well and is a great successor to Saad and so feel very good about Sanjeevs appointment into the Head of the Asia, Middle-East, Africa. He knows snacks, he knows beverages, he knows franchise, he knows company owned operations because he has done both in India in ASPAC and the Middle-East which is a big franchise market for beverages as well as company owned operations in Jordan and Egypt and we have a big company owned snacks business. So Sanjeev is a very seasoned executive, has done turnarounds, has done big growth, so I think as all of you get introduced to him we will certainly bring him around. I think he is going to be very pleased how well the succession has worked. He knows everybody in the region, the bottlers, the employees, they all know him too and so I dont think there is going to be any issue in the AMEA region. Quite a seamless transition. In terms of Europe, Zein was the Sector Head for Europe. The good news is Russia we have a phenomenal talent base of Russian managers, you know Silviu Popovich who came to us from Wimm-Bill-Dann, [indiscernible] who came to us from bottling business who was with PepsiCo before all of these are terrific leaders running our Russian business and they in turn report to Ramon Laguarta who has been in PepsiCo for decades and Ramon is running the developing markets in Europe he has got all of Russia, the FSUs, all the way to Turkey doing very well and replacing Zein in Europe is Enderson Guimaraes who came to us out of Electrolux, again an executive who ran a big piece of Electrolux comes to us with a very different perspective and has managed businesses with enormous volatility as you know hard goods, the white goods rather go through bigger volatility and economic downturn than any of our staples businesses. So Enderson is a seasoned executive in that dimension and is adding a lot to our overall management team and dont forget Zein hasnt gone anywhere. He is right here down the corridor, so he is always there looking at all of these businesses. The good news is that we have a great team in PepsiCo and we take a lot of pain to make sure our succession planning is done well.   Turning to CSD innovation, especially in North America, because thats really what we are talking about. In most of the international markets, especially in Asia, there is still lots of room for growth. Will our innovations stop the decline? Thats anybodys guess Caroline, I think in todays world we have to keep betting on innovation both for creating breakthrough products and also innovation to reduce costs through creative ingredients. And I think in todays world, overall volatility in consumer shopping habits and the way they are spending the money, retail dynamics, etcetera, etcetera, the best insulation is to have a diversified portfolio, relatively diverse, not too diverse, but relatively diverse have a great brand portfolio that covers all eating and drinking occasions and not be overly dependent on a category like CSDs. And thats really why we feel very, very good about PepsiCo today. And as we mentioned earlier in the notes in our script, our brand portfolio is diverse, geographic portfolio is diverse, but most importantly, our product portfolio is diverse and CSDs per se in North America is not a gigantic driver of our profits. So we feel pretty good about where we stand today.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.  
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:   Thanks. Good morning.  
Indra Nooyi:   Judy, good morning.  
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:   So first on the emerging markets Indra, so obviously many companies have talked about the slowdown that they are seeing in the emerging markets and you have talked about the AMEA markets a little bit, but as you think about the next 6 to 12 months some of the markets like Russia, China, Brazil, can you just give us your assessment of how you see those markets playing out and whether the differences that you are seeing in snacks versus beverages is something to really call out here?   And then secondly I just wanted to clarify the comment you have made about the North American market and how you think about the structural solutions to that market. It sounded to me like on this call, given some of volatility that you are seeing in markets outside the U.S. and the increased scale thats really needed in North America with a lot of the retailers, perhaps the sense of urgency in terms of making some of the structural solutions may not be there as it was a year or so ago when you made that announcement. So I wanted to just clarify if that assessment is appropriate or we should still be thinking about sometime early next year you are coming up with a decision on that issue?  
Indra Nooyi:   Well, Judy, let me speak to the second one very quickly. As we said we will tell you in early next year what we are going to do. And we have told you all the structural solutions we are looking at. And thats what we are doing. We are looking at structural solutions, but I want to underline sensible, value creating structural solutions. So keep that in mind.   Let me now come to emerging markets. Emerging markets, emerging and developing markets by definition are going to be volatile. In todays world where you have got turmoil in the developed markets, I think that tends to hail on to emerging markets and that creates more sort of variance around the mean if you want to call it that. Very quick walkthrough, I think because we are on the staples business, the swings in our business are probably going to be less than swings you might see in hard goods or, white goods or durables. The thing to be very, very careful about, if you just focus on market share, especially against local competitors, B brands in those markets and start doing crazy things with pricing, what you lose, exacerbate the volatility into your business.   So again what we have told, so I have told all of the sector heads is to make sure that you manage share across the narrow corridor. Dont try to chase pricing down with B brands, local brands, dont try to hit the pricing so much just to drive volume, because in these volatile times, buying volume is like renting volume. So we have been directing our people to manage the business sensibly, balanced volume, pricing, revenue, profitability and build frequency and penetration deliberately and carefully. Do not rent volume, build it carefully, build the brand equity, build the consumption occasion very, very carefully and thats what we have told everybody to do. Is there volatility? Yes. But I think for companies like PepsiCo, given our broad geographic and product portfolio and brand portfolio that company becomes a natural hedge against all of these variabilities. So again we feel pretty good. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets. 
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets: I just wanted to focus on Frito-Lay I mean the business is positioned to post the strongest volume growth that you have seen in at least the last five years and you have talked about some of the innovation coming through. Can you provide us a little bit more color of sustainability of the current volume trend and what should we expect in the next 6 to 12 months? 
Indra Nooyi: You know Frito-Lay North America is a terrific franchise. The business is well run and I think the incredible way that our snacks business and beverage business works together to really bring solutions to customers is what makes that business so successful. And the virtuous circle of driving top line growth, focusing on productivity, taking the benefit from that investing some back into the company to keep the virtuous circle going, putting the rest to the bottom line is what has kept Frito-Lay business going. What Frito-Lay has been known for is every 3 or 5 years looking at breakthrough productivity to drive another 3 to 5 years of profit growth. And that thinking continues at Frito-Lay. But Amit I tell you, the most important thing is we have segmented the Frito-Lay business in a very interesting way, where we look more at demand spaces rather than just cohorts or day-parts. And looking at demand spaces now, we can see how we can expand the Frito-Lay eating occasions. So, as you look at the overall macro-snack environment, we know how to push salty snacks into taking away cookie occasions, cracker occasions, chocolate occasions by looking at various demand spaces and looking to see what consumers consume for each of those demand spaces. So we look at macro-snacks as our feeding ground. Salty snacks is just a sub-segment of that. And as long as there is lot of space with all macro-snacks and we have a very strong distribution and great innovation capabilities, we feel good about the fact that we can go after some of those occasions and that's the growth story of Frito-Lay. Thank you all for your questions and in closing our performance to-date in 2013 is a good indicator of how a well-constructed and developed portfolio coupled with disciplined execution and reinvestment can drive high quality top and bottom line results on a sustainable long term basis and this is the purpose of PepsiCo. I thank you for your time this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts:  John Faucher - JPMorgan Caroline Levy - CLSA Dara Mohsenian  Morgan Stanley Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator and thanks to all of you who are listing on the call for your patience this morning as we implemented a solution for technical issues were having with our website today. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our second quarter performance and 2013 outlook and then we will move on to Q&A. Because of the delayed start to our call and the fact that I know that this is a busy earnings day for all of you, we've kept our prepared remarks short this morning. Were going to have one question limit and we may not be able to get through the full queue of analyst questions. If that's the case I'd ask you to please call me after we conclude the call this morning and Ill be happy to take your questions individually. Before we begin please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2013 guidance and our long-term targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC.  Unless otherwise indicated all references to EPS and total operating profit growth are on a quarter basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the glossary and other attachments in this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Events & Presentations tab. As we discuss our results today, please keep in mind that our Q2 reporting period is the 12 weeks ended June 15 for our North America business and the months of March, April and May for the vast majority of our businesses outside of North America. Now, it's my pleasure to introduce, Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks Jamie and good morning everyone. Im very pleased to report another quarter of strong results. In Q2 we had our sixth consecutive quarter of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth. We generated double-digit core EPS growth and drove significant improvement in cash flow. Our organic revenue growth in the quarter was 4.2%, in line with our mid-single-digit long-term target, with particularly strong growth in international beverages, at Frito-Lay North America, Latin American snacks, and snacks and beverages throughout Asia, Middle East, and Africa. We are encouraged by the continued strength in the top line with our marketplace investments playing an important role in driving solid growth, brand equity and market share results. Organic revenue growth reflected each of our full business units achieving positive net price realization in the quarter. Our overall servings increased 4% with snacks volume growth of 3%. Beverage volume grew 1.5% on an organic basis and our international beverage growth was strong, up 11% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic basis. We had good profit flow through with core gross margins including 120 basis points in the quarter. A&M up 55 basis points, core constant currency operating profit up 11%, and our core operating margin up 120 basis points. Ex the Vietnam gain and incremental investments, our core constant currency operating profit was up 8% and core operating margins improved by 60 basis points. Our productivity program remains clearly on track. We have targeted $900 million in savings this year which is the second year of our three-year program and we are well on our way to achieving our current goal of $3 billion. Year-to-date management operating cash flow excluding certain items was more than $2.3 billion, a significant increase over the first half of 2012. And we returned over $2.7 billion to shareholders in the first half in the form of dividends and share repurchases. These results are especially pleasing in the context of some very difficult market conditions worldwide. Particularly, tough macro challenges challenging the consumer in developed markets, especially in Western Europe, slowing food and beverage growth in the United States, political unrest in several important markets most notably Egypt and Turkey, and adverse weather in the U.S. and Western Europe. We are able to continue to deliver in these trying conditions largely due to the strength of our portfolio, both the geographic diversity and product diversity. We have a wonderful balance of developed and emerging markets, with the developed markets providing strong cash flow generation and scale-enabled capability that we leverage globally. Now emerging markets provide tremendous potential of top line growth and margin expansion. This is important. We have a diverse but highly complementary portfolio of brands and products. The high coincidence of snack and beverage purchase and consumption provides numerous commercial opportunity and our nutrition portfolio provides new growth avenues to capture expanding consumer demand. We continue to exploit the potential of our portfolio by sharpening our efforts against a few key platforms. We have stepped up our investments in advertising, marketing and R&D to further strengthen our brands and to accelerate our product innovation. We have stepped our market based execution across the board. For example, we are driving even greater partnership with our customer by engaging in joint business planning that aligns our product, brands and in-store merchandizing capability with our customer's growth strategy. The scale and complementary nature of our categories makes us a clear partner of choice with our customer to drive their growth. We continue to refine our revenue management capability to drive both greater values for our consumer and price realization for PepsiCo. And in a number of international markets, we have improved the effectiveness of our go to market systems by driving synergies in selling and distribution systems across snacks and beverages. We continue to execute against our productivity agenda thats funding, stepped up marketplace investments, and at the same time expanding our margins. We now have our team focused on identifying and planning the next generation of productivity projects that will extend our productivity savings beyond 2014. We have also strengthened our global bottling network and systems scale in a number of key markets through our new partnerships with Tingyi in China, with (inaudible) and Polar in Mexico, and in just this past quarter, our partnership with Suntory in Vietnam. And we're driving high returns in invested capital and cash returns to shareholders through highly disciplined capital allocation. Let me now turn to specific businesses. All our business units performed well financial and in the marketplace in Q2. Let me share with you some of the highlights. At Frito-Lay North America, we generated 3% volume growth and mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, with net price realization widening sequentially from what we reported in Q1. We gained volume share and maintained value share across major channels in the United States. And we expanded core operating margins by 40 basis points even as we increased advertising and marketing expense.  In Beverages Americas, we achieved another quarter of solid price realization in the United States. We held CSD share in U.S. major channel, with pricing and retail ahead of the category. We drove growth and core operating margin expansion while we increased advertising and marketing spend. We generated 4% core constant currency operating profitability.  And innovation was encouraging, with Mountain Dew Kickstart, Tropicana Farmstand and Starbucks iced coffee each demonstrating potential to become $100 million plus at retail platforms and contributing to positive price utilization and value share gain. And strong marketing and merchandising led to value share gains by Gatorade sports drinks in our coffee, tea and chilled juice business.  In other developed markets, despite the tough macros, we saw good performance in some of our larger markets. France grew organic revenue 9% and the UK and Germany each posted 3% organic revenue growth. Innovation played a large part of our success with the launch of the naturally sweetened Pepsi Next in France and Trop50 in the UK. We saw very good growth in our developing and emerging markets in Q2, with organic revenue of 11%, made up of 11% in snacks and 10% in beverages and this was driven by execution of our strategy to increase household penetration and frequency of consumption. We had terrific growth from each of our major developing markets, with organic revenue growth of 7% in Mexico, 15% in the rest of Latin America and 12% in Turkey. And we are especially pleased with our beverage volume performance in Russia where we grew Pepsi, Lipton, 7UP and Russky Dar kvaas each in the double-digits. And we saw the benefits of our Russia platform with strong results in Ukraine. Our emerging markets performance drove the continued great results in our EMEA sector, where organic volume grew 6% in snacks and 9% in beverages and organic revenue grew 14%. Within our emerging markets organic revenue was especially strong in Pakistan and the Philippines, with each growing in excess of 20%.  Organic revenue grew high teens in Jordan, mid-teens in India and Egypt and 12% in Saudi Arabia. We'd like to point out one of our emerging star brands in the region, Mountain Dew. It posted another quarter of double-digit volume growth in the region, marking the 10th consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth in the region. And Mountain Dew is now our largest carbonated soft drink brand in Pakistan and growing rapidly in India. And China performed especially well, with organic revenue growth of 22% in beverages and 23% in snacks. We are particularly pleased with our CSD performance in China, with year-to-date volumes up 10%, significantly outpacing the category. In addition, our beverage volume grew 24% in the Philippine, 13% in the in Pakistan, 11% in India and high single-digits in Egypt and Saudi Arabia.  So overall we feel very good about our results in the state of the business. However, in any portfolio there are always areas that need some attention. So let me cover the two areas that we're especially focused on, North American Beverages and Quaker North America. Now, I must say we're making good progress at North American Beverages to accelerate innovation, improve our marketplace execution and drive productivity to improve our competitiveness and profitability. But the fact remains the beverage category in the U.S. has its challenges, especially carbonated soft drinks. Against this challenging backdrop, we are pleased with the progress we've made with our beverage business. Weve stayed focused on repositioning our business for long-term sustainable growth. We have made solid progress on brand building and innovation. We have improved marketplace execution. We've stepped up productivity, which coupled with disciplined pricing drove solid bottom line performance.  We are leveraging the strength of the portfolio which is well balanced between CSDs and non-carbs, and within CSDs we possess the fastest growing mainstream brand, Mountain Dew. We will continue to invest in breakthrough innovation and new technologies that have the potential to reframe the beverage category by removing some of the compromises that consumers face with regard to calories and ingredients. In addition as we've said in the past, we're also exploring every possible alternative, including structural alternatives, to further improve our margins and returns in this business and we'll provide an update on our efforts in early 2014. The second area is Quaker North America, This is a business with great brands, high margins, high returns on capital, and it generates a lot of U.S. cash flow. So there is a lot to like about this business. But a good deal of this business lives in the center of the store and the center of the place, and that makes it a challenge to grow especially as consumers increasingly see convenience. To be short, we've made good progress in this business with improved marketing and execution and we've had some recent innovation wins. Real Medleys is being extended from a successful new product to a successful new brand platform. It's expanding into bars with double-digit revenue growth and has a lot more potential for growth. Plus the international Cracker business is doing exceedingly well and grew volume 5% in Q2. But we're still in the early innings of capturing the full potential of this business in North America. We are focusing on driving innovation that truly excites consumer and for us it's a work in progress and we have the right resources and talent dedicated to getting this business on a firmer footing. You know the fact that PepsiCo continues to perform well even as it addresses these opportunities, speaks to the power of our portfolio. We have the products and geographic breadth to participate and thrive in categories in markets that are growing and that gives us the flexibility to address all opportunities in a sensible, responsible way without disrupting our overall financial results. So, as we look ahead to the balance of the year we are confident in our ability to achieve our full year 2013 financial goal. And as we look beyond 2013, we believe we're positioned well to deliver our long-term financial goals which we believe will translate top tier shareholder returns on a sustainable basis. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Great. Thanks, Indra, and again good morning, everyone. I will spend just a minute covering the financial results and guidance in a little bit more detail and then we will open up the lines for your questions. For Q2, organic volume grew 3% in snacks and 1.5% in beverages. Organic revenue grew 4.2%. Our core gross margins improved by about 120 basis points and we increased A&M expense by 13%. Core operating margin improved by 120 basis points and core constant currency operating profit grew 11%. As we've previously disclosed and mentioned in the release, we realized $137 million pre-tax gain on our Vietnam refranchising and incrementally invested $46 million pre-tax in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the Vietnam gain in incremental investments, core operating margin improved by 60 basis points and core constant currency operating profit grew by 8%. Our core effective tax rate was 24.5%, approximately 335 basis points below Q2 2012. And core constant currency EPS grew 19% and 13% % excluding the Vietnam gain and incremental investment. So, between core constant currency division operating profit growth of 11% and core constant currency EPS growth of 19%, we got about 8 points of leverage. About 1.5 points of that came from net interest expense, 5 points came from tax rate which will reverse in the second half as we're forecasting the full year tax rate to come in at approximately 27%, and 1 point from weighted average share count which was down 1% year-on-year. Overall, the quarter came in as expected with pricing actions, commodity inflation and productivity all in line with our expectations. On a reported basis, net revenue was up 2% and that was driven by a 1.5 point drag from ForEx and 1 point negative impact from structural change reflecting the China and Vietnam re-franchisings. We generated over $3 billion in cash flow from operations in the first half, a $1.8 billion positive swing versus last year. This was driven by lower pension contributions and strong working capital improvements. Management operating cash flow, excluding certain items was more than $2.3 billion, an increase of approximately $1 billion over the first half of last year. And we returned over $2.7 billion to shareholders in the first half in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Turning to guidance. For 2013, we expect core constant currency EPS growth of 7% off a core 2012 base of $4.10. We expect organic revenue growth of mid-single-digits, core constant currency operating profit growth of approximately 6%, approximately 1 point of leverage below the operating profit line driven by share repurchases and we expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year. Within these expectations, we assume positive price mix, low single-digit commodity inflation and productivity of $900 million. Our productivity assumption is completely in line with the three year, $3 billion program that we launched last year and the savings will be used to help offset inflation as well as provide funding for investments back into the business. One of our key investment areas is supporting our brands with advertising and marketing where we'll grow our A&M investment at least in line with sales, meaning you should expect A&M spending of at least 5.7% of net revenue which was our 2012 base line investment. In addition, we're also accelerating our investment in R&D and in innovation. You should also take into account that we intend to incrementally invest the balance of the Vietnam gain in the second half of the year which will impact operating profit growth and margins. We expect the full year operating profit impact of the gain to be offset by incremental investments. Regarding ForEx, based on current market consensus, we anticipate foreign exchange translation to have an approximately 1 point negative impact on our net revenue and a 2 point negative impact on operating profit and EPS for the full year, including the impact of the Venezuela devaluation. Our full year ForEx outlook for EPS is 1 point more negative than what we shared with you on the Q1 call, which is an incremental $0.04 versus where we were at the end of Q1. As we anticipate structural changes driven by China and Vietnam, we will have a negative impact of approximately 1 point on a full year on our net revenue growth. Overall, we're pleased with how the second quarter and first half came in. For the full year, we are maintaining our constant currency guidance. The world remains a volatile place and we may also choose to incrementally invest in additional long-term value building initiatives such as advertising, innovation and in emerging markets growth capacity. As you model out the third quarter, we expect foreign exchange translation to have up to a negative 0.5 point impact on third quarter revenue and 1 point impact on EPS based on current market consensus rates. We expect revenue in the third quarter will have an estimated one-half of percentage point negative impact from structural changes due to the Vietnam re-franchising.  Division operating profit will be impacted by commodity cost inflations sequentially higher than in the first half as we expected. Incremental investments funded by the Vietnam gain, increased A&M expense and negative ForEx. Below the division operating profit line, corporate costs in Q3 will be above Q2 levels based on the timing of investments, primarily in R&D. Net interest expense will increase sequentially from Q2, reflecting primarily higher rates. And our tax rate will be significantly higher than our half one tax rate as we trend toward our full year estimated tax rate of approximately 27%. From a cash flow prospective, we expect full year core management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, of more than $7 billion. We'll continue to drive cash flow through an even more efficient working capital management program and continued tight controls over capital spending. And for 2013, we expect to see continued improvement in our key working capital metrics and to manage net capital spending to approximately $3 billion which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue . As a result, we'll continue to return strong cash flow to our shareholders. In total, we expect to return approximately $6.4 billion to shareholders in 2013. $3.4 billion in dividends and $3 billion in share repurchases. Our outlook for 2013 is unchanged from our last call and it's consistent with our long-term targets for net revenue, operating profit and core constant currency EPS. We expect to drive improved full year margins and net ROIC, and generating and returning cash flow to our shareholders remains a top priority for the company. Operator, we will take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from John Faucher from JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Hugh, I want to talk a little about the gross margin. You talked about sort of more cost pressures flowing through in the back half. I'm assuming some of that's sort of corn in the cadence of the hedging and things like that, as well as may be some of the shorter term raw material impacts. Can you talk about how you see that playing out a little bit further forward? Will there be a corn benefit at some point over the next 12 to 18 months, do you see that roll out? And can you talk just about what you're seeing on sort of the resin side as well as some of the more chemical or petroleum based raw materials? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Sure, John, happy to. Again a lot of the impact that we're seeing is, we were in the first half overlapping a higher inflation from 2012 and we're lapping lower inflation in the back half of 2012. As to the commodities, it's really a combination of a couple of areas. Some of it is in the whole Ag complex and corn obviously is a piece of that, and some of that is also PET as well in the back half, again driven more by the overlaps than anything else. It will be roughly even between Q3 and Q4 and it should play out as we mentioned earlier. Regarding 2014, it's really premature to comment on that. We're still six months away from that. We try not to get into 2014 until we get to the guidance on that and for me to just start talking about pieces of it probably wouldn't be beneficial to do right now. So, we'll hold on that until we get to our Q4 call in next February.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is [Maria Golop], good morning. I'd like to ask about the Vietnam gain. So it's giving you some incremental funds to spend. You previously had a funding budget for 2013 and this adds to it. So my question really is, sort of what type of specific activities are you spending on and in what geographies? And then related to that, why shouldn't we expect sort of an incremental boost to sales in the near term from these investment activities?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh, you want to?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, I would be happy to handle that. So where you're going to see us invested is largely in international and it will be geared towards top line driving types of activities. Now when we do these things they typically don't pay back immediately, you typically see the payback in one to two year types of time frames. So I wouldn't necessarily expect to see a short term acceleration in revenue driven by all of that. What we're really doing here is extending both the duration and the durability of our strong top-line growth as well as flowing it ultimately through to stronger bottom-line growth. So we feel these are the right decisions to make for the franchise as well as to enhance and solidify our operating performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline Levy - CLSA: I just wondered if you could comment since your international and even your domestic quarter ends a little earlier than many other companies on how June looks and just volume wise, particularly in beverages if you still face huge challenges that then carry through to the third quarter giving you some pause on any recovery in beverage volumes looking out this year
Indra Nooyi: Caroline, we don't really comment on one months performance, but we'll talk more about it in our Q3 call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian  Morgan Stanley: Indra, you mentioned in your remarks that you're looking for ways to drive margin improvement on the beverage side of the business and obviously the strategic piece of that you probably will be hesitant to comment on. But I was hoping you could comment on what you can do internally to boost beverage margins as you look out over the next few years. And as you look at that business, do you think the lower margin structure that exists versus beverage or CPG peers in general, is that more due to structural reasons such as scale et cetera? Or are there significant cost savings opportunities you can go after internally on that business beyond what you've already outlined?
Indra Nooyi: Dara, I presume youre talking about North American beverages, because when I was talking about margin improvement opportunities I was talking about North American beverages. Just roughly speaking, our franchise business has got much better margins than an operating business in the beverage world, because you've got the entire cost line to work with. I think in the North American beverage business, as we've mentioned before Dara, we've been investing in many technologies, whether it's processing technology, packaging technology, ingredient technology and one-by-one some of these technologies are beginning to start being commercialized. So as we look at our productivity program and weve talked about the next [branch] of productivity, some of that next branch of productivity is from North American beverages. And that comes from some of these technologies beginning to get implemented in the marketplace. And that's what gives us confidence that there are opportunities to improve margin performance. On top of that, weve really cranked up innovation machine and the combination of the new innovation coming to the marketplace driving top-line in a category that has slowed down a lot. But our goal is to use the power of our portfolio to drive the top-line growth. Coupled with these new technologies and different ways of working within North America to improve the productivity of the operations is what gives us confidence that we can improve the margins in North American Beverages.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Hey, can you just elaborate a little bit more, just update us on the acquisition strategy. I think you're still sticking with just smaller niche fields that fill in strategic holes. And then maybe just some commentary on some of the noise recently in the press.
Indra Nooyi: Bill, weve been incredibly consistent. PepsiCo is an extremely well architected portfolio geographically. From a product perspective, we are hitting our stride. Every part of the business is functioning well and we do not need large scale M&A to deliver on our financial goals. We do have a strategy to focus on tuck-in acquisitions, and weve said tuck-in acquisitions in any year will be $500 million or less. And that's all we are focused on. And I would look beyond the noise and let's just focus on PepsiCo and the performance of the company. And we feel very good about it. Thank you, Bill. So thank you all for your questions. In closing, let me just say that our performance for the second quarter and through first half of 2013 are excellent indications of how our well constructed and developed portfolio, coupled with disciplined execution reinvestment, can drive high quality top and bottom line results on a sustainable basis. That is the purpose of PepsiCo. And I thank you for your time this morning and for the confidence youve placed in us with your investments. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Bryan Spillane - Bank of America John Faucher - JPMorgan Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank Caroline Levy  CLSA Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company  
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCos First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin. 
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCos Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCos CFO. Well lead off todays call with a review of our first quarter performance and 2013 outlook, and then well move on to Q&A. In an effort to get to as many analysts questions as possible within the hour, we have kept our prepared remarks relatively short this morning, and we are going to have a one question limit, so we should be able to get through the full queue of analysts when we get to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2013 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with the cautionary statements and other information contained in todays earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to EPS and total operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic revenue results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, structural changes, and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCos financial results, please refer to the glossary and other attachments to this mornings earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCos website under the Investor Presentations tab. As we discuss our results today, please keep in mind that our Q1 reporting period is the 12 weeks ended March 23 for North America businesses and is the months of January and February for the vast majority of our businesses outside North America. And now, its my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi. 
Indra Nooyi: Thanks Jamie, and good morning everyone. Last February, we announced and then executed a number of important actions to strengthen and ensure the long-term success of our business. Since then, we have driven greater productivity, significantly increased our advertising and marketing investments, and upped our execution in the market. Today, I am very pleased to report strong first quarter results. We had mid single-digit organic revenue growth, double-digit core EPS growth, and a significant improvement in cash flow. We feel good about these results in what has been, and continues to be a competitive landscape and a volatile macro environment. The first quarter has us confident that we are on track to meet our 2013 financial guidance. Our organic revenue growth was 4.4% right in line with our mid single-digit long-term target, with particularly strong growth at Frito-Lay North America, Latin American snacks, international beverages, and snacks and beverages throughout Asia, Middle East, and Africa. Organic revenue growth reflected a good balance of volume and net pricing. Our overall servings increased 3%, with snacks volume growth of 4% and beverage volume growth of 1% in an organic basis, but our international beverage volume growth was very strong, up 9% on a reported basis and 6% on an organic basis. More specifically, developing and emerging markets volume was particularly impressive with snacks volume growth of 5.5% and beverage volume growth of 7% of an organic basis. North American beverages volume was negative driven by specific decisions we made to take pricing and sustain it during the quarter.  We had good profit flow through with core gross margins improving almost 130 basis points in the quarter, core constant currency operating profit up 9% and our core operating margin up more than 80 basis points. Each of our four business units grew core gross margins, expanded our health core operating margins and grew operating profit, and we remain focused on cash flow and cash returns. Management operating cash flow excluding certain items was more than $460 million a significant increase over Q1, 2012. In addition we returned over 1.4 billion to shareholders in the quarter in the form of dividends and share repurchases up more than 50% year-over-year. Were encouraged by the continued strength in the top-line. Innovation was a strong contributor to our overall organic sales growth and we continue to see positive signs in terms of both improving brand equity scores of our global brands and market share results. And our productivity program is squarely on track. We have targeted $900 million in savings this year which is a second year of our three year $3 billion productivity program. Were leveraging best in class supply chain activities from around the world. Were increasing automation across the value chain from raw materials handling through to the route truck and were implementing new processing technologies that enable us to both increase asset utilization and reduce input cost. We are well on our way to achieving our current productivity goal of $3 billion and we have our team now focused on identifying and planning the next generation of projects that would extend our productivity savings well beyond the current program. With the productivity were unlocking were able to invest in growth drivers like advertising and new product launches and to simultaneously drive margin improvement. This was evident in the first quarter where A&M expense increased by 50 basis points while delivering an 80 basis point improvement in core operating margins. Turning now to our businesses, let me comment briefly on them in four buckets, Frito-Lay in North America, North American beverages, all other developed markets businesses and then developing and emerging markets. Let me begin with Frito-Lay North America. Frito had a good first quarter, we generated mid-single digit volume and revenue growth and going forward we expect modest pricing to create a bit more of a spread between volume and revenue than you saw in the first quarter. We expanded core operating margins by 40 basis points even as we increased advertising and marketing expense. More importantly in Q1, Frito-Lay gained volume, unit and value share across major channels in the United States. We feel good about Frito-Lays growth model because our business is largely focused on salty snacks and were able to grow by taking occasions from another macro snacks like cookies, crackers, nuts and seeds. For example our Tostitos Cantina is sourcing cracker occasions while Doritos Jacked is sourcing occasion from microwavable snacks. Additionally with our focus on the growing premium snacking occasion were realizing additional growth and profitability. For example in Q1, Sabra dips grew volumes 16% and Stacys grew revenue 21% and both these are premium offerings which give us additional space in the produce and deli sections of the grocery stores. So as we look at Frito we believe it's in good shape.  Let me turn now to North American beverages. Our goal in North American Beverages is to judicially balance share and profitability. Now this is very important because we compete in every sub-category of the LRB segment and any growth we achieve in one business comes largely at the expense of another sub-category where we also compete. So we have to be very careful to compete in this large and profitable LRB business in a responsible way focused more on innovation marketing, balancing share and profit. It's our experience that short term volume driving activities merely rent share and is not a value creating strategy. Now, let me talk about the category itself and our performance in it. As you all know, about [65%] [ph] of category is non-carbonated beverages, and this segment continues to show growth potential. In the first quarter, we had good performance in teas and chilled juices, ready-to-drink coffee and sports drinks, all supported by successful innovation. Our Pure Leaf product under the Lipton trademark, Tropicana Farmstand, Naked, our super-premium chilled juice, Starbucks Iced Coffee, Starbucks Refreshers, Gatorades Chews and Shakes, each performed well in the first quarter despite less than favorable weather in many parts of the country. In the other, 35% of the LRB category thats CSDs, about 17 points are made up of colas and about 18 points are made up of flavored CSDs. Within flavored CSDs, Mountain Dew continues to perform well significantly outperforming the overall CSD category and gaining four-tenths of a share point in the quarter bolstered by the launch of Kickstart, and the momentum of Kickstart continued into April. However, the cola category continues to be a challenge. We took pricing in this declining category and continued to invest in R&D to break some of the compromises that caused consumers to leave the cola category. While this work progresses, we are managing the business responsibly and profitably. We are supporting Pepsi with package and product innovation to drive price realization and investing appropriately in A&M. And this is what you see reflected in our first quarter PAB performance. We had good disciplined net price realization. Our revenue performance was generally in line with the category. A&M expense increased by 30 basis points versus Q1 of 2012. We expanded core operating margins by 50 basis points, and we grew core constant currency operating profit 4% in the quarter. So, as we go forward expect us to continue to play a responsible game in North American beverages to be competitive of course, but to also enhance our financial performance. And across the beverage business, we are taking out costs to drive margin and improve returns under our current structure, while we continue our work to explore sensible opportunities to unlock incremental value through meaningful structural alternatives. And as we told you in the last earnings call, we do not intend to talk about this until early next year. Let me now turn to our other developed markets outside the United States. We saw good performance in some of our larger markets. The UK had 5% organic revenue growth, Germany was up 8%, France grew 10%, but Western European macros overall continued to be challenging, and we expect it will continue to put pressure on consumer spending going forward. Emerging and developing markets, we saw very good growth in these markets in Q1 with organic revenue growth of 12%, made up of 14% in snacks and 9% in beverages driven by execution of our strategy to increase household penetration and frequency of consumption. We had terrific growth across each of our major developing markets with organic revenue growth of 6% in Mexico, 8% in Turkey, and 12% in Brazil. And our emerging markets performance drove the continued great results in our EMEA sector, where organic volume grew double-digits in each of snacks and beverages, and organic revenue grew 15%. Within our emerging markets, organic revenue was especially strong in Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Vietnam, and the Philippines with each growing in excess of 20%. And organic revenue grew 19% in Jordan and 18% in Egypt. And China performed especially well with organic volume growth of 17% in beverages and 47% in snacks. Importantly, we also saw nice improvement in core operating margins in EMEA with a 450 basis point increase even as we continued to invest in brand building and capacity to drive future growth. So, overall, we feel good about the state of the business and our first quarter performance. Top line was strong. We continued to invest in our brands to fuel growth. Productivity is on track. And we saw solid core operating margin improvement and core operating profit growth. With the strength of the first quarters performance we have an even greater degree of confidence in delivering our 2013 financial guidance in a global micro-economic environment that continues to be volatile. To summarize, PepsiCo is performing well. Were growing the top and bottom line and driving margins and cash returns. Were being disciplined and responsible across the board in balancing value share and profitability and the overall portfolio is working in terms of scale, geographic reach and product diversity covering snacks and beverages and different day parts, need states and cohorts. So with that let me turn the call over to Hugh. 
Hugh Johnston: Thanks Indra and good morning everyone. I will spend just a minute covering the financial results and guidance in a little more detail and then we will open the lines to your questions. For Q1 organic volume grew 4% in snacks and 1% in beverages with international organic volumes up 6% in beverages and 5% in snacks. Organic revenue grew 4.4%, our core gross margins improved by about 130 basis points and we reinvested almost 50 basis points in A&M. core operating margin improved by 80 basis points and core constant currency operating profit grew 9%. Net interest expense increased by $12 million reflecting higher debt balances, our core effective tax rate was 24.5% approximately 220 basis points below Q1, 2012 and core constant currency EPS grew 13%. So between core constant currency division operating profit growth of 7% and core constant currency EPS growth of 13% we got about six points of leverage, one point from corporate unallocated some of which is timing related. Slight leverage from net interest expense, three points from tax rate which will reverse as were forecasting the full year rate to come in at approximately 27% and one point from weighted average share count which was down 1% year-on-year. Overall the quarter came in as expected with pricing actions, commodity inflation and productivity all in-line with our expectations. On a reported basis net revenue was up 1%, and that was driven by a 0.5 point drag from 4x and at 3 point negative impact from structural change reflecting the China were franchising. And reported operating profit and EPS included to be $111 million net monetary asset write down in Venezuela that we talked about on the Q4 call. We generated over $700 million in cash flow from operations in the quarter, a $1.4 billion positive swing versus last year. This was driven by lower pension contributions, stronger working capital improvements and a reduction in net capital spending. Management operating cash flow excluding certain items was $464 million an increase of $385 million over Q1 of last year and we returned over $1.4 billion to shareholders this quarter in the form of dividends and share repurchases of 52% increase year-over-year. Now turning to guidance, for 2013 we expect core constant currency EPS growth of 7% of a core 2012 base of $4.10. More specifically we expect organic revenue growth of mid-single digits, core constant currency operating profit growth of approximately 6% and approximately 1 point of leverage below the operating profit line driven by share repurchases offset somewhat by higher net interest expense of approximately $90 million from higher debt balances. And we expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year. Within these expectations we assume positive price mix, low single digit commodity inflation, productivity of $900 million and A&M growing at least in-line with our net revenue growth. Our productivity assumption is completely in-line with the three year $3 billion program that we launched last year and the savings will be used to help offset inflation as well as to provide funding for investment back into the business. One of our key investment areas is supporting our brands with advertising and marketing, where we will grow A&M investment at least in line with net sales meaning you should expect A&M spending of at least 5.7% of sales, which was our 2012 baseline investment. In addition, we are also accelerating our investment in R&D and innovation. Based on current market consensus, we anticipate foreign exchange translation to have approximately a 1 point negative impact on our net revenue, operating profit, and EPS for the full year, including the impact of the Venezuela devaluation. Our ForEx outlook is marginally more negative than what we shared with you on the Q4 call, but still rounding to 1% at this point. And we anticipate structural changes will have a negative impact on our full year net revenue growth of approximately 1 point driven by China and Vietnam. Overall, we are pleased with how the first quarter came in and that increases our confidence in delivering our full year guidance. I would encourage you not to increase your estimates however. The world remains a volatile place, and we may also choose to incrementally invest in the long-term value building initiatives, such as advertising, innovation, and in emerging markets growth capacity. As you model out the second quarter, we expect foreign exchange translation to have up to a negative 2 point impact on second quarter revenue and EPS based on current market consensus rates. We expect revenue in the second quarter will have an estimated 1 point negative impact from structural changes due to the beverage refranchisings, both China and our recently announced refranchising of Vietnam. We will also have a gain on the Vietnam transaction, which we intend to reinvest in the business, so we dont expect it to have any impact on our full year earnings guidance. Commodity inflation will ramp up sequentially from the first quarter, but our full year outlook remains unchanged from our original guidance of low single-digits. In Europe, given the timing of expenses and continued challenges in Western Europe, Europe sectors operating profit performance may moderate from the Q1 performance, and we expect higher A&M expense will negatively impact margins around  across the business. From a cash flow perspective, we expect full year core management operating cash flow, excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We will continue to drive cash flow through even more efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. And for 2013, we expect to see continued improvement in our key working capital metrics and to manage net capital spending to approximately $3 billion, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. As a result, we will continue to return strong cash flow through our shareholders. In total, we expect to return approximately $6.4 billion to shareholders in 2013, $3.4 billion in dividends, and $3 billion in share repurchases. Net, our outlook for 2013 is consistent with our long-term targets for net revenue, operating profit, and core constant currency EPS. We expect to drive improved margins and net ROIC and generating and returning cash flow to our shareholders remains a top priority for the company. So, with that, operator, we will take the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Hi, good morning. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Bryan. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Just a question on the operating leverage in the quarter, and I dont know how difficult that its going to be to try to parse this out, but just try to get a sense for how much of it was driven just simply by commodity disinflation, how much of it is driven by the pricing  pricing actions, I guess, in Latin America foods and in Americas beverages And then how much of it is youre actually beginning to see more of the productivity kind of drop to the bottom-line. So Im just trying to get a sense for when we look at the margin expansion in the quarter and try to look at it going forward just the weightings in terms of what those items contributed to the margin expansion. 
Hugh Johnston: Obviously were getting into a fair amount of detail and in a global P&L it's a little bit difficult to parse all of that. No doubt they were all contributing factors, we clearly did have some pricing in excess of inflation for the quarter but we also got more than our share of the $900 million of productivity in the quarter and that was flowing through as well. Instead of breaking the specific pieces down what we really try to do is just give you guidance on what we expect the outputs to be and at least give you a sense for the difference between whats happening in gross margin and whats happening in operating margin. What I would just say is at both price in excess of commodity as well as productivity, were significant contributors to that margin expansion. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan Chase. 
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Just want to follow-up a little bit Indra on your comments on North America, if we look at the scanner data pricing which is really what we have to work with, your pricing in CSDs accelerated a little bit through the quarter and on a two year basis youre ahead of both of your largest competitors in terms of pricing in CSDs and I guess the big concern given the weak volume number is profits without a balanced algorithm really are not sustainable and people would argue thats one of the things that got you in the hole that youre in heading into 2012. So how do we think about that balance going forward because to Bryans point the leverage looks good but the view point is going to be that it's not sustainable and youre going to have to drive some of that back in order to get the volume moving? So any sort of follow-up there? 
Indra Nooyi : In the last call I think we talked about Q1 always being sort of a funny quarter because all the weather related impacts hit us on Q1. So it's very hard to read the year from Q1 alone but having said that let me tell you that we look very carefully at this trade-off between volume, pricing and profit, we look at it constantly and we began the year saying weve got to take pricing and weve got to stick with it because this is a category where you got to behave in a very responsible and a consistent way so that you dont destroy value in a business that requires reinvention thats way we approached it. We saw some interesting pricing activity in the first five or six weeks of the quarter and at the second half of the quarter we started to put in the right actions on pricing, very granular, very targeted still with an eye towards profitability to make sure that we balance volume, revenue and profitability very carefully and if we look at the last six weeks or the last nine weeks the performance is very different. So believe me John, your point is exceedingly well taken, were threading this thing very, very carefully but at the end of the day I think this industry requires responsible behavior and were going to try to make sure that we play this carbs, non-carbs portfolio very carefully while getting ready for this reinvention of carbonated soft drinks. So we will continue to play this game where we dont allow volume declines for the balance of the year to be at the magnitude of the first quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: On some of your emerging market or developing market, performance I guess it's been now a few quarters where your profitability is starting to really ramp up. So can you just give us some perspective on the sustainability of that kind of profit improvement, your level of investment thats going into those markets and the potential for continued I guess profitability, improvement how much of that is going to really drive your overall profit growth performance. 
Indra Nooyi : Judy, emerging and developing market have been growing robustly from a GDP perspective and the differential between developed markets and emerging and developing markets tend to be about between three and six points in terms of GDP growth. So if you look across the world, emerging, developing markets have robust growth. Thats the macroeconomic factor. Over the past five or six years, as you well know we have been investing to shift our portfolio to be more balanced between emerging and developing markets and developed markets because prior to 2006 we tended to be more of a developed market predominantly U.S based company. So the last six years we have been working very hard to diversify the portfolio. So what youre beginning to see right now is a result of all those investments beginning to pay off bit by bit. When you first make the investments it is dilutive to profitability but you have to make those investments between M&A and organic investments we had to do it. Now, bit by bit, as developed markets dont grow as robustly as it did pre-2005, and as the developing and emerging market investments start to payoff, the combination is beginning to yield results. Now, if you are asking for projection, I mean, thats very hard to give you a projection, all that I tell you is the overall PepsiCo algorithm works, because we have this nice mix of developed and developing and emerging markets, and as margin improves in those markets and developed markets also continued to grow the overall portfolio works, the overall financial profile works. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hey, guys. Thanks. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, how are you? 
Indra Nooyi: Very good. Thank you. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Good. Want to ask a little bit about this balancing act that is certainly going on in North America, it sounds like successfully, particularly on North America CSDs, where you are seeing volume as what volume is, we are going to try to do better, but it is what it is, and we are going to try to drive profitability to try to. 
Indra Nooyi: And so the question being Ali? 
Hugh Johnston: I think he is asking the balancing act between profit and market share. 
Indra Nooyi: Yeah, good ahead. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. So, Ali, I guess, what I would say is this, as Indra mentioned in her opening remarks, we are basically trying to do two things. Number one, we want to make sure that we ensure our competitiveness, and thats something that we think is important for the long-term of the business. At the same time, we do think that this is a  its a good business, its a business that generates a lot of cash flow, and obviously, we are looking for it to generate profit growth as it did in Q1 with PAB delivering 4% profit growth, which is certainly a positive, I think in the industry. The balancing act that we are ultimately going to manage to is ensuring that within the categories we are being smart about how we manage each of the categories, where we choose to gain share, where we choose to hold share. The second thing that we are going to be doing is we will be playing a price package game to ensure that we do look to across the package portfolio to get price realization, where we can, and in that vein one of the things that you know we are doing this year is what we have called our hybrid EDD, which is to try to balance out holiday and non-holiday pricing to try to send the message to consumers that not to buy only when the product is deeply discounted. And then obviously the last decision that we have made is a decision to invest in research and development to address some of the core dissatisfiers with some of the products with the belief that innovation is the way really to create sustainable value in the category. And I think thats what we are looking to do in the North American beverage space, and we think its a successful strategy. 
Indra Nooyi: And Ali, the other thing as we talked in our earnings call, its interesting because the North American beverages we participate in every sub-segment of the North American beverage business. So, we have to be careful that we dont take too much  take pricing down too much in one category and source from a more profitable part of the other sub-category. So, we have to make sure we play this overall category game very, very carefully. And because we have owned the operating businesses around the world in snacks, we are very, very cognizant of how you play the game in a big operating business. Its very different from playing the game in a franchise business, and we have volumes of learnings from around the world from our various operating businesses. And I think we are borrowing a page from that playbook to participate in this NAB, in the North American Beverage business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. 
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Dara. 
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: So, Hugh, given that the 9% core profit growth in Q1 despite the 11% ad increase, your full year guidance implies a few hundred basis point slowdown at least in the balance of the year on core profit growth, and I know you mentioned commodities get worse, but I was hoping for a bit more detail on why you would expect that level of deceleration. And also can you quantify what you are expecting on commodities in the balance of the year relative to Q1? 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. So, I think a couple of things to keep in mind on that, Dara. The first and probably the biggest factor is the worlds certainly a volatile place. And as we look forward into the balance of the year, we are certainly thinking about our guidance in the context of the world being a volatile place and at the same time ensuring that we deliver our guidance through thick and think in terms of the challenges that we might face.  The second piece to consider is given that we have seen some success in terms of moving the top-line with investments that we have made in the business were only going to do things that we view as creating sustainable shareholder value but to the degree that there are opportunities to invest in the business to create sustainable shareholder value. Were obviously going to be looking towards doing that as well. And then the last piece I talked about core division operating profit growth of 7% for the quarter and core division operating profit growth of 6% for the year. So thats about a one point gap and frankly with the timing of the A&M expenses, with the timing of commodities that gap isn't so large that just sort of the general quarterly movements in those expenses would move the number from a 7 through a 6 in a relatively undisruptive way. So thats basically how we get there and hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense of the context as to how we are thinking about it as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Can you just give us some color on the organic growth rate and some of the bigger country? So Russia, China, exiting the partnership, Brazil and Mexico and maybe Gatorade on the organic side too and then the second part of the question is maybe how March is looking at some of the international markets because I know (inaudible) in February so maybe some update on what is going to happen in March and whats your view is going forward? 
Indra Nooyi: So organic growth pretty much in every one of those markets was strong and we talked about it in our earnings. China, volume grew organic revenue grew, if you look at the UK, you look at Russia; you look at every country pretty much across the board we had organic revenue growth whether it was developed or developing. I dont think there was any country around the world they will wear. We did not have some organic growth. So we feel good about the growth rates even though many of these international markets were just two months. India grew 9%, Egypt grew 20%, Saudi grew 21%, Pakistan grew 37%. I could go on and on but every one of these grew mid-single digits or even in the 20s or 30s. So good revenue performance across the board. The first quarter is a two months quarter, it's a lowest, it's the smallest quarter in the year and so the cost and the profits are not fully balanced. So what I would say to you is that we had very good growth margins in EMEA for example we had 438 gross margin basis point improvement in gross margins but it's a small quarter, so lets wait and see how that evolves through the year but all that I tell you is that Latin America, EMEA doing well margins expanding profit going well, Russia doing well. Western Europe, were going to watch and wait and see what happens to the macroeconomic environment and North America we have talked enough about it. So overall I would say it's a good outlook for our developing and emerging markets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy with CLSA. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA: I wonder if you could actually just the last part of the last question was around Gatorade and Trop and talk about the strategy for this year and longer term the repositioning that happened at Gatorade and what the volume was like this quarter. 
Indra Nooyi: Actually Gatorade and Tropicana had very good quarters and sequentially the performance is sustaining itself. Again as you well know and Gatorade were playing sports nutrition game between Gatorade Juice, Gatorade Hydration and Gatorade Recover and as a system that business is doing well. We are staying very true to our premium sports nutrition positioning and we continue to play the games that way. Were beginning to gain share and sports nutrition even though we had low priced competition come in with really aggressive pricing. We held our ground and were beginning to gain shares. So we feel very good about our sports nutrition strategy. In the case of Tropicana between Tropicana Trop 50, name of the Tropicana franchise also includes Naked, but let me just speak to Tropicana. Again, coming out of the first part of Q1, going to the second part, and now going into Q2, we are beginning to gain share in the chilled juice category, just a lot of great advertising, incredible execution focus in all of our traditional strongholds. And we are seeing impressive performance gains in Tropicana. And just look for us to grow the Naked franchise, its continued to bring innovation into the Tropicana franchise and the launch of Tropicana Farmstand, which is our fruit and vegetable product is also doing very, very well. So, continued to look for innovation from Tropicana, we feel good about tailwinds of those categories, because they are more in the nutrition space coupled with the fact that our brands are very strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, good morning. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Mark. How are you? 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning Indra. I am good. Thank you. Two-part question, it looks like in C stores, there is an increasing divergence between what you are seeing on the snacks side of your business and the beverage component of your business and how do you say, we have only got two months here. So, perhaps on the beverage side, we should not make too much of that. Can you speak to how accurate that assessment is and kind of what kind of promise these tie-ins with AB and the promotions you have kind of incrementally from a (indiscernible) perspective, how you feel they might address that issue? And then kind of related to that, but could we speak a little bit more about how this large format effort on the promotional side, changing the promotional calendars is actually going, it sounds like the aim is good and you have had some success to an extent, but perhaps the pace of success in terms of getting a better promotional environment is a little slower than you would have thought about a year ago? 
Indra Nooyi: Convenience stores in the first quarter, especially the first part of the first quarter perhaps not a very good performing channel. I wouldnt say, we are talking about our business, as a channel, convenience stores did not perform very well, because weather impacted convenience stores significantly, and you cant do anything about Mother Nature. So, convenience stores didnt perform well, but now as the weather is improving across the country little bit slower than we would like, because snow in the West in April doesnt feel that good. But we are seeing trends improving convenience stores, and we are very strong in convenience stores both in beverages and snacks. And we are beginning to see sequential improvement. And because of the underperformance in the first part of Q1 of the channel itself and now that we are seeing sequential improvement, we think the year for C stores would still end up with sort of 3.5%, 4% growth in the channel. And if the channel grows at that rate, you should expect to see good performance from PepsiCo in that channel. I would be honest with you the divergence between snacks and beverages, is not that much both our businesses are doing fairly well in the convenience stores. And I think that as the year goes on, you start to see better performance in the convenience store channel. And in terms of  you wanted to add something Hugh? 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, if I can add just particularly to the convenience store please as well. I mean, as Indra mentioned, that the weather lapped in convenience is particularly challenging for beverages. I mean, we had a particularly warm winter last year lapping that now with a really long extended winter. Thats just going to have a more natural effect on beverages than it will on the snacks business. And I think the divergence that you are referring to can be more attributed to that than it can be to anything else. Its also indicated in the overall performance of the convenience channel, which was down obviously in the first quarter. And as Indra mentioned, we expect the full year that channel to be up 3.5%, 4%. So, we dont normally like to use weather as much of a conversation piece, but I think in this case, because its just so historic and it does have such a significant impact on that channel in that particular set of businesses, it is a relevant factor. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog with Wells Fargo. 
Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo: Thank you. Good morning. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Bonnie. 
Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo: Hi. I just had a follow-up on the C store channel and then Frito-Lay. I was actually hoping you could give us a little more color in some of the new initiatives in this channel such as your individual store plan events that you started to implement, curiously how broad-based this initiative will be, and then maybe could you talk about any other changes you have been making in the important channel? 
Indra Nooyi: Well, Frito-Lay has always had the convenience store as a very, very strong go to market outlet and continues to be that way. Frito had terrific performance in Q1 and to get to that level of detail on how individual store planograms are working on. My suggestion is that at some point if you want to visit Frito-Lay and get a better sense of what they are doing in these stores we invite you to do that. 
Bonnie Herzog - Wells Fargo: In addition to that I dont know whats going as its planograms oriented. We obviously have made the move with certain packages in terms of moving into a larger volume on size and in addition to that we got some terrific innovation out in convenient stores right now and that innovation obviously really does help Frito-Lay, it is so sensitive to flavor innovation and convenience is where you tend to get a lot of trial on that stuff early on. Frankly if that works really well and we feel very, very good about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Damian Witkowski with Gabelli & Company. 
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company: In the past you have called the U.S. pricing environment probably one of the most irrational you have seen in the industry and Im wondering if you have changed your mind about that with what happened over the last couple of years and pricing seeming to be a little bit more rational and then the second part is are we seeing any of that in the international markets especially ones that are growing and getting bigger? 
Indra Nooyi: I made that comment a couple of years ago when pricing was crazy but I would say that it's become rational. I would say in burst it becomes irrational and I think if we continue to focus just on volume and mainly on volume Im talking mostly about beverages. If we only focus on volume growth it does lead to some irrational pricing especially when quarters have to end or when people are trying to make some volume number just to report something good. I think in this LRB category in particular it's very, very important. We thread volume and value very carefully. It's a big profitable category and we run the risk of sucking the profits out if we dont play this game responsibly. So thats the tact we have chosen to take and I hope that how the industry gets played out. We see burst of responsible behavior then at times we see action that we cant even explain but I guess this is part of free markets and competition so we will keep playing this. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein. 
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: My question is a little bit broader which is really around whether we should philosophically think of the global portfolio being one of part generating cash and profit in North America beverage in particular, particularly North America CSD to then take that and invest in parts of the global business that are actually growing more robustly. So emerging markets, snack markets in particular, is that the model you guys explicitly think about and talk about internally like some other CPG companies and retail companies do or is that just more organic in the way it's been happening. 
Indra Nooyi: Actually thats a very insightful observation because I think every company needs, if you go back to road share metrics that Boston Consulting came up with I think in the 60s or 70s, youre really talking about how you have some cash cows to go off and invest in big broad stars and thats how we all have to play the portfolio because a portfolio complete comprised of growth vehicles. You cant sustain in the investment. You do need some cash cows to be able to invest in growth engines. Having said that I think that mature low growth businesses especially if they are big and have consumer appeal and also right to reinvention and I think it's very important that established players reinvent their categories as opposed to allowing others to reinvent it and push them out and there are examples, many, many examples of big companies especially companies based here in the U.S. that did not reinvent their categories. So I think we adopt today behave responsibly, generate the cash in the North American business, grow responsibly and wait for international growth but reinvent North America simultaneously, which is why we have stepped up all our R&D investments in sweeteners, flavoring agents, new processing technologies. Unfortunately, the timing is a bit off, because R&D projects dont result in major breakthroughs in the same timeframe with which you can manage responsibly. So, you got to give it little bit more time to yield results. So, you are absolutely right in saying you have got to play the overall portfolio carefully. And what I feel good about the PepsiCo portfolio, we have a very good mix of growth businesses, businesses that generate cash and good returns to keep funding this growth. And I think our portfolio is so well-balanced in terms of snacks, beverages, geographic mix, different growth rates, that we are able to manage it sensibly and deliver the kind of profits that I think this portfolio is capable of generating well into the future. 
Operator: That was our final question. Id now like to turn the floor back over to Indra for any closing comments. 
Indra Nooyi: Thank you all. In closing, I just like to say that we are pleased with the way we are navigating through an uncertain and volatile environment. We have taken all the steps necessary to strengthen and position ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. I think the first quarter of 2013 is an excellent example of how well constructed and developed portfolio coupled with disciplined execution and reinvestment can drive high-quality top and bottom line results. So, I thank you for your time and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Brian Cornell - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Foods Zein Abdalla - President
Analysts: John Faucher - JPMorgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Caroline Levy - CLSA Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scot Dara Mohsenian  Morgan Stanley Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank Ann Gurkin  Davenport
Operator:
Jamie Caulfield:
Indra Nooyi:
Hugh Johnston:
Operator: 
John Faucher - JPMorgan:
Indra Nooyi:
Brian Cornell:
Operator:
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Indra Nooyi:
Zein Abdalla:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein:
Hugh Johnston:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Dara Mohsenian  Morgan Stanley:
Hugh Johnston:
Dara Mohsenian  Morgan Stanley:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Bill Schmitz  Deutsche Bank:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:
Hugh Johnston:
Operator:
Caroline Levy - CLSA:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Ann Gurkin  Davenport:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:
Indra Nooyi:
Operator:

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh F. Johnston - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Brian C. Cornell - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Foods Albert P. Carey - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Beverages
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Lauren Torres - HSBC, Research Division Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, please go ahead.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our third quarter performance and our balance-of-year outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. In an effort to get through as many analysts' questions as possible within the hour, we're doing 2 things today: first, we've shortened the amount of time for management's prepared remarks; and second, we're going to have a one-question limit so we can hopefully get through the full queue of analysts' questions. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2012 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with our cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to revenue, EPS and division and total operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the glossary and other attachments to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentations tab. Now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that we continue to make progress against the plan we shared with you earlier this year. Let me give you the headlines on our progress for the quarter. Our Asia, Middle East, Africa division had an excellent quarter across-the-board. Europe delivered solid results with very good pricing. Frito-Lay North America and Latin American Foods had good volume growth and net price utilization. And within Pepsi Americas Beverages, we gained value-sharing carbonated beverages while executing a much-needed cleanup of unprofitable segments of our noncarbonated portfolio. And across our businesses, we continued our stepped-up brand investment programs, heightened focus on innovation, productivity and execution and cash returns to you, our shareholders. Our financial results for the quarter were in line with our expectations. Core EPS was $1.20. Our 5% organic revenue growth reflected organic volume growth of 1% and positive price mix of 4%, which helped to offset steep commodity inflation. And our organic net revenue growth for the quarter is right in line with our year-to-date performance and they're on track to deliver the mid-single digit organic revenue growth target we shared with you at the beginning of the year. So overall, our results for the quarter and year-to-date, as well as the outlook for the remainder of the year, are right on track. So let me comment on each of our business units, share what's working and what we are pleased with and what aspects of the businesses we are still making progress on but remain work in process. Frito-Lay North America delivered a strong quarter. We saw a 3% organic revenue growth in the quarter, and our brand equity scores continue to strengthen. Our premium products gained share in the quarter, and the increased advertising behind our mainstream products is strengthening our performance. Our value share trends have sequentially improved throughout the year and Q3 was no exception. And as we enter Q4, we are seeing that trend continue. Our Quaker Foods business also had a good quarter. We are gaining share in hot cereal, driven by both increased advertising and breakthrough innovation with Quaker Medleys. The oatmeal category is very much on trend both in the United States and globally, and you can expect us to leverage our global groups to take innovation like Real Medleys around the world. Our Latin American Foods business delivered strong volume and double-digit organic revenue growth, and we continue to invest in routes and racks to support the robust growth in these markets. In Europe, we had strong performance with organic net revenue up 7% on 6 points of net price realization despite a challenging macroeconomic environment. Our performance is a result of both the portfolio strategies that we've executed, including our move to strengthen our presence in the faster-growing eastern European region coupled with good operating execution to capture growth opportunities. Our AMEA performance for the quarter was outstanding with strong volume growth, double-digit organic revenue growth and 14% core constant-currency operating profit growth. The strong results were across both our snacks and beverages businesses. For example, in India, our snack volume grew 12% and our beverage volume grew 23%. In Pakistan, our snack volume grew 27% and beverage volume grew 25%. Beverage volume grew 34% in Vietnam, 10% in Saudi Arabia and 7% in the Philippines. And in China, the Tingyi integration is substantially complete, and we've seen volume growth accelerating every month since June. The fourth quarter is off to a strong start with CSD volume up 15% in the month of September. Our North American beverage performance was mixed, some positives and a few areas that are works in progress. As we look at Q3 performance, keep in mind that we had one fewer trading day due to the timing of Labor Day, which impacted volumes by 1 percentage point. On the positive side, I am pleased with the discipline we've maintained on pricing. We achieved 3 points of positive price mix in the quarter. And we are pleased with our carbonated soft drink performance. Based on the IRI all channel data, we gained both value and volume share in the quarter. So even at higher pricing at retail, we grew our volume share. Our brand equity scores are strong, and our brand-building investments are working. Our noncarbonated beverage performance in North America was more challenged, driven by 3 factors: first, we cleaned up our juice portfolio by pulling out of unprofitable juice drinks; second, we made deliberate decision not to compete in case-packed water at unprofitable pricing levels; and third, Gatorade's performance was off this quarter, which was really a function of competitive pricing actions and an inventory outage at one of our major accounts. Q4 is off to a good start, and we expect the business to be positive for Q4. So we are being deliberate about where we're choosing to compete and about maintaining disciplined pricing. Our objective is to grow beverages profitably in North America and we're making the right decisions for the long-term health of the business. Across PepsiCo, we continue to make good progress on the brand building, innovation, execution, productivity and cash-return initiatives that are key elements of our long-term plan. From a brand perspective, we continue to increase the level of effectiveness of our advertising through our global campaigns by directing more of our spending to consumer-facing media. We are seeing positive results already, but as we've mentioned in the past, these investments typically take a year to fully take hold. We are 6 to 8 months into the program and I'm pleased with our steady improvement in brand-building initiatives. We'll be back to you on the fourth quarter call with another update on the specific brand equity performance just as we did on the second quarter call. Innovation has been solid across our businesses and was a key driver of our organic net revenue growth in the quarter. Our global beverage, snack and nutrition groups are having a positive impact. They are making good progress in refresh, reframe and breakthrough innovation and that's reflecting the solid top line growth we've seen over the past few quarters and the fact that our innovation, as a percentage of net revenue, is now running at approximately 8% of sales. In particular, I am pleased with breakthrough products like Quaker Real Medley, Pepsi Next and Gatorade Energy Chews, which have continued to steadily build during the quarter. We're on track to deliver in excess of $1 billion in productivity this year and to deliver our 3-year target of $3 billion. We're driving productivity across the entire value chain across all our businesses and have a robust pipeline of projects that span from best practice sharing to increased automation to new processing technology, which all give us confidence that we will achieve our 3-year target. And we continue to execute well. A good example is our activation of our partnership with the NFL. We are building on our 28-year relationship with the NFL, one of the world's most valuable sports properties. We are integrating on execution activities from national advertising to localized packaging, in-store activities and promotions. The national ties between the NFL and PepsiCo are happening across our portfolio, from Gatorade to Pepsi and Lay's to even Quaker and we're leveraging them both using traditional and social media. And at the local level, we're bringing them to life in the marketplace with team-specific packaging and merchandising displays in 22 of 32 team markets. We also have retail store managing incentives and player appearances right through to the stadium with beverage and snack time promotions. In short, the connection between the NFL and PepsiCo is bigger and better than ever and enabling us to convert fans' passion for their teams into passion for our products. We'll cap off the season's partnership with the NFL by having Pepsi as the official sponsor of the Super Bowl's halftime show. And just yesterday, we announced that Beyonc will be the featured artist, so it will be a performance you just don't want to miss. This is just one of the many examples of our sharpened execution and it's one of the reasons why we are making steady progress on improving our share results. Finally, we are making progress to drive higher returns on our invested capital and enhance shareholder return. We're delivering our earnings goals and we're converting them to stronger cash flow. We've reduced our net capital spending this year by $565 million year-to-date. We've returned $4.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases year-to-date, a 12% increase over the comparable prior year period and remain on track to return more than $6 billion for the full year. Overall, in a cautious consumer and retail environment in developed markets and generally strong consumer conditions in the developing and emerging markets, we continue to build our businesses in a fundamentally sound, focused, consistent manner. Our balanced portfolio of Fun-for-You, Better-for-You and Good-for-You products positions well with consumer trends. And our investments in brand building, innovation and execution are working well and enhancing both our competitiveness and capability for margin-accretive, sustainable growth in the future. To recap. We are pleased with our year-to-date progress in this reinvestment year and are executing well against our plan. Overall, our Q3 and year-to-date results give us confidence that we're on track to deliver a full year of financial targets for 2012. Just as important, our growth is balanced and reflects the successful execution of our strategy. So with that, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: Great. Thanks, Indra, and good morning, everyone. As Indra mentioned, the quarter came in, in line with what we were expecting. Organic net revenue growth increased 5% while our reported net revenue declined, reflecting the structural changes including Mexico and China, which reduced the reported number by approximately 5 points and by negative currency translation, which was a 5-point drag on the reported net revenue. We realized 1 point of organic volume growth and 4 points of effective net pricing globally. Core gross margins rose 56 basis points, driven by our effective net pricing and productivity initiatives, offsetting commodity inflation. And core division operating margins were down by 13 basis points, reflecting a substantial increase in advertising and marketing investment to grow our brand equity. All-in and in line with expectations, this resulted in a 3% decline in core division operating profit on a constant-currency basis and a 6% decline in core division operating profit on a U.S. dollar basis, reflecting a nearly 3-point drag from currency. Core corporate unallocated expenses increased in the quarter, reflecting higher pension-related costs and a deferred compensation charge that was offset by a corresponding credit reflected in net interest expense. Net interest expense was $181 million for the quarter, a decrease of approximately $28 million over Q3 of 2011. The impact of higher debt balances was more than offset by lapping a debt tender premium included in the prior year and by the deferred compensation hedge credit I just mentioned. And our core tax rate for the quarter was 26.3%, which is 90 basis points higher than the rate in Q3 of 2011. And finally, our fully diluted share count was down 2% in the quarter compared to the prior year period, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program. So in total, below-the-line items, mainly pension-related expenses we recorded at the corporate level and a higher tax rate offset somewhat by the benefit of reduced share count drove about 1 point of deleverage from our core constant-currency division operating profit decline of 3% to our core constant-currency EPS decline of 4%. Turning to our outlook. From an earnings perspective, consistent with our previous outlook and what we've been saying since February, we expect our core constant-currency EPS to decline 5% for the year. We're on target to increase our investment in advertising and marketing to 5.7% of revenue this year, an increase of 50 basis points over our investment level last year. Now I realize that EPS for the first 3 quarters came in a bit ahead of consensus estimate, but you should not flow that through to the bottom line as you update your full year models. Our intention is to reinvest any upside into the business to support and accelerate our brand building, innovation and productivity initiatives. Based on current ForEx market consensus, currency translation would have approximately 3 points unfavorable impact on our full year core EPS, and we expect the core tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year. As you update your models for the fourth quarter, you should be mindful of a few items in particular. The impact of structural changes will have an approximate 2.5-point negative impact on revenue. ForEx is expected to have an approximate 1 point negative impact on revenue and operating profit. We anticipate both commodity inflation and price realization to moderate somewhat in the fourth quarter from the level we saw in Q3. We're lapping several divestiture gains from Q4 of 2011, most notably the sales of several unrelated businesses within QFNA and LAF and the sale of our interest in a bottler in AMEA. Corporate unallocated expenses in Q4 are expected to be higher than in Q3 due to the fact that Q4 is a longer reported period, so we have 4 additional weeks of costs in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. Net interest expense is expected to be higher year-on-year in Q4, given higher debt balances and higher rates. From a cash flow standpoint, year-to-date reported cash generated by operating activities was $5.1 billion, which includes a $1 billion discretionary pension and retiree medical contribution that we made in Q1. Reflecting our capital spending productivity initiatives, net CapEx is down $565 million year-to-date and down more than 120 basis points as a percentage of revenue on a rolling 4-quarters basis. In addition, our operating working capital also improved year-to-date with net working capital on receivables, inventory, prepaid expenses and payables improving by $685 million year-on-year. Our management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, improved by $670 million to $4.9 billion year-to-date. For the full year, we expect to generate more than $6 billion in management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, and return more than $6 billion in dividends and share repurchases. Net, the quarter came in where we expected. The pricing picture and volumes overall were positive, and our outlook for the year for earnings, cash flow and cash returns is completely consistent with what we've shared previously with you. Operator, we'll take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on Americas Beverages. Just if -- just want to understand the drag that you saw in the quarter in the noncarb portfolio relative to the inventory outage, I guess, on Gatorade and also calling some SKUs. Does that also continue into the fourth quarter and 2013, or is that just a 3Q effect?
Indra K. Nooyi: It's a 3Q effect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping for more detail on your progress so far with the Tingyi alliance, and specifically I'm curious for how much progress you've made in terms of expanded distribution so far and how distribution expansion plays out going forward over the next few quarters.
Indra K. Nooyi: So the Tingyi deal was closed in the early part of second quarter. And through June, July and August, we went through the integration process. And starting sort of June, July, we started seeing the volumes pick up because the integration activities were completed. And in September, we actually saw the CSD volumes grow 15%. Now September is the first month in Q4, so it's not in the Q3 numbers. We haven't yet started to reap the benefits of the increased Tingyi manufacturing footprint because we haven't yet pulled the [indiscernible] lines in the new Tingyi plant. So the benefit you're seeing now is just the benefits from our own brand equity and our focus back on the business now that the integration activities are over. On the reported number, you saw volumes in AMEA up significantly, that's because some of the juice volume that we have transitioned to Tingyi and everything got rebranded as Tropicana, so you'll start seeing an acceleration of our noncarbonated beverage business starting Q4 and going into 2013. As we've mentioned before, the alliance between PepsiCo and Tingyi creates the largest beverage company in China with a 1.5 to 1.6 relative market share of -- versus the next largest competitor. Between us, we will basically cover the entire country and have over 70 plants between the 2 of us in China. So I think us going into 2013 and forward, this business is going to look very, very good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted -- just want to ask about Frito. So as we look at this, you're getting a little bit of volume growth, a little bit of positive price mix. From what we can tell from the scanner data, you're losing a little bit of share within the category. So can you talk about sort of what you're willing to do in terms of going after the higher end and in terms of getting the shares up? And how much do you view Frito as look, we'll take the top line and the share growth is less important, or do you feel like you need to fight back a little bit more aggressively to stem some of the share declines? And can you also comment on shares in C&G relative to shares in large format?
Indra K. Nooyi: John, I'm just going to give you some overall comments and then toss it to Brian Cornell who's here. Frito-Lay, as we mentioned in the script, we're seeing sequential improvement in shares Q2, Q3, and in Q4 we're actually in the positive territory. So we feel very, very good about it. Second, we talked about the premium business, the value business and the mainstream business. The good news is in premium, we are now gaining share; mainstream, the share is stabilized and now getting into positive territory. And we want to make sure we crack the code on the value business in a responsible way without diluting anything we're doing in the mainstream business. We are focused on share. We do not intend to lose share on a consistent basis. We are the category, so we are looking at ways that we can keep the share progression and remain in the positive territory. So let me turn it to Brian to give you a little bit more color on Frito-Lay and also talk about the convenience trend.
Brian C. Cornell: Sure. Well, John, as Indra mentioned, we really felt like Tom and the team delivered very strong results in the third quarter. That team is focused on balancing both profit volume and growing share. And I think some of the investments we've made in the first half of the year really started to pay dividends in the third quarter. Our investments in brand, in innovation, our continued focus and execution delivered 1% pound growth. We saw that translate to 3% in revenue. And despite a 41% increase in our advertising expenditures, we grow our [indiscernible] by 1%. So we're starting to see that deliver stability and share. And as I look at our share over the balance of the year, we expect to see sequential improvement continue. We were very pleased with our share performance at T10 [ph], both from a value standpoint, but importantly from a volume standpoint. And that increased pound growth is turning into an increase in our overall volume share. So we feel like we're on the right track. We've taken a very disciplined approach at Frito. We got our pricing in the first half of the year, but we're now seeing pound growth, revenues increase and stability and share improvement from a volume standpoint. So I really feel like we're on track at Frito and we expect to see sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. John, you also asked about some of the overall trends, and before I just jump into C&G, why don't I just give you a general sense for the food and beverage landscape in the third quarter. Overall, we did see food and beverage trend soften in Q3. And if you remember, the second quarter report, as we started talking about these new [indiscernible] results, the overall food and beverage growth was 3.9% in the second quarter. That softened to a growth rate of 2.4% in Q3. That was largely driven by soft trends in grocery, and we did see grocery soften to only a 50 basis point growth rate in the third quarter. That was down from growth of 1.4% in Q2. C-store continues to outperform the overall food and beverage trends. And again, in the third quarter, C&G was up 4%, so continuing to outperform the overall food and beverage trend. And as Indra mentioned, we continue to see big growth in that value segment and dollar continued to drive very strong growth. It was up 16.1% in the second quarter and actually increased its growth rate in Q3 to 18.3%. So overall at Frito, we feel like we're on the right track. We're looking to balance our focus between maintaining and growing our position in the mainstream. Indra mentioned we've been focused on accelerating our performance in premium. And in a category that grew 16%, our performance in premium was up 17%. So we're building share in those important categories and we're focused on our portfolio performance in the value segment. But overall for Frito, a very solid third quarter. We feel like we're building sequential performance as we go into Q4 and we're balancing that with the changing retail landscape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: If I can ask also about China and maybe a 2-part question. The first is if you'd like to give just some context on what you're seeing from a macro perspective. And then second, your results are quite different from what we're seeing with some other companies in the region. So can you talk maybe about the sustainability of the strength you're seeing in China. And then maybe, is there -- was there anything that was, short term, maybe incremental distribution or anything in 3Q that may not continue forward in the next year or so?
Indra K. Nooyi: So Kaumil, I'm going to start with the last question you asked and then work my way backwards. First, there was nothing in Q3 that was a result of increased distribution because we haven't even begun to reap the benefits of the increased distribution that, as I said earlier, will come in the first quarter of 2013 and forward. So what you're seeing is just the strength of the brand and our innovation in China. That's the first observation. Second, both our snacks and beverage businesses are growing very nicely. The snacks business was always growing well. The beverage business, for a quarter or 2, went through its transition pains, but we're through with that and the business is back to growth. And so we feel good about China business overall. Being in partnership with Tingyi has really strengthened our franchise massively and given us instant access to the whole country. And once we've put the right manufacturing lines in Tingyi's plant, remember, we only had about 20 plants in China. Tingyi has got over 50 plants, so the combination gives us complete coverage of China. And so the combination when once we've put the [indiscernible] lines in Tingyi plants is going to give us a real boost in the coverage in China. Let's talk about the macros in China. I've been there 3 times this year, Kaumil, and I'm back in China next week. If you are on the ground in China, you don't really sense the slowdown. If GDP slows down from 9% or 10% to 7% to 8%, from a country's perspective, when you're trying to get more and more people out of unemployment into employment and then trying to address underemployment, it matters a lot. But from a consumer product perspective, especially on small ticket items, which are very basic food and beverage products, you don't really see the impact in our categories. And in every city that I've been in China, and I've crisscrossed the country, there is buoyancy, there is a certain optimism in the country. Of course, everybody would like the growth to go back to 9% or 10% in China, but at 7% -- 7.8%, I still think China is performing at the peak of its game versus all of the other countries in the region or in the world today. So macro is a bit slow but certainly not impacting our categories at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to go back to the Frito question. And I understand the volume trend has improved sequentially this year, but pricing has also moderated. So when we hear you say you're on track with Frito, I'm just wondering what kind of organic revenue and profit growth that is really realistic for this business to kind of deliver in more normalized inflationary environment. Is it sort of 3% revenue, 5% kind of profit growth or can we get back to kind of mid-single digit, 6%, 8% kind of profit growth that we saw in prior years? And what is really needed to kind of get Frito to that position?
Indra K. Nooyi: Judy, Hugh is going to take this question and then, Brian, you can chip in with any additional comments you might have.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Judy, why don't I start on the questions you're asking specifically about Frito's algorithm going forward. As we've talked about in the past, we don't share division-specific algorithms. We think we wind up getting into a level of conversation that, frankly, isn't productive for everyone as we get to quarter's end. That said, in general, I think you can expect to see, as commodities normalize, you can expect to see Frito go back to a more normal type of an algorithm. Obviously, it's been more price-driven as we've seen exceptional commodity inflation. As we see commodities normalize, as the business both does well in mainstream and continues to gain share in the premium segment, you can expect to see an algorithm that's a little bit closer to what we've traditionally delivered in the past in Frito-Lay. Brian, I don't know if you want to add any color to that?
Brian C. Cornell: I think you've captured -- I think as we go forward, you're going to continue to see us take a very balanced approach. We recognize the importance of growing pounds. We want to continue to make sure we're managing pricing appropriately. And we think that'll yield through our productivity initiatives, expansion of our [indiscernible] margins. So as we go forward, you'll continue to see our strategy focused on building our mainstream portfolio. Our investments in brand and innovation are going to continue to solidify that position. We believe we can accelerate our position in premium, you're seeing that take place today. And we're very pleased with the performance of brands like Stacy's as we move into the fourth quarter. And we'll continue to make sure that we participate appropriately in the value segment. So we're going to stay very focused on executing that agenda, continue to invest in our brands, in innovation, making sure that our execution continues to improve at the point-of-purchase and as a company that's very focused on its productivity initiatives. So a very consistent strategy as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you just give us an outlook on Pepsi Americas Beverages, when you think volume growth is going to resume? I mean will it be as easy as when the pricing starts to lap, volumes should come back? Or has there been a change in some of the elasticity curves? And then if I could just sneak in one more. Can you just tell us what Gatorade grew in the quarter?
Indra K. Nooyi: Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So, hey, Bill, why don't I start and then Al is here with me and he can add a bit as well. In terms of determining when volume growth is going to resume, again we're getting back to sort of decision -- division-specific guidance. It's a place that we really don't want to get into on a broad-scale basis. I do think that we look at the volumes, we look at our portfolio. As commodities normalize, we think the category is still overall LRB, probably has a little bit of growth in it. And in terms of our portfolio, there's no reason that we wouldn't be able to hold share in that environment. So a lot of the question of when is going to be driven by commodities and what happens there. But I do think that we think the category has got a little bit of volume growth in it and I think our portfolio positions us well to hold share within the category.
Indra K. Nooyi: But I should add another thing, Hugh, in that we've always said we want to grow this beverage business profitably. And this year was a big reinvestment year. We invested significantly and there was commodity inflation. But going into next year, we want to play this game in North American beverages very responsibly and make sure we're generating profit growth. So it's important we don't chase unprofitable businesses, unprofitable categories. For example, bottled water. There was hell of a price war going on in bottled water, so we chose not to play in the unprofitable segment of bottled water. We did a real portfolio scrub and we said, hey, terribly unprofitable businesses, which were chased many, many years ago for the sake of volume share, which everybody was maniacally focused on as opposed to responsible volume share, we got out of. Very painful decisions, but we got out of that. And Gatorade was down high-single digits in the quarter, but I would say a bulk of that was an inventory problem at a certain customer. As we go into Q4, we're already in the positive territory. And again, what we want to make sure in Gatorade is that we don't make the mistakes that we made in the 2004, '05, '06 time frame where we grew it as a general hydration product as opposed to a sports nutrition product. Because if we go back to that strategy of just selling it as a everyman's hydration and just another beverage, we're again renting volume. We've been there, done that. So we want to make sure we're going after the active thirst occasion, going after the athlete, sustaining our pricing and then flanking our core Gatorade product with innovation. So that's the strategy we're going to pursue in Gatorade. And we're going to focus on the overall beverage portfolio going into 2013 as opposed to looking at one category or the other. The good news is we started with carbonated soft drinks. It's going well. We are holding volume share and value share. So we're feeling good about that. And now we'll start working the other parts of the portfolio. Did you want to add anything?
Hugh F. Johnston: I'd just add this, just a quick thing. Our overall Pepsi-Cola business, our overall beverage business, and our bottling system, our company-owned as well as our franchise bottling system, was actually right in line with Q2. And our CSD trends are actually better with an improved share. Now, the Gatorade business was the big drag on our non-carb business in Q3. Some of that we knew was going to happen because we were lapping a time when we put DSD Gatorade out on our route trucks in the drug and the dollar channels, so we ended up having to lap that business and we knew that would probably happen. But we also chose to not participate in some deep discounts that we had on Gatorade from a year ago. And while it was painful, this is a year we're trying to clean up that portfolio where we're not renting share and getting into promotions that we really can't sustain the volume. So right after the summer was over with, our Gatorade business has moved back to a growth territory. And the way we think about Gatorade right now is it can grow through 3 steps: one is what I call solid, hybrid EDV [ph] pricing where we're competitive, but we're reasonable on the shelf every day. The second thing is advertising that's effective. And I think if you look at this RG3 advertising that's being played out on a lot of the NFL shows and also on the baseball playoffs, that's the kind of advertising that works for Gatorade. We're getting very good consumer response from it. And then finally, product news. And these new Chews are doing a terrific job, but they're small. We have plans next year for improved product news on the base Gatorade business that I think will add some growth. So all in all, it was a short-term blip for Gatorade and I expect that, that business will be solid for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So one quick clarification on the core question, just a quick clarification in terms of the stuff you pulled out in terms of cleaning up the juice and not playing in water, why that's just a Q3 effect versus going forward. But the core question is if you take all of the explanation, that face value from a PAB volume perspective in this quarter, or even FLNA and how you're thinking about that and you translate that forward, do you think you're going to have to invest more in this category to get the results you're getting now? Or do you think you're at the right level of investment for the types of growth you're seeing in those categories, underlying, taking away all these outages on inventory and all that sort of stuff?
Indra K. Nooyi: Ali, I believe that we are investing at the right amount in this business. What we talked about is stepping up our advertising from 5.2% to 5.7% this year and then we said over the next 3 years we're going to increase that steadily, okay? And at this point, we feel good about where we are. The other thing we're doing is advertising money that sat with our bottling partners, our joint venture partners. We're making sure that's also being deployed the right way and that's not even included in the 5.7% numbers. So I think, taken together, all the marketplace investment that we have in the marketplace today, the fact that we're shifting more nonworking media to media -- working media and that we are focusing our portfolio down to 12 muscular brands, I think all of that is really driving results for the business and we feel good about the progress. Now all of this is for naught if we don't back it up with good innovation. So our global groups are focused on innovation and not just rifle-shot innovation, more platform innovation and focusing on refresh, reframe and breakthrough. And I think this sort of a deliberate focus on innovation, deliberate focus on execution and brand building is beginning to yield results. And what we have to make sure is that we don't chase or we don't try to chase volume growth at all costs. I think historically the strategy has been for many people in this industry to go after volume growth at all costs. So bottled water was fair game, going after value snacks without regard to responsible portfolio management was sort of the right thing to do for the segment -- for the category. I think going forward, especially large companies like us, branded companies like us, we have to think through carefully which parts of the portfolio we actually add value. And that's why I think we're playing a much more focused, deliberate and differential game going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: To continue the conversation on Americas Beverage, could you give us the actual numbers for carb and noncarb in North America? And then more qualitative, perhaps for you, Al, still on track for your plans to decrease promotions around key holidays and using the fourth quarter to kind of lay the structural foundation for that for next year?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Mark, this is Hugh. The numbers on sparkling and on noncarbs, sparkling was down 2, but as we talked about, we do have a timing difference in terms of the quarter. And in terms of the impact on that, when you work your way through that timing difference, the down 2 is closer to flat once you sort of take out that trading day piece. So we think on carbonated, we were basically in line with primary competition. Noncarbonated was down 7, which was obviously much -- a much deeper number. And the reasons were exactly the ones that Indra shared earlier: number one, we made some changes in terms of some unprofitable juice drink businesses that we had; number two was there were some pretty aggressive case-packed water deals out there that we chose not to participate in; and then number three was the Gatorade issue that we've been talking about. Going forward, the Gatorade issue is behind us. As Al has referenced, we're back to growth in the fourth quarter. In terms of the unprofitable juice, I think we're largely past that now at this point. That overlap is also largely behind us. Case-packed water, as Indra mentioned, our stance is going to be consistent on that. We're not interested in chasing unprofitable case-packed water deals. So given all of that, we'd certainly expect to see the noncarb numbers pick up on a go-forward basis and that's how we're thinking about it.
Albert P. Carey: Mark, the other part of your question was about the tremendous amount of volume done on promotion in the category. It's not just us, I think it's the overall category. And the answer is, we're moving to what I call a hybrid EDV [ph] pricing strategy. It's a tricky thing to implement, so you can't do it overnight. But I think towards the end of the fourth quarter, you'll see more of that and certainly in 2013.
Hugh F. Johnston: And that'll benefit, we believe, pricing flow-through within the PepsiCo P&L. We think it's the right strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Couple of questions. But I'm actually going to ask about your thinking in North America Beverages. First, I think you said that you'll examine all underperforming assets and you've done that with Mexico, done it with China very successfully. Can you update us, Indra, on your thinking on North American bottling ROIC, et cetera? And separately, energy drinks are taking market share in CSDs and they seem to be, to some degree, the drink of the youth today. What's your position on energy drinks?
Indra K. Nooyi: On energy drinks, I think the way we'd like to play the energy drinks is in a more responsible way, maybe I should use that word. We have some interesting launches that we have next year on the cards, which plays it in a way that is consistent with our product portfolio and consistent with where we think consumers want to go with energy. So I think that's the right strategy for energy and you'll see some of those launches coming to the marketplace next year. There's no question energy drinks took share from mainstream players. But I think that's not a strategy that any of the big companies could have deployed and been successful at. So we're going to take a more responsible and a disciplined approach in energy drinks going into next year. Let's talk about our thinking in North American beverages. What we told you earlier this year was that in North American beverages, we were going to execute -- improve our execution significantly. We would invest behind brand building. It was going to take a year or 18 months to start to see the results. And we are very steadily executing on the game plan that we outlined for you in the early part of February. Meanwhile, we also have seen some interesting results come out from our technology investments. And our hope is that by this time next year, we should start seeing the benefit of a lot of the technology bets we placed, whether it's natural sweeteners, enhancers, whatever that will allow us to go in and create real differentiation in our product portfolio, especially in carbonated soft drinks so that we can actually offer to the consumers in the 2014 and beyond a product portfolio that consumers love. They love bubbles, they love the caffeine, they love cola taste, but addresses any value that might exist in the areas of sugar in the portfolio or artificial sweeteners. So we are optimistic about the results of R&D investment and we are hopeful that towards the end of 2013, early 2014 and beyond, we can actually launch differentiated innovation in some of our core categories. So our North American beverage business, our reinvestment activities, our turnaround activities are all on track and we'll keep giving you updates every quarter. But believe me, we look at everything about this business and we look at improving the returns of the company on an ongoing basis.
Hugh F. Johnston: And Indra, if I can add one more comment to that. Just going back to the energy drink question, I want to take one thing off the table very explicitly. We do not have the strategy or an intention to deploy significant M&A capital into the energy drink category. So I want to make sure we're crystal clear on that so that it's well understood by all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Indra, I thought it was interesting on the Asia, Middle East and Africa business not only the great volume performance, but really the margin performance. And I wonder if you take a step back and you talked about China, do you -- is there an opportunity over time to raise the margin of that business over -- through positive price mix over time? I think we're trained to thinking about emerging markets businesses as lower gross margin. I think that's true in most cases. But have we hit inflection point at China or other major emerging markets where either volumes are good enough, the consumer healthy enough that you can really start to up margin those markets over the next couple of years?
Indra K. Nooyi: I think, overall, AMEA, our Middle East business is very strong. Great volume growth, revenue growth, margin growth, margin expansion, profit growth, no issues. I think markets like South Asia, you get tremendous volume growth, you get revenue growth, but we're also investing heavily because the market is growing 15%, 20%, so we have to put in tremendous investment to keep the growth going. And the good news is once the growth starts moderating and I hope it takes many years before it moderates, the business starts to yield very, very attractive return. But on the short term, we have to keep growing the business through investments, both P&L and on the balance sheet. And in China, absolutely once the Tingyi deal is up and running, which we hope will be going into 2014 and beyond, you should start seeing margins in the beverage business improve. But again, we want to reinvest that back in the snacks business and keep growing the overall portfolio. So basically, what we are focused on is PepsiCo as an overall portfolio. AMEA will always be a big growth engine. We will always keep investing in AMEA, and then the slower growth markets will be the source of investment for areas like AMEA. And so taken together, this portfolio should be able to deliver for PepsiCo along the lines that we talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Torres with HSBC.
Lauren Torres - HSBC, Research Division: It's been great to hear that you've been able to confirm, and I guess, reaffirm guidance for this year throughout the year. But as most of us are thinking about next year, Indra, I was curious to get your confidence level if you think we could return to your long-term growth goals in 2013?
Indra K. Nooyi: I'm going to have Hugh talk to that. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: We'll talk about 2013 specifically in February. We've given long-term guidance to give you an indication as to how you should model out multiple years. But with the world as volatile as it is, we think just as a practice the right answer is to give guidance in February as we do our Q4 call. So no indications, positive, negative or otherwise, in terms of 2013. We'll get to that in the course of a couple of months.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Damian Witkowski with Gabelli & Company.
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: As we're 6, I think, 8 months into the incremental advertising spend here in the U.S., just curious how do you measure its effectiveness and how -- is there a way of measuring shorter-term versus just looking at it from a long-term perspective? And then any media that's performing better than other, whether it's for beverages or snacks, that's sort of standing out?
Indra K. Nooyi: We did talk about the fact that we are going to be measuring brand equity, especially of the 12 big brands that we outlined in our February meeting. And we're doing 2 things: We're looking at what we're doing in process and then we're looking at sort of tailpipe metrics. In process, we're looking to make sure that we are shifting more nonworking media to media -- to working media. And then we're also making sure we're investing more in the 12 brands and slowly start to cull the tail. So we are making progress on that and we track it almost on a monthly basis. From a tailpipe metric, it's brand equity. Now typically, brand equity scores take 12, 18 months to really show improvement, sustained improvement. Interestingly, as we shared with you in our Q2 scorecard, and we're going to show you again the next scorecard in Q4 as part of our Q4 call, we are beginning to see improvement across most of the brand portfolio. So the programs we have in place, the additional investment and the fact that we're doing a 360-degree activation, not just spending money on television advertising, but in the digital world, executing better, doing the right promotion. All of that, we're seeing as beginning to drive the brand equity scores into positive territory. Now let me make sure we all understand. Our brand equity scores for these 12 brands is already pretty high. And we wanted to make sure that we continue to hold it or increase it in an advertising environment that was extremely cluttered. And I think the efforts that we're undertaking we're already beginning to see some results, which is very, very comforting to see. And I think as the quarters go on, you'll see even more benefit and that will then translate to higher value share. And so we're watching this virtuous circle very, very carefully and making adjustments as we go along and it's happening both in beverages and snacks and our nutrition products and it's across all 12 brands. So with that, let me just say, in closing, Q3 marked good progress against a clear, focused plan. As we said earlier, our AMEA region had an excellent quarter across-the-board. Europe delivered solid results behind good pricing and marketplace execution. Americas Foods had good volume growth and net price realization. Share trends in Frito-Lay North America are encouraging. And North American beverages, we gained value share in carbonated beverages while executing a cleanup of unprofitable segments of our noncarbonated beverage portfolio. Our stepped up brand-building investments are beginning to pay off. Innovation performance is improving. We are executing in a disciplined way in the marketplace. We're on track to deliver our productivity commitment and on our cash returns to you, our shareholders. In short, we are executing with great focus to drive results and do what's right for the short-term, medium-term and long-term health of the business. So with that, let me just say thank you to all of you for joining us and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's PepsiCo's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Zein Abdalla - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Europe Hugh F. Johnston - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Brian C. Cornell - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Foods Albert P. Carey - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Beverages John C. Compton - President Saad Abdul-Latif - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East & Africa
Analysts: John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO, as well as a few of our operating executives. We'll lead off today's call with a review of our second quarter performance and our balance-of-year outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2012 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with the cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to revenue, EPS and division and total operating profit growth are on a core basis. In addition, references to organic results in this call exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and, beginning with this quarter, foreign exchange translation. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures we use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the glossary and other attachment to this morning's earnings release and to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentations tab. And now. it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thanks, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results came in right in line with our expectations. The major economies we do business in, consumer behavior, the competitive landscape and commodities were all in line with our assumptions and expectations. Net revenue in the quarter grew 5% on an organic basis, supported by organic net revenue growth in each of our 4 business units. This is a solid result, reflecting balanced revenue management, which led to a healthy price mix benefit. Our organic net revenue growth was 5% year-to-date, and we're on track to deliver organic revenue growth of mid-single-digits for full year 2012. Our organic net revenue growth was ahead of our reported revenue growth, owing to structural changes and to the negative impact of translating our international revenues with the strengthened dollar in Q2. The structural changes included refranchising our bottling operations in Mexico in the fourth quarter of last year and, in China, with the transaction with Tingyi at the beginning of Q2. As a consequence of entering into new franchise agreements with our highly capable partners, we no longer report bottling revenues in these markets. From a strategic standpoint, these transactions strengthen our operations and are expected to improve our operating margins and key efficiency metrics, including revenue and EBIT per employee, improve our returns on capital and reduce the capital intensity of PepsiCo's operations in these markets. Importantly, in addition to very solid organic top line growth in the quarter, we continue to gain traction on the brand building, innovation, and execution of productivity initiatives that are key elements of our 2012 plan. Before I discuss progress on these initiatives though, let me quickly review the financial highlights for Q2. Our financial results are right in line with our expectation. Core EPS was $1.12. As I just mentioned, organic net revenue grew 5% and it reflected strong price mix across all of our businesses. Globally, price mix was up 4%, and this pricing helped to offset the impact of about $350 million of commodity cost inflation. We had growth in both global snack revenue and global beverage revenue on an organic basis. In emerging and developing markets, revenue growth was particularly strong, up 9% on an organic basis, led by strong double-digit organic revenue growth in key emerging markets. Results are generally strong across our 4 business units, and each business unit posted organic revenue growth and achieved solid productivity gains to help offset inflation. Within PepsiCo Americas Foods, Frito-Lay North America executed very deliberate channel and revenue management strategies that drove very good net price realization revenue growth, especially in the C-store and foodservice channels, and positive unit growth overall, while they delivered volume performance that was even with prior year. We could have employed different volume-oriented tactics, particularly in large format channels, but they would have been detrimental to our overall channel mix and net pricing objectives, and we are comfortable with the channel, pricing, unit and volume balance we achieved. PepsiCo Americas Beverages had another solid quarter of solid net price realization. We remain highly disciplined in the execution of our price/pack and channel strategies, and as a result, we are seeing very good performance in the immediate consumption packages, which led to strong net revenue growth in the C-store channel, and we are seeing good, stable and value share performance relative to our primary competitor in measured channels. Europe was a terrific story with strong performance, with organic net revenue up 3% and constant currency operating profit up 15%. Zein will comment on Europe in more detail in a few minutes. In AMEA, we had 10% organic net revenue growth and terrific operating profit performance, reflecting the strength of the top line growth and our productivity programs. Overall, our Q2 results encourage us that we're making good progress, and we're on track to deliver our full year financial targets. Let me now turn to the progress we are making on our key initiatives for the year. We remain focused on 5 big areas: brand building, innovation, execution, productivity and driving cash returns. Let me talk to each of them. On brand building. We're on target to increase our investment in advertising and marketing to 5.7% of revenue this year, which is an increase of 50 basis points over our investment level last year. We've made good progress on increasing our consumer-facing A&M investment, focused on 12 global mega brands, to drive greater scale and impact with our spending. Much of this is enabled by having much greater coordination among our operations globally, allowing us to leverage creative and production activities across multiple geographies, which gives us cost leverage and drives greater consistency in our brand messaging. And we've significantly stepped up our media in key markets. For example, in the United States alone, our media spending was up over 40% in the second quarter and over 30% year-to-date. And we're beginning to gain traction with these efforts. Brand equity scores for our major brands in our key markets are showing improvement in many cases and are stabilizing in the remainder. We will sustain our efforts in this area, and we are confident we will see higher brand equity scores translate into strong top line growth with healthy price premiums. Our second focus area is innovation, where our goal is to consistently increase the contribution of new products to our total net revenue. Our innovation is targeted on specific channels, cohorts and occasion opportunities and with the balance focused on Fun-for-You, Better-for-You and Good-for-You products. For example, at Frito-Lay North America, innovation drove incremental sales all across the portfolio. Doritos had double-digit sales growth in the quarter behind innovations such as Doritos JACKED and Doritos Locos Tacos, which continues to drive strong growth at Taco Bell. Ruffles delivered mid-single-digit sales growth, supported by incremental sales from Ruffles Ultimate, which continues to gain distribution during ramp up, with strong retail activations surrounding the launch. In our Frito-Lay growth ventures business, which is focused on incubating new premium and value products, revenue grew 13% in the quarter, led by double-digit gains in Stacy's and our Smartfood platform. In North American beverages, Pepsi Next is off to a strong start, and we have just launched 2 new limited-time-only flavors, Pepsi Next Cherry Vanilla and Pepsi Next Paradise Mango, to satisfy the thirst of cola lovers looking for unique fruit flavor blends, both with 60% less sugar than regular colas. We're also driving growth across the Gatorade portfolio, with additions to the G Series line and introduction of differentiated packaging. One of our most recent introductions is the Prime Chew. The Chews come in 3 flavors and contain 25 grams of carbohydrates, as well as B vitamins, to help your body break down carbs into fuel and helps you maintain your performance throughout your activity. And at Quaker, we are driving organic sales growth and share gains with innovation like Quaker Real Medleys and Quaker Yogurt Bars. Interestingly, on both Quaker Real Medleys and the Gatorade Chews, we are selling all we have the capacity to make. Year-to-date, our innovation is off to a good start, and it provides a good base to build on. Let me turn to execution. We are measuring and driving execution across every element of the value chain to increase efficiency, quality and service to best-in-class levels, and we are seeing good results across our functions and businesses. One example is how we've executed our price/pack and channel mix strategies this year, driving strong revenue realization and positive mix. This is evident in North America where our C-store growth remains very strong, with retail sales gaining 8% in both snacks and beverages in the second quarter, making us the #1 contributor to growth in the channel. In fact, PepsiCo was the largest contributor to food and nonalcoholic beverage growth across all measured channels in the United States in the second quarter. And our businesses are executing well together. We launched our Rock Your Summer campaign, where consumers are encouraged to match, snap and win. Match any Frito-Lay product with any Pepsi beverage product and then snap and submit a picture of the 2 products for a chance to win a variety of prizes. We featured the campaign in 46 of our top 50 retail accounts and increased our Power of One displays on the grocery channel by 13% compared to last summer. Joint promotion merchandising is a key element of our Power of One programming, and it's driving coincidence of purchase of PepsiCo beverages and PepsiCo snacks at a rate well above our fair share. And our execution focus is especially evident in many of our emerging and developing markets. For example, we had strong double-digit organic revenue growth in beverages in India and Brazil and snacks in Mexico and India, and we are especially pleased with the progress we've made in Eastern Europe. I'd like to ask Zein to give us a quick update on this business, which had very good results this quarter. Zein?
Zein Abdalla: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Despite the well-known challenges in Europe, we continue to build momentum in our business, beginning with a very solid performance in Q1 followed by strong results in Q2. We grew our organic net revenue by 3% and delivered 15% growth in our core constant currency net operating profits. We've done this through a disciplined approach to pricing and mix management, together with terrific execution against an aggressive productivity agenda. A particular highlight this quarter has been our acceleration in Eastern Europe, where our successful integration of Wimm-Bill-Dann and our Power of One initiatives drove outstanding results in Russia. Our success has really been enabled by the transformation we've made to our business over the last few years, with a strong focus on expanding in the faster-growing Eastern European markets, encompassing a broader set of categories to cater for more consumer needs and day part, a portfolio that is wonderfully balanced across Fun-for-You, Better-for-You and Good-for-You, which is the best way to compete in this region. In 2008, less than 25% of Europe's revenue mix came from the east. And by last year, that figure had increased to well over 50%. And this portfolio transformation is helping us weather the macroeconomic headwinds facing other parts of Europe. PepsiCo Europe's increasingly diverse category portfolio -- about 40% of net revenue comes from snack, with the remainder well balanced across noncarbonated beverages, DSDs and dairy -- has positioned us to respond to changing consumer preferences and to strengthen our mix. Central to these changes has been PepsiCo's journey in Russia, one we embarked upon some 50 years ago. Through our recent investments, we've built the largest food and beverage business in Russia, a powerhouse business primed for growth and positioned to capitalize on the market with lots of growth potential. PepsiCo Russia net revenues now represent some 40% of our total sector's revenue, and Russia is growing profit at the fastest rate in Europe. We have leading positions in multiple categories: savory snacks, juice, tea, water, energy and dairy, with a portfolio of strong global and local brands. In fact, we now have 10 of the top 25 nonalcoholic food and beverage brands in Russia, each with retail sales of more than $250 million. By building on this strong base, PepsiCo Russia provides a gateway to more than 400 million consumers. It's our base for expanding successfully across Eastern and Central Europe, and we started to see the benefits of this in the quarter with accelerated growth in Ukraine and other CIS markets. The integration of Wimm-Bill-Dann is progressing very well. Adding this to the Power of One business infrastructure we had already put into place across our Russian businesses, we've been able to drive significant synergies and productivity. We have a fully integrated and low-cost supply chain and back office, delivering substantial cost synergies. We have tremendous go-to-market advantage with unparalleled reach across the organized and traditional trade channels. We've created a single-sales structure to our top 8 national accounts, enabling us to capitalize on the benefits of scale to enhance customer engagement. We've integrated our foodservice teams in Moscow and St. Petersburg, now delivering dairy, juice, beverages and snacks to on-premise and social channels. The top line synergies have come in, in the form of convergence and brand building and go-to-market, which is the recent launch of Oats products under Chudo branding and with single-serve kefir, or drinkable yogurt, being distributed through the PepsiCo system. All this is helping us to deliver strong revenue realization through selective pricing, portfolio management and strong, speedy innovation. We have very strong share positions across our strategic categories in Russia. Highlights include very favorable savory snack share, with 1.9 percentage point value share gains year-to-date, and strong CSD share, with 0.8 percentage point value share gains year-to-date. In short, we are pleased with our results in Europe overall, enabled by a well-architected geographic and product portfolio, with Russia and the balance of Eastern Europe well positioned to be a substantial growth engine, not only for -- in the European sector but for all of PepsiCo.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Zein, and that's a great report out on East Europe and Russia. Let me now turn to productivity. We're targeting more than $1 billion in productivity this year and $3 billion in total over the next 3 years, which includes the restructuring program we announced earlier this year and our other productivity initiatives that are incremental to our ongoing productivity agenda. Our productivity programs for 2012 are locked in, and we are very confident to deliver these targeted savings. We made substantial progress against our productivity plans in the first half of the year. The financial benefits of the restructuring accelerated in Q2 and will continue to benefit financial performance as we move through the second half of the year. In addition to the restructuring programs, we've also accelerated other productivity initiatives. We're driving hard against reducing the capital intensity of our business and improving working capital efficiency, and we are already seeing good results. Finally, we are doing a better job leveraging global capability and know-how. By sharing best practices and implementing best-in-class processes, we are improving operating performance. So we are encouraged by the pace and progress of our productivity plan. And finally, we are taking steps to drive higher returns on our invested capital and enhance cash return to shareholders. We have reduced our net capital spending year-to-date by $338 million and reduced our net CapEx as a percentage of sales over the last 4 quarters by more than 100 basis points. We are achieving this, both by driving higher utilization of our assets and by reducing the cost of replacement and growth capacity through value engineering and through enhanced global procurement management. And we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. In the first half, we returned $2.8 billion in cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and we expect to return more than $6 billion for the full year, an increase of approximately 12%. Our dividend increased again this June, making 2012 our 40th consecutive year of dividend per share increase. Based on yesterday's closing stock price, our current dividend represents a 3.1% annual dividend yield. To recap, we are focused on brand building, innovation, execution, productivity and cash return. We are making good progress. We expect momentum to continue to build as the year progresses, and we are confident in achieving our 2012 goals in these areas. Let me now turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: Thanks, Indra, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by reviewing the scorecard we introduced at our investor meeting in February. At that time, we shared that we'd review with you on a semiannual basis our performance in 8 key areas, and I'm pleased to share our initial results with you today and look forward to providing another update following Q4. Let me review the results briefly. We're focused on 4 key input metrics: brand strength, innovation, execution and cost and capital spending; and then 4 key output metrics: value share, EPS, net return on invested capital and operating cash flow. We're making good progress on each of these, and our results were right in line with where we expected to be at this point in the year. On brand strength, our objectives are to step up the level of investment in A&M and to improve the brand equity for our major brands in our key markets. At the end of Q2, our brand equity scores are stable or improving in 85% of our key brands in strategic markets with sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2, and we're on track to achieve our targeted A&M investment level of 5.7% of sales for the full year. On innovation, our goal is to increase the contribution of innovation to our overall net sales. Year-to-date, our innovation is currently at 7% of net revenue and is on track with where we want to be. And our expectation is for this number to trend up as we launch products currently in the pipeline. Turning to execution. As a proxy for overall execution, we're providing share of inventory on display and coincidence of PepsiCo snack and beverage purchases in the United States. Share of inventory on display increased in the second quarter for both snacks and carbonated soft drinks, and we continue to achieve above our fair share of co-purchases of salty snacks and CSDs, which improved from 2011 to 2012. From a market share perspective, we're gaining or holding LRB value share versus our primary competitor in a majority of our strategic markets. While our value share trends in savory are a bit more mixed, we've shown sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2, and we expect this to continue to improve. This is not an area where we expect to see results overnight because it's partly an outcome of our brand-building efforts, which are just beginning to gain traction. We stay -- we're staying focus on this and expect to continue to see sequential improvement. And we feel good about our performance against our financial metrics. Cost and CapEx performance are both positive, with CapEx trending at 4.4% of net revenue over the last 4 quarters, and we're projecting to meet our targeted operating cost reduction of 75 basis points of net revenue. And with respect to EPS, ROIC and operating cash flow, as Indra mentioned earlier, we're on track to deliver our EPS and cash flow targets for 2012, and our capital investment in 2012 is in line with our target to begin to see ROIC improvement of 50 basis points per year beginning in 2013. So overall, we're pleased with the progress we're making on our scorecard, and we'll provide another update on our Q4 call. I'll wrap up now with a quick discussion of the numbers in our outlook, and then we'll turn to Q&A. As Indra mentioned, the quarter came in, in line with what we expected. Organic net revenue increased 5% while our reported net revenue declined, reflecting the structural changes, including Mexico and China, which reduced the reported number by approximately 4 points and by negative currency translation, which was a 3-point drag on the reported net revenue. We realized 4 percentage points of effective net pricing with increases across each of our divisions. Core gross margins were down 64 basis points, driven by higher commodity costs in the quarter, which is a sequential improvement from the first quarter. And core division operating margins were down by 22 basis points with productivity and SG&A helping to offset a substantial portion of the commodity inflation. All-in, this resulted in a 1% decline in core division operating profit on a constant-currency basis and a 3% decline in core division operating profit on a U.S. dollar basis, reflecting a nearly 3-point drag from currency, in line with our expectations. Core corporate unallocated expenses increased in the quarter, reflecting higher pension-related costs. Net interest expense was $208 million in the quarter, an increase of approximately $30 million over Q2 of 2011, which is a function of both lower net interest income and higher average debt balances. And our core tax rate for the quarter was 27.8%, which is 180 basis points higher than the rate in Q2 of 2011, driven by country mix and the favorable resolution of some tax items in Q2 of last year. And finally, our fully diluted share count was down 1.5% in the quarter compared to the prior-year period, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program. So in total, below-the-line items, mainly pension-related expenses we record at the corporate level, interest and tax rate, offset somewhat by the benefit of the reduced share count, drove about 3 points of deleverage from our core constant currency division operating profit decline of 1% to our core constant currency EPS decline of 4%. Now turning to our outlook. We anticipate continued strong net effective pricing, which will contribute to net revenue growth but expect continued impact from negative currency translation and from the deconsolidation of revenue related to structural changes. We expect continued commodity cost pressures. Our current outlook on commodities is consistent with our previous outlook at about $1.5 billion for the full year. As Indra mentioned, we're on track to deliver productivity of more than $1 billion this year, which represents a substantial increase versus our historical productivity target. The incremental productivity is largely driven by the restructuring program we announced earlier this year. A majority of the restructuring actions have already taken place, and we expect the remainder will take place over the course of this year. So the productivity benefits should accelerate as we move through the year. We're investing more in A&M this year to support our brands, and we're making incremental marketplace investments in routes and racks. We expect A&M as a percent of sales to increase by approximately 50 basis points on a full year basis. We began to put more media in the market in the first half, but the increase in A&M expense as a percent of net revenue in the P&L will actually be more pronounced in the back half based on how the accounting curve of the expense works. In fact, we expect A&M as a percent of sales will increase by approximately 100 basis points year-on-year in the second half, so you should model this increase into your operating margin and operating profit growth assumptions with the impact heavier in Q3 than in Q4. Below the division operating profit line, we expect an increase in corporate unallocated expenses, reflecting higher pension cost related to the change in the discount rate and investments in productivity capability, with Q3 corporate unallocated expected to be a bit higher than what we saw in Q2 based on the timing of expenses. Full year net interest expense is expected to be higher, driven by higher debt balances and higher rates as we term out some of our debt during the year. And we expect our core tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year but with some level of variability between the quarters. Based on current ForEx market consensus, currency translation would have approximately 3 points unfavorable impact on our full year core EPS, with a Q3 impact on both net revenue and operating profit estimated at approximately 5 points. As you model out the second half, you should be mindful of 3 structural changes we've mentioned, where we will no longer record the revenue. First, we re-franchised our Mexican beverage business in early Q4 of 2011. We adjusted our ownership in our joint venture in Almarai, such that we are now in the minority. And finally, we entered our alliance with Tingyi, which closed on March 31. We estimate the impact of these changes will be an approximately 5-point drag on our reported net revenue in Q3 and approximately 3 points in Q4. The impact abates somewhat in Q4 as we lack the Mexico re-franchising that occurred in Q4 2011. From a cash flow standpoint, year-to-date reported cash generated by operating activities was $1.2 billion, which includes a $1 billion discretionary pension and retiree medical contribution we made in Q1. Reflecting our capital spending productivity initiatives, net CapEx is down $338 million year-to-date and down more than 100 basis points as a percentage of revenue on a rolling 4 quarters basis. In addition, our working capital also improved year-to-date with net working capital on receivables, inventory, prepaids and payables improving by more than $300 million year-on-year. Our management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, improved by $28 million to $1.4 billion year-to-date. We returned $2.8 billion to shareholders year-to-date through dividends of $1.6 billion and share repurchases of $1.2 billion. For the full year, we expect to generate more than $6 billion in management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, and return more than $6 billion in dividends and share repurchases, including our previously announced increase in our quarterly dividend that took effect with the June dividend payment. Finally, from an earnings perspective, consistent with our previous outlook, we expect our core constant currency EPS to decline 5% for the year. Now I realize that the first cap came in a bit ahead of the consensus estimate, but you should not flow that through to the bottom line as you model the full year. As I mentioned, A&M expense, based on how it was curved in last year and in this year, will result in a substantial reported increase in the back half. In addition, if we have upside in areas like commodities, our intention is to reinvest those in the business to support and accelerate our brand building, innovation and productivity initiatives. Net, the quarter came in as we expected. The pricing picture was positive, and our outlook for the year for earnings, cash flow and cash returns is exactly and completely consistent with what we previously shared with you. And now we'll open the lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You talked about the convenience store business doing better generally, which would imply, I guess, that the large format store business is probably struggling a little bit. So can you talk a little bit about some of the challenges there? Is it just fundamentally a consumer spending issue, or -- what color can you give us on the large format store business?
Indra K. Nooyi: John, I'm going to toss this over to Brian Cornell, and then maybe Al Carey. So Brian, do you want to take it from here?
Brian C. Cornell: Yes. And John, I think as you've seen, there has been considerable weakness in the core grocery channel, but that's being offset by growth in other channels: foodservice, C-store and, certainly, club. So as we look at our business, we're managing through those channel mixes and making sure we're making profitable investments to grow our business and sustain the volume in those channels.
Indra K. Nooyi: Al, did you want to add anything?
Albert P. Carey: I'll just add one thing. It was mentioned earlier that the discounting for holidays, that's a disproportionate amount of the business, and we need to spread the value throughout the month rather than just during those holiday peak periods. And I think we're doing some work on that right now that I have optimism for in the future.
Hugh F. Johnston: John, this is Hugh. The only thing I'd add to that is, one of the things that's important to us in large format is that we have consistency in our pricing across the channels, and that's been a real point of emphasis for us. So to the degree that, that has something of an impact on volumes, particularly in areas like bottled water where we're not electing to go chase that type of volume, we don't view that as detrimental to the performance of the business nor do we do it as value creating by chasing those things. So from our standpoint, we're trying to maintain consistent levels of pricing discipline across large format channels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping for more color on trends in the gas-convenience channel, post quarter end, over the last month or so here in the U.S. Have you seen any type of slowdown, or is the momentum continuing there? And what are your thoughts around the sustainability of some of the year-to-date strength, just given we saw weather boost first half results?
Brian C. Cornell: This is Brian Cornell. We're seeing very consistent performance trends in both the convenience and gas channels. Their traffic trends remain strong. They're seeing broad growth across regions, but very, very consistent traffic and revenue gains. So it's a channel that's performing very consistently across the country with strong traffic and revenue gain.
Indra K. Nooyi: And we have not seen a slowdown. Not seeing that at all.
Brian C. Cornell: We've not seen any signs of slowdown in the C&G channel.
Albert P. Carey: I'd add to that, and say that sometime ago, the convenience business was losing a fair amount of their volume for cigarettes, and they have done a pretty good job of offering food service that I think has picked up their business. So our trends are very solid in the convenience business.
Indra K. Nooyi: Go ahead, John.
John C. Compton: Dara, the other thing that the teams are doing is their more coordinated effort across Power of One snacks and beverages. And I think particularly in the convenience and gas channel, that's a benefit to PepsiCo.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, what is it? We have 11 of the 15 top-selling SKUs in C-stores?
John C. Compton: Yes, 11 of the 15 top-selling SKUs. And as Hugh and Indra both mentioned in their comments, I mean, we're far and away the largest contributor of growth to the C-store channel.
Albert P. Carey: Our Mountain Dew and Gatorade business is very strong in the small format.
Indra K. Nooyi: And I think we have innovation and good execution of the DSD system. We were able to drive growth in this channel. Traffic still seems to be okay, Dara.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Al, at the Deutsche Bank conference, you seemed to be more focused on using mix to drive CSD pricing longer term than we've heard from Pepsi in the past. So is that an increased area of focus, and can you discuss how much tangible incremental benefit we could expect from that focus over the next few years? And then also, you mentioned managing the highs and lows from a pricing standpoint in terms of everyday versus holiday pricing more over time and mentioned it again here today. It sounds great in theory, but it's often hard to execute day-to-day. So in your mind, is that also a significant opportunity or something which takes a long time to play out?
Albert P. Carey: Well, I think 2 areas that will help us improve in the future, and this is balancing out the value across the month in the large format. And we're working on that, but it's tricky. It'll take us a little bit of time to get there. And the second thing is to offer flexible package opportunities in that channel as well, which we're putting capacity and capability in our system right now, so that in 2013, you'll see us offer more flex packaging, different packages that will be variety packs and those kinds of things in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 questions related to the Europe and AMEA segments and profitability, specifically. First, in AMEA, just what effect did the implementation of the Tingyi relationship have on the profitability in the quarter? I guess what I'm trying to drive at is, was there a profit lift that we realized in the quarter because of the structural change? And then second, in Europe. Just in Russia -- the margin expansion there or the profit growth there, how much of that is a function of your pricing and maybe some improvement in the consumer, and how much of it is still structural benefits? So integration benefits from Wimm-Bill-Dann. And I'm just trying to understand how much more runway we have in terms of margin growth there.
Hugh F. Johnston: Bryan, it's Hugh. Regarding Tingyi, we haven't disclosed specifics on the bottom line on that. It sufficed to say, in the context of the overall AMEA business, that we clearly got a bit of a benefit but it was not, by any stretch of the imagination, the big driver. The big driver was the organic performance of the business. Russia.
Zein Abdalla: Bryan, on Russia, I'd say the performance is just very balanced across top line initiatives and management of the cost [indiscernible] to productivity initiatives. Clearly, as we put these businesses together, we have tremendous scale benefits as we drive supply chain consolidation, and that, obviously, is helping -- they're helping margin expansions. But equally, we're able to drive now a much more positive mix as we drive our brands into the convenience channel, and also, we build out innovation that is highly accretive, highly accretive to the margin mix. So it's a very good balance across both.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Has the nature of the competition in Russia changed at all? You've got so many more multinationals now operating in that market. Has that affected the competitive landscape at all?
Zein Abdalla: Clearly. I mean, Russia is an attractive market across all -- for all of the multinationals. But we enjoy considerable scale and considerable operating history in Russia. What it's allowed us to do is to build a talented management team and a capability across many years. So I mean, our sources of competitive advantage are both scale and the -- of the development of the capability of our business over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I know you maintained your guidance on COGS inflation and such. But I just want to ask, given the drought situation, if there's something we need to be thinking about -- perhaps about next year or maybe even perhaps from a supply chain standpoint, maybe there's not enough supply.
Hugh F. Johnston: Kaumil, this is Hugh. I'll handle that -- this one. From the perspective of 2012, because of the forward buying or the hedging program that we have in place, really, nothing to discuss in that regard. Obviously, and I talked about this in the past, we're out about 9 months. So we were also starting to buy into 2013, given that it's already -- it was already June before the drought situation really started to hit and before prices started to pop in the last couple of weeks. The thing I would tell you in that regard is while grains are certainly up, remember that there is no individual commodity that accounts for even 10% of PepsiCo's overall commodity buy. So grains are up. Aluminum's obviously moved in the other direction. Oil and all of the things that flow out of energy move in the other direction. So really nothing to report in terms of 2013 at this point, because we're not going to get into that until we get into pricing and get into more of the details of 2013. I do, though, just want to remind you that our basket of commodities is pretty broad. So I know corn's certainly been in the news, but we buy an awful lot of other commodities as well. And the commodities numbers are moving both up and down depending on the individual commodity.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then if I can -- if I can ask you, maybe this is a softer answer, is operationally, obviously, earnings were a little bit ahead of expectations. You'll be spending that back behind the business. Is that in incremental spend? Are you stepping up -- are you further stepping up how much you're going to be spending on marketing versus what your initial plan was, or is this part of the original plan?
Indra K. Nooyi: Go ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Right now, Kaumil, we're still basically saying we're going to spend 5.7%, which was the number that we originally put out for the year. But we'll obviously continue as the year evolves to look at opportunities. And as the overall margin mix of the business comes in to the degree that we do have upsides, we will look to invest it behind -- behind brand-building activities. So -- but no, the 5.7% is still the number that we're talking to right now. The one thing to keep in mind in that regard, though, is there is marketing that we spend in the A&M line, which shows up through SG&A. There's also marketing in joint ventures that gets reported just in the consolidated joint venture line. And then there is marketing that is -- it comes in the form of bottler support, but it's bottler support that is clearly A&M that occurs between gross and net revenue. Where we talked about 5.2% to 5.7%, we were talking specifically about the SG&A, and that's the number that we're still saying is going to be consistent. But to the degree that we choose to do some more marketing through bottlers, you could see some of those numbers change as well. We'll talk about that in Q4 as to where all of the numbers came out, but the one thing I want to emphasize is there's no change in the 5.7% number. That's the number that we are managing to, and that's the number we'll look to hit. And as the business presents more opportunities, we'll evaluate what types of brand-building investment opportunities are before us at that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to drill into Frito-Lay a little bit. So from a share perspective, I know you talked about, sequentially, maybe getting a little bit better, and it looks like the C-stores and non-measured channels are doing a little bit better. But just sort of taking a step back, if you can just tell us kind of what you're seeing from a competitive perspective and just what's holding back from Frito's -- from getting better more quickly? And then on the profit side in the quarter, I'm just wondering how much of the margin decline was commodities. They're still -- they're not being fully offset by pricing. And then how much of that was marketing spending step-up?
Indra K. Nooyi: Go ahead, Brian.
Brian C. Cornell: Yes. As Indra mentioned, we took a very disciplined approach to managing revenue and our channel mix during the quarter. We're really focused on investing in brand building, in innovation and continuing to deliver the productivity initiatives at Frito. I expect that's going to serve us well as we go into Q3 and Q4, and you're starting to see evidence of that in our P4 share result, particularly during the important 4th of July period where we grow -- we grew share at Frito. So I think we're well positioned right now to continue to see performance improvement in Q3 and Q4. We're going to continue to focus on being very disciplined in our revenue management and channel management mix and continue to invest in our brands and innovation to make sure that we can continue to deliver sustainable growth at Frito.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes. Judy, if you recall, I think it was at CAGNY when John Compton presented, he talked about the Frito-Lay business growing at the 2 ends, the value and the premium side, and we had a very, very, very strong position in the middle. The middle continues to grow. We were looking for the right model to compete against the value segment of the business and the premium segment. The premium segment, we started to compete with our growth ventures business, and that's doing very well. Again, also for small base. But it's doing well, and that growth will continue. Our challenge is to figure out the right model to play against the value players without impacting the middle, and we wanted to make sure we did it the right way and not take down the pricing level of the middle. And that's why when Brian talked about playing the channels and the portfolio very carefully, we want to make sure that we keep the pricing in place and don't take it down, because getting pricing back in the market is much harder than tweaking the product portfolio to go against specific consumer needs. So as the year goes on, you see improvement in Frito-Lay because we are fine-tuning the model and doing better as the quarters go on.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Hugh, when you put up the slide with the brand strength, the equity scorecard?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Basically, that 85% of your core brands are showing improvement, up from 81%. Can you give us a little bit more color just in terms of what brands you're actually seeing maybe a better improvement versus what are the 15% that's not showing improvement?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. I mean, to talk to the ones that are doing better, Lay's was notably strong in the quarter. We really saw terrific results on Lay's, and Gatorade, we also saw terrific results on. The Lemon-Lime, still a little bit more work to do.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's the brand equity scores or the share scores?
Hugh F. Johnston: Those are the equity scores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy with CLSA.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on Judy's question. If you could talk about brand Pepsi, which is the centerpiece of everything you're doing, just in terms of what we can look for, what you've seen so far. I know it's very, very early, but it's such a huge brand that -- within the total company. And I'd like to also understand what we can look for as progress measures in the Tingyi JV going forward now.
Indra K. Nooyi: Al, you want to talk about brand Pepsi?
Albert P. Carey: Yes. Brand Pepsi, the campaign began in about April, and it's very early to try to indicate whether or not we've seen a result. But the thing that I like to look at is our single-serve business, which will be a first indicator, and that's usually not impacted by these holiday discounting overlaps. So we see growth in brand Pepsi on single serve for the first time in a very long time, and our brand equity scores have improved for the second quarter. So some improvement. We have Pepsi Next in the marketplace that is delivering about what we expected, very happy with it. And in the just recent few weeks, we've just launched the -- a new TV campaign and also 2 new flavors of the product. So let's say, cautiously optimistic on that brand.
Indra K. Nooyi: And on China, Saad, you want to give some color on Tingyi?
Saad Abdul-Latif: Yes. Caroline, we really feel good about the progress of our transitioning our business in China to Tingyi. As you know, we've got the approval in the end of March, and we've spent the months of April and May and big part of June transitioning our business into our partner. We've moved upwards of 20 plants and about 20,000 employees into that. Now I think the transition is complete, that we're going to see sequential improvement into our volumes. And basically, there are 3 areas where we will see huge improvement as we go Q3, Q4 and for next year. One, a new area is white areas we will have accessible to us that we would not have before. Two, we will have production availability for water and other products, such as the Gatorade and that. And thirdly, we will benefit a huge deal from the distribution strength of Tingyi. So we really feel good about that alliance, and we're going to start bearing the fruit Q3 and going forward.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. Can I also just clarify? I think you said you did raise your efficiency target for the total company. Can you just remind us how much you've increased that now?
Hugh F. Johnston: This is Hugh. No -- I'm sorry, we didn't raise the efficiency target. So we said $1 billion -- $1 billion plus this year, $3 billion over 3 years. And that's exactly where we are. No change on that at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Schmitz with Deutsche Bank.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a long question. So I'm sort of confused on some of the numbers. So I think you said U.S. media spend was up 40%, and then you looked at sort of the year-over-year SG&A and that was down. And then I think you said 100 basis points increase in that ad ratio on the back half of the year, which sort of implies that there was sort of flat advertising ratio on the front half. And then let's kind of take it a step forward. I was looking at the Pepsi Americas Beverages margins and given that shift away from the center store and towards the C-stores, you would have thought you would've seen a little bigger uptick in the margin structure. Can you sort of square this for me? I know it's a long question.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Bill, why don't I take a shot at that, because that's a big causal chain you just laid out. The thing that -- first and foremost, the thing to keep in mind is, the way we talk about media is that's publicly reported media data. Okay? And that's based on the actual spending that's going into the marketplace. At the same time, when we talk about advertising and marketing expense, which is obviously inside of SG&A, that's curved over the volume curve during the course of the year. And you have to consider those numbers from 2 perspectives: number one, what's happening this year with the curve; and then number two, what's happened last year with the curve. And the way our spending -- or the way our curve worked last year was, you saw the A&M number fall off during the latter portion of the year. So we had, from an expense standpoint, more of the spending in the first half of the year, relatively speaking, compared to the 2012 timing of the spend. So it's almost impossible to connect the media number to the A&M expense in the P&L. I wouldn't spend a whole lot of time doing that. And what I wanted to do when I gave you the A&M expense timing comments was not so much to tie to the media spend, but rather to connect the fact that the year-over-year impact in H1 versus the year-over-year of impact in H2, it's much more substantial in H2. So hopefully, that kind of addresses your A&M question. Regarding the bottling or the beverage -- PAB business and the impact on margins, there's 2 things to keep in mind there that are also important to balance out. On the one hand, the convenience store business performance was strong. On the other hand, the inflation that we have inside of PepsiCo, particularly in beverages, is much more front loaded than it is back loaded. So those 2 are probably having something of an offsetting effect, and therefore, in the back half of the year, you should see the margin impacts start to improve really in the PAB business in the back half of the year, due to the commodities overlap timing muting, while we certainly expect the C-store business to continue to perform well.
William Schmitz - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, thanks. And then just to quickly follow up, did you see a benefit from the PET deflation? Because I think that's one of the few commodities you can't hedge out 9 months, and I think a lot of your competitors have talked about some relief there.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Bill, we actually can hedge out PET pretty well because of the nature of the relationships that our global procurement team has created. You're right in saying there's no market to do that. But through suppliers, we've been pretty successful in moving our PET buy further and further out over the last couple of years. So in terms of your question on any benefit, the answer is basically no. From our perspective, the commodities for this year have been largely hedged out for a couple of months now. So not a whole lot of change is going be coming in the balance of the year on that.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I want to follow up on a couple of things and ask a slightly different question. Just to follow up on Frito-Lay North America. In February, and I think since then, we've also heard you guys still expect flat volumes, flat margins. Now that's a little bit better than what we've seen in the first half of the year. It sounds like you're expecting an inflection as you go into the back half of the year for Frito to maintain that flat margin-flat volume expectation for the year. Is that the right way to interpret your comments today?
Indra K. Nooyi: Brian?
Brian C. Cornell: Ali, it would be. I think we expect to see improved performance in the third and fourth quarter. The benefits of our investments in brand, the continued focus on innovation and productivity should show improvements in our third and fourth quarter results.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, Ali, we started the year across all of PepsiCo saying, "Don't chase volume for the sake of volume, chase share in a very responsible way." So we've tried to balance volume, pricing, revenue and profit in a very, very balanced way through the first half of the year.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So still sticking to flat margins, flat volume for the year for Frito?
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then on PAB, the volumes, whether it be negative 1% or negative 1.4%, were I guess a little bit lower than I'm hearing some folks expected. Can you help us disaggregate that? I know you're going to do it in your Q, but disaggregate that between North America and the rest of PAB, Latin America. And then also between CSDs and fill, just to give us a sense of where the volumes were looking for each of those segments.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Ali, this is Hugh. From the standpoint of CSDs, again, we -- our focus was, first and foremost, on let's make sure that we get the right place -- pricing into the marketplace and let's make sure we maintain the consistent funding behind the brands and behind the innovation that we've launched this year. So as you know, because you've been around the consumer space for a while, when you're doing brand building and innovation types of build, it takes a bit longer for those things to get traction. But when they get traction, they are more advantaged than simply dropping price, and that's the strategy that we've chosen to follow. And frankly, the expectations that we had for the volumes in the business are basically right on where we would have expected them to come out, both from a volume perspective and from a market share perspective, in terms of the reported market share numbers that are out there. Regarding the other piece, the non-carbs in the overall volumes, I think the other factor that you have to consider is around this whole area of water and, in particular, case-packed water. We're in the business. We promoted sufficiently to stay in the business, but we're not interested in chasing case-packed water pricing down. We just don't think that's the right strategy for us. We do think it's an important part of the overall Aquafina business, but we do -- we promote it just enough to really maintain our relevance. On the other hand, the single-serve side of water is -- obviously, it's a great business. It's a profitable business. We like that business quite a bit, but we're not interested in chasing volume just by promoting case-packed water at the end of the quarter.
Indra K. Nooyi: Ali, the other thing, too, is we don't have as much of a tailwind on the distribution of energy drinks as anybody else might have. And second, our foodservice business is substantially different. As you know, our footprint is very different, and therefore, our foodservice volume uplift is overall lower than it might be for other people. So if you take into account these fundamental structural differences in our respective businesses, between us and competition, you'd see that we held value share, which is what we are focused on, in the measured channel business, and on foodservice, we gained share but from a very, very small base. And the energy drink is the big wildcard and something we distribute but we not -- we don't get as much tailwind as the market does.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So that makes sense from the spirit of the answer. But would you care to offer numbers on North America CSD volume growth, Latin America fill, especially. So if you broke that down, would you care to offer those? I think a lot of that will be in your Q, but I was trying to get a head start on that.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So basically, the way the numbers came in, North America volumes were down 2; North America volumes on CSDs were down 4; and non-carbs were up 1.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, cool. And then just the last thing, if you would indulge me. So I guess we do appreciate -- you've heard this from others as well. But we appreciate the change to how you're disclosing things like organic growth. And that -- for us, at least, that's been very helpful in understanding how you actually are operating. If we could push for another potential change or, at least, some clarity is -- within SG&A. So I think it might help answer some part of Bill's question a little while ago as well. So in your SG&A, obviously, you put your JVs. So there's a bunch of income with no revenue attached to it, whether it'd be Lipton or -- Tea, in your Starbucks or Muller or Almarai, I'm probably missing a few. So it's difficult for us, at least for me and maybe I'm just missing something, to figure out what your real SG&A productivity is or what your real level of improvement is at the overall company level, but also at the -- perhaps even more importantly, the operating segment level. So is there consideration to split that out as you go forward, given it's become a big chunk, number one? And number two is to the question part. Can you help us understand what were the actual operating leverage on SG&A if you excluded those JV incomes that you report through that line item?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Ali, this is Hugh. I hear your feedback on that one. And one of the things that we do every year is we both look at the disclosure to ensure that we're maintaining the right level of transparency without, obviously, giving away anything that would be competitively sensitive. Now SG&A would be less concerning in that regard, although I'm not crazy about the idea of breaking out JV profitability. I hear your feedback on that. We, at the same time, also look at other big multinationals, and we're trying to position ourselves where we're certainly at or better than most in terms of disclosure. But at a certain point, it also makes sense to limit the amount of disclosure based on, frankly, not giving away competitive information. So I appreciate the perspective. We're going to take a look at it again during the course of the fall as we think about 2013, and perhaps we can talk off-line a little bit more about some of the detailed thoughts that you have on that. It'd be helpful to get your point of view.
Indra K. Nooyi: But, Ali, I'll tell you one thing. When we look at productivity, we look at every item of the cost structure, including G&A: what's the corporate unallocated, what's the infrastructure running to the sectors and are we actually making that bucket more and more efficient over time? And so, from an internal management of the cost structure, believe me, we are maniacally focused on any sort of overhead structure to run this company. And based on all of our benchmarks, our core G&As around the company is among the lowest of any multinational company. So we feel good about the way we're managing G&A. So let me just close by saying Q2 marked good progress against a clear, focused game plan that's allowing us to compete effectively today while positioning us for sustainable, long-term growth and shareholder value creation. And you have my and our entire leadership team's commitment that we'll continue to act with great urgency to deliver against our 2012 targets and our strategic objectives. So let me close by thanking you all for joining us and for the confidence you place in us with your investment. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's PepsiCo Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh F. Johnston - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thanks, Jackie. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. Indra will lead off today's call with a review of our overall performance. Hugh will cover the financials and our balance of your outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2012 guidance based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC.  Unless otherwise indicated, all references to revenue, EPS growth and division and total operating profit are on a core basis. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentations tab. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results came in right in line with our expectations. The major economies we do business in, consumer behavior, the competitive landscape and commodities were all in line with our assumptions.  Our focus this quarter was, first and foremost, to make sure we got our pricing into the market, and we are pleased with the level of pricing we achieved across each of our businesses. In addition, it was important to gain traction on the brand building, innovation, execution and productivity initiatives we communicated to you at our Investor Meeting on February 9, and we made good progress on each of these, with momentum building as we enter the second quarter.  Before I discuss our progress on these initiatives though, let me quickly review the financial highlights for Q1. Our financial results were right in line with our expectations. Core EPS was $0.69. Net revenue grew 4% and was up 5% on a constant-currency basis and reflected strong price/mix across all of our businesses. Globally, price/mix was up 5.5%, and this pricing helped to offset the impact of about $300 million in commodity cost inflation.  We had revenue gains across each of our 4 business units on an organic basis. Global snacks revenue grew. Global beverage revenue grew. And in our nutrition portfolio, which is a subset of global snacks and global beverages, we saw a 10% revenue growth.  Emerging markets revenue growth was particularly strong, up 13% on a constant-currency basis, led by strong double-digit organic revenue growth of 21% in India, 13% in Brazil, 33% in Saudi Arabia and 26% in Egypt, just to name a few. And division operating profit declined 2%, again, in line with our expectations and a solid result, given the magnitude of the commodity cost inflation we absorbed in this quarter. Hugh will take you through the financials and outlook in a few minutes. But overall, our Q1 results are encouraging and indicated we're off to a good start and on track to deliver our full year financial targets.  So let me now turn to the progress we're making on our key initiatives for the year. We're focused on 5 big areas: brand building, innovation, execution, productivity and driving cash returns. So let me walk you through each.  On brand building, when we met with you on February 9, we said we would do 3 things. First, increase our investment in advertising and marketing from 5.2% to 5.7% of revenue this year, shift more of our spending from nonworking to working dollars and focus our A&M investments against our 12 global mega brands to drive greater scale and impact with our spending.  And I'm pleased to report that we made good progress on all of these initiatives. We significantly stepped up our media in key markets in Q1. For example, in the U.S. alone, our media spending was up 25%, and for the full year, we expect to achieve our targeted level of incremental investment. We're also being much more productive with our so-called nonworking dollars, which is an incremental source of funding for stepped-up media investment.  One of the major drivers of this productivity is the rationalization of our agency partner relationships. In North American beverages, for example, we've reduced the number of partners from roughly 150 in 2011 to about 50 today. And this rationalization is also driving better alignment in our brand messaging and marketing execution. As we execute our brand-building initiatives, our expectation is to see our brand equity scores strengthen over the course of the year, building off of a solid base. And this should begin to translate to incremental top line benefits later this year and into 2013. We'll share with you our brand equity scorecard results during the second quarter earnings call this year. Our second focus area is innovation, where our goal is to double the contribution of our new products to our total net revenue, and our Q1 result in this regard are encouraging. Our innovation is targeted on a specific channel, cohort and occasion opportunities with a particular focus on emphasizing our mega brands.  For example, Pepsi NEXT, which offers a great cola taste with 60% less sugar, is off to a good start, and initial feedback is that the brand is sourcing volume from other categories, consistent with our objective of bringing back lapsed cola users. And while it's very early, the results are ahead of our launch expectations, and we've already achieved nearly one value share point. Packaging innovation plays an important role in our innovation plans as well, and we've made good progress in this area. We're encouraged about the national launch of our differentiated 24-ounce can for regular and diet Dew, and this is showing positive customer and consumer responses in tests. We believe this product plays well to young males who are loyal Dew consumers.  Building off the success of the Brisk 1-liter package, we launched the Brisk iced tea gallon jug in 4 flavors in Q1 and the launch is off to a good start. In the first 12 weeks, Brisk jug achieved almost 2.5 points of volume share of ready-to-drink tea in grocery and drove total Brisk brand volume growth of 14% across all channels in the United States.  We're also accelerating our premium innovation to drive higher net price realization, and we're increasing focus on opportunities at the value end of the spectrum to capture incremental sales and keep value-oriented consumers engaged in our categories. For example, on the premium end, Quaker Medleys, offered in a convenient single-serve bowl, allows consumers to have a premium breakfast anywhere there's hot water or a microwave. It's made from a premium blend of hearty rolled oats and whole grains with tasty chunks of real fruits and nuts. Medleys targets busy adults who are seeking healthy choices that will set them up for a successful day.  The other example is Stacy's gingerbread and Stacy's cocoa, which deliver a differentiated snacking experience by providing seasonally relevant flavors to consumers. And Stacy's pita crisps will attract new consumers to the Stacy's franchise.  In the more value-oriented offerings, Lay's Stax delivers a great tasting stacked potato chip at value price points. Stax grew net revenue 13% in the quarter and gained 2 points of value share in the stacked potato chips category, and we expect to see continued momentum as we launch new Hispanic-inspired flavors in Q3. And we're launching Taqueros in the U.S., which is a value-oriented indulgent, thick and hearty potato chip that addresses the Hispanic meal occasions.  We're also accelerating our ability to lift and shift platforms and products around the globe. For example, we continue to leverage the success of our Do Us A Flavor campaign that originated in our Walkers business in the U.K. The program promotes consumer engagement by having consumers propose new flavors that are then voted online, with the winners being launched as new products. We've successfully expanded this concept to markets as varied as Holland, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.  And we continue to expand our Quaker business globally. For example, in Australia, we launched a range of new products including Hot Oats and healthy bars and cookies under the Quaker trademark. And in Russia, we're using our extensive oats expertise to provide healthier offerings by launching oats-based products under the locally relevant Wimm-Bill-Dann's Chudo trademark. Our Quaker efforts are delivering solid results overall with double-digit revenue growth in markets like the U.K. and China. And finally, we're leveraging our big brands into new product platforms, giving us access to incremental cohort and channel opportunities. For instance, with Doritos, we've launched Doritos JACKED, the ultimate extreme snack that recently debuted at the South by Southwest Festival. JACKED is everything consumers love about Doritos, only jacked up for a bigger experience. It's 40% larger in size and thickness and offered in Enchilada Supreme and Smoky Chipotle Barbecue flavors, and it's supported by absolutely great advertising.  Doritos Dinamitas offers consumers everything they love about Doritos rolled in a taquito-like shape with explosive flavor. And we built upon our beverage relationship with Taco Bell to jointly launch Doritos Locos Tacos. Doritos Locos Tacos was introduced nationally on March 8 with approximately $60 million in media support from Taco Bell. Over 60 million units have been sold to date, which is over 1.5 million tacos per day. Already, new line extensions are underway to build on the success of this partnership.  So on innovation, we had a good level of new product innovation that began to launch in Q1, and you should expect to see the pace of innovation accelerate as we move through the year with great new products across the full spectrum of our portfolio in both snacks and beverages globally. Now let me turn to execution. We're measuring and driving execution across every element of the value chain to increase efficiency, quality and service to best-in-class levels, and we're seeing good results across our functions and businesses. For example, our sales organization just gained Family Dollar as a new partner for our beverage business, opening up more than 7,000 new points of distribution for our products in North America. And the Papa John's conversion was one of our fastest ever with 3,000 outlets converted to PepsiCo products in 3 weeks. Overall, our sales organizations drove 6% growth in food service with gains of 4,500 new local food service accounts in Q1.  We're seeing strong execution in our DSD systems. For example, in our launch of Pepsi NEXT in the United States, we achieved over 90% ACV distribution in GDMx in 3 weeks, which is truly great execution. And our DSD system is driving terrific results in the C-store channel in North America. Our net revenue across snacks and beverages was up 8% in the Convenience channel in Q1, and we were the #1 contributor to the C-store channel's entire growth in the United States.  And the final example I'll point to on execution is on our integration of Wimm-Bill-Dann. We've achieved higher-than-planned synergies ahead of schedule, and virtually all Wimm-Bill-Dann functions have been fully integrated with our One Russia operating model within the first year of the acquisition. So that's on execution. Let me turn to productivity. As we shared with you in early February, we're targeting more than $1 billion in productivity this year and $3 billion in total over the next 3 years, which includes the restructuring program we announced early this year and other productivity initiatives. Our productivity programs of 2012 are locked in, and we are very confident in delivering the targeted savings. We've made substantial progress against our productivity plans in the first quarter. Because most of the restructuring actions began in mid-Q1, the financial benefits of the restructuring will accelerate in Q2 and as we move through the year. In addition to the restructuring program, we've also accelerated other productivity initiatives. We're driving hard against reducing the capital intensity of our business, and we are already seeing results in reduced capital spending. We're implementing programs like GES in Frito-Lay to improve the efficiency of our product distribution, and we're increasing automation in our plants to drive higher labor productivity.  Finally, we're doing a better job leveraging global capability and know-how. By sharing best practices and implementing best-in-class processes, we're improving the operating performance of each of our businesses. So we're encouraged by the pace and progress of our productivity plans. Then we're taking steps to drive higher returns on our invested capital and cash returns to shareholders. We reduced our net capital spending in Q1 by $122 million and reduced our net CapEx as a percentage of sales over the last 4 quarters by 80 basis points. We're achieving this both by driving higher utilization of our assets and by reducing the cost of replacement in growth capacity through value engineering and through enhanced global procurement management. And we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned almost $1 billion in cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and we expect to return more than $6 billion for the full year, an increase of approximately 12%. Our dividend will increase again this year with the June payment, making this our 40th consecutive year of dividend per share increases. To recap, we're focused on brand building, innovation, execution, productivity and cash returns. We've made good progress in Q1. We expect momentum to build as the year progresses, and we are confident in achieving our 2012 goals in these areas. Finally, let me comment on the alliance with Tingyi that we announced on March 31 after the end of our Q1. The PepsiCo-Tingyi beverage system will provide Chinese consumers with some of the country's most popular beverage products, including Pepsi, China's top-selling cola; Mirinda, China's top-selling flavored carbonated soft drink; Gatorade, one of China's top-selling sports drinks; China's top-selling tea and water brands sold under the Tingyi's Master Kong brand; and China's second-largest juice portfolio. Overall, this combination has created the #1 LRB manufacturing network in China by a wide margin and relative market volume share of 1.6x the next largest competitor's position.  In addition to creating this terrific combined brand portfolio, we also expect that this alliance will allow us to do the following: bring innovative new products to market faster; improve operating efficiency and reduce costs by combining local and global expertise in manufacturing and distribution; provide better service to PepsiCo's retail and food service customers in China through Tingyi's superior distribution expertise and network; support new opportunities to develop local economies in interior and western China; and significantly accelerate the national distribution of PepsiCo's brands in a capital-efficient way, using Tingyi's extensive manufacturing and distribution network.  We are absolutely delighted to have established this partnership with Tingyi. Both Tingyi and PepsiCo have a long history of successful partnerships with other companies, and we believe this alliance will significantly enhance our beverage business in China in the near term while maximizing our future potential in the second largest and one of the fastest-growing beverage markets in the world.  And our Q2 will be the transition quarter for our China beverage business, and we expect to see the benefits of this alliance accelerate in the second half. The integration is well underway and progressing very nicely, and we look forward to updating you in our progress with the China beverage business.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Hugh Johnston. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: Great. Thanks, Indra, and good morning, everyone. As Indra mentioned, the quarter came in, in line with what we expected. Reported net revenue was up 4%. Constant currency net revenue increased 5%. Net revenue included a 1 point FX drag and less than a point of M&A benefit, with the net revenue contribution from Wimm-Bill-Dann largely offset by the refranchising in Mexico where we no longer consolidate bottling revenue.  We realized 5.5 percentage points of effective net pricing with increases across each of our divisions. Core gross margins were down 218 basis points, driven by higher commodity costs in the quarter, and core division operating margins were down by 91 basis points, with productivity and SG&A helping to offset a substantial portion of the commodity inflation. All-in, this resulted in a 2% decline in core division operating profit and a 1% decline, excluding a 1-point drag from currency, in line with our expectations.  Core corporate unallocated expenses increased in the quarter. There is also a $12 million change in corporate unallocated expenses related to our mark-to-market of deferred compensation balances but this is offset by a credit of roughly the same amount in net interest expense related to our hedges on the deferred compensation balances. Net interest expense was $175 million in the quarter, an increase of $12 million over Q1 of 2011, which is a function of both higher average debt net -- net debt balances and slightly higher rates on our borrowings, offset somewhat by the deferred comp credit that I mentioned earlier. And our core tax rate for the quarter was 26.7%, which is 70 basis points higher than the rate of Q1 2011, driven by country mix and the favorable resolution of some tax items in Q1 of last year. So in total, below-the-line items, mainly corporate expenses, interest and tax rate, drove 5 points of deleverage from our core constant-currency division operating profit decline of 1% to our core constant-currency EPS decline of 6%.  Turning to our outlook. Consistent with the outlook we shared on February 9, we expect our core constant-currency EPS to decline roughly 5% for the year. We anticipate continued strong effective net pricing, which will contribute to net revenue growth but will likely negatively impact volumes.  We expect continued commodity cost pressures. Our estimate of approximately $1.5 billion of commodity inflation for the full year which is about a 7% increase year-on-year. We expect that the rate of inflation in Q1 will be the highest of the year, with the rate of inflation abating somewhat each quarter as we work our way through the year.  We anticipate productivity of more than $1 billion this year, which represents a substantial increase versus our historical productivity target. The incremental productivity is largely driven by the restructuring program that we announced on February 9. The majority of the restructuring actions took place in the first quarter, and we expect the remainder will take place over the course of this year, so the productivity benefits will accelerate as we move through the year. We're investing more in A&M this year to support our brands, and we're making incremental marketplace investments in routes and racks. We expect A&M as a percent of sales to increase by approximately 50 basis points on a full year basis. We began to put more media in the market in quarter 1 but the impact of the A&M expense in the P&L will be more pronounced in the back half, based on how the accounting curve of the expense works.  Below the division operating profit line, we expect an increase in corporate unallocated expenses, reflecting higher pension costs related to the change in the discount rate and investments in productivity capability. Net interest expense is expected to be higher, driven by higher net debt balances as -- and higher rates as we term out some of our debt. And we expect our core tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year but with some variability each quarter. Based on current ForEx market consensus, currency translation would have approximately 2 points unfavorable impact on our full year core EPS.  As you model out the year, you should be mindful of 3 structural changes in particular. First, we refranchised our Mexican beverage business early in Q4 of 2011. Second, we adjusted our ownership in our joint venture with Almarai, such that we are now in the minority. And third, we entered our alliance with Tingyi, which closed on March 31.  In each of these transactions, the accounting result is that we will no longer consolidate a substantial portion of the revenue. Including the impact of these transactions, we expect our core constant-currency net revenue growth to be in the low-single digits. Excluding the impact, we expect our core constant-currency net revenue growth to be mid-single digits, which is exactly what we communicated on February 9. As we report out the remaining quarters, we'll provide visibility into the impacts of these structural changes.  From a cash flow standpoint, reported cash used for operating activities was $690 million, which includes a $1 billion discretionary pension and retiree medical contribution. Net CapEx was down $122 million and down 80 basis points as a percentage of sales on a rolling 4 quarters basis. Management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, was $79 million, which is a slight increase versus Q1 of 2011.  We returned about $1 billion to shareholders in Q1 through dividends of $816 million and share repurchases of $142 million. For the full year, we expect to generate more than $6 billion in management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, and return more than $6 billion in dividends and share repurchases, including our previously announced increase in our quarterly dividend that will take effect with our June dividend payment. Net-net, the quarter came in pretty well exactly as we expected. The pricing picture was positive, and our outlook for the year for earnings, cash flow and cash returns is completely consistent with what we shared with you on February 9.  And now we'll open the line for your questions.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thanks, Hugh.
Jamie Caulfield: Jackie, we'll take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Bill Pecoriello with Consumer Edge Research.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: A question on Frito-Lay. One was the -- you talked a lot about the initiatives on the premium and value side. When do you expect to see that begin to impact the share trends? What do you estimate the volume and value share did in Q1? And then on the profit performance in the quarter at Frito, was that 2% profit growth also impacted by that New Year shift that you quantified on the volumes there?
Indra K. Nooyi: So, Bill, P3, P4, we're already beginning to see share start to come back. In fact, if you look at the IRI data that's coming out today, you're already beginning to see Frito share improve steadily. I think the most important thing, what we told all our businesses, focus on getting the pricing into the marketplace first, and then we can start slowly figuring out the revenue management to make sure there's a good balance. But we had to get the pricing in as early as possible, and Frito did exactly what's needed to get done to cover commodity cost inflation. And in terms of the impact on profitability, for sure, the 53rd week had an impact on volume, revenue and profitability.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Bill, I think what you can extrapolate from that is we said the volume impact was about 2 points. I think you would put the profit impact in a roughly similar place. So the 2 points they did would be closer to 4. And remember, this is the heaviest of the commodity impact for Frito-Lay in Q1. So as we get through the year, the commodity impact on Frito-Lay will be less impactful. So that's kind of tying back to where you would expect Frito-Lay to be roughly normally.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And then the improved share performance that you're seeing now, is that coming from the initiatives on the premium and value side, or is it on all the core innovation in the mainstream segment?
Indra K. Nooyi: I think it's coming from all 3, Bill.
Hugh F. Johnston: Bill, you're going to -- as Indra said, you're going to steadily see those things impact positively during the course of the year, both core as well as the new products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In looking at your commentary on the North American beverage industry, you talked about sort of maintaining share in LRBs, which, at least from a reported results standpoint, we're not seeing. So a couple of questions on that in terms of can you talk to us about what you're seeing that maybe not -- may not be showing up in the reported results? And then similar to what you talked about with the Frito piece, how should we judge your momentum in terms of market share as we go through the year?
Indra K. Nooyi: So, John, in Q1 x 53rd week, if you look at like-for-like Q1 in measured channels, GDMxC, which is really what we see from an IRI perspective, we gained 1/10 of value share. And we have to use measured data because that's an objective data set that we can measure ourselves by. Now when we talk about additional investment and changing the innovation model and really recommitting to this business in a different way, the results come steadily and over the year, as we talked to you early in February. What was very encouraging was in the first quarter, we began to see positive results. And if you look at the P4 IRI data, one more time in GDMxC we gained value share. So on North American beverages, we look at those numbers and we say it's making great progress. I think the other aspect of the share numbers that made us very encouraged about the progress on the business was the co-channel value share. And we've made tremendous progress in that whole co-channel business, which is really the best part of the whole beverage business, and we feel good about the progress we've made there and the successes we've had in the co-channel business. And Frito-Lay, ditto. Period 1, period 2, we put the pricing into place. Started end of last year, we put it into place. And today's IRI data, period 4 IRI data is beginning to show the positive momentum from all of our initiatives. So as Hugh mentioned in his opening comments and I did in my opening comments, as the year progresses, quarter-by-quarter, you'll start seeing the business strengthen. And we're really watching for the steady improvement in the business as the year goes on and make sure we do it the right way, not try to jerk the business around by pushing for volume in one quarter and trying to do something else in another quarter, but steadily build the brands, steadily build the business and focus on value share in the measured channels in North America because that's the only objective measure that exists.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I can ask a follow-up on the cold drink stuff. So we've seen strength from other manufacturers in convenience and gas, and a lot of it's been pricing driven. I guess -- so 2 follow-ups here. The first would be, can you talk about units versus pricing in convenience and gas? And then secondly, can you sort of try and give us an idea how much weather has been a positive impact versus gas prices being a negative impact? If you have some thoughts on that.
Indra K. Nooyi: I think that weather versus gas prices have netted out, John. I mean, the convenience channel has been pretty strong in the first quarter, and we are, Id say, cautiously optimistic on the outlook for the convenience channel. And in terms of units versus pricing, we don't have the numbers right now off the top of our head. But Jamie or somebody will make sure that we get back to all of you on this question.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. John, the thing I would say is that we're seeing both price and feeling good about volume as well. Obviously, in a world where everyone's trying to interpret what's going on with the economy generally, certainly, the convenience channel and the way it's held up well bodes well for both economic signals but also for our business. So we certainly feel good, both in terms of volume but we feel good competitively as well, as to what's going on in that channel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping to get your perspective on the pricing environment in the U.S. CSD category and your confidence that price increases will hold here as we head into the summer.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Dara, why don't I jump in on that one? What we've seen in the pricing environment is all of the players in the industry being very steady about pricing. Haven't seen a whole lot of discounting. Occasionally though, a skirmish will pop up in the drug channel or something like that. But the broad indications are that the pricing that we saw in Q1 continues to stick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on the Europe segment. And I was surprised by how weak the margins were in the first quarter and understand, I guess, there's some -- an accrual or a reversal on the trade receivables. But is there something else that's going -- that was specific to the first quarter that drove the profitability so low and the margins so low sequentially? And if you can talk a little bit about maybe the outlook there just in terms of the profitability in Europe.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So in terms of generally how Europe came in, Bryan, it was very much in line with our expectations and plans. There's a couple of factors to consider in that regard. Number one, the trade accrual fall out and fall in year-over-year. In the context of full year, it was relatively nominal. But in a 2-month quarter and in a business where the profitability is obviously quite low in the first quarter, I think it was $81 million in Europe for the quarter, it's -- it has market impacts relative to the impact on the year. Relative to margins, the other thing to consider is, in last year's numbers, we only had Wimm-Bill-Dann for 1 out of the 2 months. And we only owned 77% of the business for that one month, and Wimm-Bill-Dann, obviously, is a lower-margin business. So that certainly presented something of a drag for the quarter. But we obviously don't give guidance on a sector-level basis. But even in the environment that's as weak as it is in Europe, I think we've got to plan for it correctly, and it's certainly trending in line with our expectations.
Indra K. Nooyi: Bryan, the other thing I'd tell you is, even the team would tell you, that first quarter is a small quarter, as Hugh said, only 2 periods. But as we go into P3, P4, the business is looking good, and very much in line with what we expected. And the Russia business, in particular, looking very, very good. I mean, we did great on CSD share and the way we are re-architecting the juice business to be more disciplined about pricing, not chase volume at any cost and build the whole profitability of the business. The team is doing an absolutely superb job, and the Wimm-Bill-Dann dairy business is doing exceedingly well. So we're looking at the overall Europe business and feeling good about how our team is managing through what I would characterize as a mixed economic environment.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Indra, if I could just follow up. One of the things that we've heard through this earnings season has been -- maybe I don't know if improvement but at least at Eastern Europe and Russia especially, the consumer may be stabilizing and, in some pockets, maybe even a little bit better, just the macro environment not as depressed or at least not moving in the wrong direction. Can you comment on that at all? Is that -- have you seen any -- broadly any stabilization or any signs of improvement in that region of the world?
Indra K. Nooyi: No, I'd say that region of the world is looking good. And as we looked at upping our investment in Russia a year ago, the fundamentals of that region of the world are good because you've got huge oil reserves in Russia. You've got a well-managed economy on many economic fronts. And so we look at that part of the world and say the prospects for the whole Russia-CIS-East European cluster, if you want to think of that as one cluster, is very strong. And again, strong is a relative term but it is good. And so in this world today where you've got GDPs ranging from negative to sort of high-single digits, this Russia-East Europe cluster is looking like a solid 2% to 4% GDP growth. That's very good today, and we're feeling good.
Hugh F. Johnston: Bryan, one comment I'd add to Indra's comments as well. In Eastern Europe and Russia, we've probably got the broadest portfolio that we have anywhere in the company. And one of the benefits of that is when the economy is a little bit tougher, we have products that sell well. When the economy is going well, we have premium products that tend to sell well. So we certainly feel good about the way that we've positioned ourselves strategically in that area.
Indra K. Nooyi: And the Power of One helps us enormously there because we can flex the distribution systems. We can load up the trucks with products that cube out, weight out. I think the Russia-East Europe-CIS cluster is probably our best example of Power of One, and that's what's working so well right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you speak a little more specifically on how Mountain Dew and Pepsi did in the quarter? And I believe the 24-ounce launch is in progress. If you could maybe just talk about how we should think about that.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So Mountain Dew had a terrific quarter, I mean, feel great about where that brand is, and we obviously have -- had new products coming out against that. The 24-ounce can for regular and diet Dew is going along very, very well. It's -- it looks like a real premium innovation that's going to create incremental revenue and margin for us. The Pepsi business is going to steadily improve over the course of the year. A couple of things to consider in that regard: number one, the Pepsi Max business continues to chug along very well; number two, Pepsi NEXT, as Indra mentioned, has really exceeded our expectations coming out of the gate; number three, the media that we've significantly increased in the first quarter. If you watch much TV, I'm sure you've seen lots of Pepsi ads out there; and then number four, we've got lots of new marketing coming against Pepsi that we'll talk about a little bit later this year. So I think what you're going to see with Pepsi is just a steady progression and a steady improvement in that business during the course of this year. And as we exit into 2013, we expect to feel pretty good about it.
Indra K. Nooyi: Kaumil, the other thing is this is a business over the years that has been characterized by price discounting, dealing sort of back-and-forth, trading share at the margin. With all the commodity cost increases, it was critically important we put in place deliberate increases in pricing and manage this business very steadily and responsibly. And that's what we've been doing. So our goal is to look for steady share improvements through the year, so that we hold value share in LRB as the year ends, and to make sure that we don't do anything silly just to go after any sort of a value gain. So value share is really our focus.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. Maybe -- and thinking about NEXT, some innovations have a halo effect on the core, others are cannibalistic. Where would NEXT fall?
Indra K. Nooyi: Interestingly, NEXT is sourcing from outside the cola category. In fact, it's even sourcing from outside the CSD category, which means that lapsed cola users are coming back into the cola category. Now I want to make sure that you hear the appropriate caveat. It's too early to call this brand and say it's a gigantic success. But what's surprising to us is a few weeks after the launch, it's now almost one share point, which has not happened in a long time in any new product launch. So we are watching every metric very, very carefully. And every quarter, we'll update you on the progress of Pepsi NEXT. But it's really bringing back lapsed cola users, which is what's surprising.
Hugh F. Johnston: So not terribly cannibalistic.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes.
Hugh F. Johnston: Not much at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question is just in terms of bridging to the EBIT decline in the first quarter. I guess I'm just trying to better understand different components. You've got the commodity inflation. You've talked about the brand investment. But maybe if you can just give us a clarity on how much the brand investment step-up occurred in Q1, sort of the allocation by different segments as best as you can. And just give us clarity on sort of bridging to the EBIT decline and then how some of those components get phased out as we get into the back half of the year.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Judy. Actually, if you go to what we shared with you on a full year basis, it was actually pretty consistent, with 2 exceptions. The curbing of the A&M has less impact in Q1, which is what we had shared earlier, and that's purely due to the curbing. Were being very specific about saying we're going to increase by 50 basis points on A&M during the course of the full year, but we curbed that with volume and then you're dealing with the curb of the prior year. So that had a little bit less of an impact in the quarter. And then offsetting that, as we shared with you at Feb. 9, the commodities had a bigger impact in the quarter relative to the impact of the full year. Other than that, everything else was pretty consistent with what we shared with you in the -- back at the Feb. 9 meeting.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Hugh, the unallocated corporate expense though, just even including the pension step-up, just seems like you had a big step-up. So was there anything going on in that line item?
Hugh F. Johnston: No. I mean, nothing in particular. Corporate unallocated can be a little bit choppy, but there was nothing of note, and we indicated what we expect out of that for the year. So I wouldn't change how you're thinking about that for the year. There is no big news there.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Indra, just going back to Frito-Lay. And you talked about improving share performance in period 3, period 4, and you've talked about some innovation around the premium and the value segments. But maybe if you just sort of take a step back and look at Frito and maybe including Quaker sort of in the context of the broader macro snacks, and you're seeing growth in some of the adjacent categories like snack bars maybe exceeding salty snacks, and how are you thinking about positioning Frito and Quaker kind of to really better address the faster-growth adjacent categories? And are you thinking about perhaps focusing on stepping up innovation and spending around that arena?
Indra K. Nooyi: Judy, I mean, you captured in your recent note what we've been telling all of you for the last couple or 3 years, that the growth in all these categories is coming from Fun-for-You, Better-for-You and Good-for-You, and it's critically important PepsiCo places its bets in all 3. And let me tell you what our strategy has been, and let me refer back to what trends you're seeing in the marketplace. In the Fun-for-You category, there's still growth, especially in salty snacks, value growth. And what we have to make sure is increase the permissibility of our Fun-for-You products by reducing the salt levels, going to heart-healthy oils. That is our "health and wellness" push in the Fun-for-You category, and we've been doing that over the last few years. The second leg of the strategy is dialing up our baked snacks, whether it's Baked! Lay's, whether it's Quaker Lite snacks, which is a baked snack, making sure we dial that up. That's what we've been doing. And the third is really investing behind the Good-for-You snacks, because the growth rate of Good-for-You snacking and Good-for-You products across the world is about 2 or 3x that of Fun-for-You and Better-for-You. And in fact, our nutrition business in Q1 grew revenue 10%. So those categories are growing exceedingly rapidly. So what we're doing with Quaker -- I mean, as the quarter progressed, period 3, period 4, the Quaker trends are looking positive. But using the Quaker trademark, we're looking to launch more healthy snacks. But what we don't want to do is to launch much lower-margin commodity healthy snacks. We have to play in the value-added healthy snacking. And what we're looking for is new innovation to play in the value-added healthy snacking, a new twist on bars, new ways to marry dips with chips so that the dips are very healthy and can provide a great source of a mini meal. So that's really what we're working on. For example, our Sabra hummus dips are just flying off the shelf. That's an example of a healthy accompaniment to any snack that you want. Our Stacy's business is doing very, very well. So I think the name of the game for Frito-Lay is slowly and deliberately building the business rather than jerking the business around to gain short-term share. And I feel good. I mean, look at the IRI data for this period 4. You see very nice steady progress across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So a few things. One is, we asked you this back on February 9 at the strategy reset and again at CAGNY about Frito-Lay North America and the growth in margins and the growth in top line. And I just want to make sure we're -- you're still on the same page in terms of for this year -- despite what we've seen this quarter from margin and from a volume perspective, but for this year, you're going to be able to price away commodities. You're going to be able to hold or grow volumes and hold or grow margins. Is that still the expectation?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. I mean -- yes. So, Ali, what we're really focused on is ensuring that we are both getting the pricing through, and we will and certainly expect to hold or grow margins. The volume, obviously, in Q1 was down 2, but we also said that we saw a negative 2 impact from the 53rd week. As the innovation gets out the door, we certainly expect to see all of the metrics from Q1 improve.
Indra K. Nooyi: And to focus on value share.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, okay. So I think that's helpful because I think that's a yes. That's good that that's still consistent. Shifting gears a little bit, and this is more of a kind of philosophical question and maybe it's just me being confused again, but whenever we talk about shares on the beverage business, we're always refocused on LRBs versus just CSDs. You guys consistently talk about LRB shares. But doesn't that muddy the waters a little bit, and isn't that manifested in what we saw this quarter? I mean, you had pretty good non-carbs of plus 1, CSD is down 2, and in the end, you had a negative 1 in PAB. So how do you think about that balance internally? I know you're communicating it as an LRB and I understand why, but how do you think about that balance internally in funding the non-carbs piece versus the CSD piece? Because you have to be successful in CSDs, obviously.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So Ali, I guess a couple of things. One, we think about the LRB category because we know consumer behavior at the end of the day is such that people cut across LRBs. It's a repertoire category, and it's certainly been that way for a while. The one thing that we point to as something of an exception in that regard is energy, because it's such a unique category from so many dimensions. In terms of how we manage, do we have expectations for CSDs, as well as for individual non-carbs and Gatorade and Tropicana and SoBe Life Water and all those things? Yes, absolutely we do. Do we see ourselves in a position where we want to lose large amounts of value share in any of those categories? Certainly not. We would not want to see that. But we do have to also recognize and acknowledge the fact that it is a repertoire category. Certain of the subcategories have more tailwinds than others, and certain of them we have better brand positions, primarily in non-carbs. So we're going to look at our funding opportunities based on where we think the best value creation comes from, and that value creation includes a recognition of we need to manage value share effectively. But LRB, we do think is the right way to think about it because of the repertoire nature of consumer behavior.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, Ali, if I look at overall North American beverage volume, if you look at about the 20 billion 8-ounce cases that are sold, I've been tracking this industry for a long time, it used to be sort of 60-40 carbs, non-carbs, shifted to 50-50. It's now shifting the other way. And so consumer behavior is shifting, that's one. And second, the way we look at this business, we look at profit per case across each of our categories, and we make sure the combination of businesses drives the best profit per case result for us. And that's what we do in each region of the country by brand, and we do that over the year.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's helpful. But your portfolio is still very much skewed, certainly in North America, to carbonated. So you have to win. You have to be successful in CSDs to win in LRBs. And it's tough for me, I guess, to differentiate those 2 somewhat.
Hugh F. Johnston: Well, but I -- I think actually you just made your point and our point, which is, given CSDs are such a substantial portion of our portfolio, we've set out as an objective hold or grow value share. And we can't allow CSDs to do poorly if we intend to do that. So I agree with your point. It's an and game, not an or game. We have to be able to do both.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, Ali, key thing is look at CSDs as a whole. I mean, look at LRBs as a whole, look at CSDs as a whole, because what happens is we start with LRB then we quickly come down to CSD. Then we quickly come down to colas, then we come down to regular colas, then we start defining the market too narrowly. So clearly, we look at overall LRB. And you're right. To gain -- I mean, to hold value share in overall LRB, you've got to do well in CSD, but CSDs as a whole. We've got Mountain Dew, which is doing very, very well. Parts of the CSD portfolio doing well. The challenge is to play a deliberate profitable game in the whole CSD category, which is really what we're focused on.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. That helps a lot. And just one last one, to shift gears. If you can remind us a little bit more about where the productivity is coming from specifically. So how much is in North America DSD? How much is just broadly GES or overhead? Just  for you to help us bucket that overall productivity, that'd be helpful.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So in terms of -- we haven't really broken out the specifics of exactly where the $1 billion-plus money is going to come from. But certainly, you can expect more of it to come from the North American businesses and both the Frito business and the -- or the PAF North American businesses, as well as the PAB business in North America. And then probably the next biggest area where you'll see it come from is Europe. AMEA will probably be the smallest of the 4 for all of the reasons you might expect.
Indra K. Nooyi: Ali, you know what I feel good about? We've put in place a restructuring program. We put in place $1 billion productivity program. We announced it right after the February 9 meeting. Our teams did a terrific job making sure they delivered on the restructuring program. And they did it flawlessly, and they did it with great sensitivity. So I'm actually feeling good about how well this was done without disrupting the business.
Operator: For our final question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was hoping we could spend a minute or 2 -- a few minutes here talking about AMEA a little bit more. Because as you point out in the press release, and it's been evident for a while now, it's really been a standout region for you even in the more difficult recent years. Can you speak a little bit -- and markets are a factor here, right, just the dynamics there. But when you think about the strategy you've deployed in that market, can you speak a little bit to how relevant it is to your efforts to sharing best practices and other aspects of PepsiCo, and maybe use that as a platform for talking to this larger subject of learning from each other, so to speak, within the larger PepsiCo company?
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, Mark, great question. AMEA clearly is riding the wave of GDP growth, all of these economies east of the Middle East. I think what we shouldn't forget is our AMEA business has performed well in spite of all of the geopolitical issues they've had to handle, the natural disasters that happened in AMEA. So we have a resilient AMEA team and a good business in all of AMEA. So that's the good thing that I'll tell you about AMEA. Now let me talk about the business model in AMEA. I think you've got a mix of developed, developing and emerging markets in AMEA. It's a unique region, besides the regional and cultural diversity. You can argue that Japan, Australia fall in the developed market, Korea, all of those countries. Then you've got parts of the Middle East that are more developing markets. Then you've got China and India, which fall more in the emerging markets category. So for each of these clusters, what we have to do is sit down and think about what model can we take from the proven PepsiCo models adapted for the local countries, but then more importantly, how can we evolve local models, which play to the local cost structure, and then bring it back to the developed market. I'll give you an example. We opened a value innovation center in India a year ago, and what we told them was rather than take our western equipment and our western approaches and cost reduce them, start clean sheet of paper in India. Whether it's a cooler, a food service equipment, whatever it is, start clean sheet of paper and tailor that piece of equipment for the economics of the business in India, and then let's see how we can ruggedize it to bring it back to the west. It reduces the cost base significantly. The initial results from the value innovation center are very encouraging. And so I think piece by piece, we're looking at AMEA not just as a growth engine for the company for many years because the population of -- the percentage of young people in that part of the world is very, very high. So we have years of growth there. But we're now looking at it as an innovation source so that we can do reverse innovation, bring products and ideas from there at a very different set of economics back to the developed world for the value consumer or for whoever else. So it's a great learning lab and a growth source.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And that's helpful. And in terms of -- so there's an opportunity there, and then of course, unlocking is another exercise. In terms of your ability to unlock that in whatever market might be appropriate or whatever sector might be appropriate, whether it's in North America beverage or Latin America snack, in terms of unlocking, having that organizational capabilities, where are you, in your opinion, in that exercise?
Indra K. Nooyi: We're making progress. It's a big market. It's growing, changing. So the journey is never going to end there. I think the strength of PepsiCo is the Power of One. Because with snacks and beverages and the fact that we have a diversified portfolio, we're able to attract very good talent to our businesses in AMEA, and then we're able to give them extremely wide range of experiences, move them from beverages to snacks and back and forth. And people love coming to work for PepsiCo. I'll be honest with you. Even people who get recruited out of PepsiCo, within 60 days or 6 months are always calling saying, "Can I come back?" That's the strength of the company. So I think our teams there are all local, Mark. I'd say almost no expats. Everybody there is local. And so we have the benefit of local knowledge, and we have the benefit of getting those people to come to the developed market and transfer some of the knowledge back to us. So I think AMEA is going to be a growth engine for many, many, many years. And our models are going to evolve. Our partnerships are going to evolve in AMEA. But we're going to have to play the game for each of those local markets, not export our model there.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And finally on -- that's helpful. And finally, on China. You just called out the 500 ml and also, of course, the Tingyi transaction closed, so -- or I guess at the -- shortly after the end of the quarter. But what -- to what extent was Tingyi a factor? And what did the -- what was the beverage performance there in the quarter, and what's going on in that market?
Indra K. Nooyi: The first quarter in AMEA, the China volume was impacted because of the 600 ml to 500 ml trade down. So unit growth was robust, but volume growth was impacted. x China, volumes in AMEA grew spectacularly in double digit. So we had a very good quarter in AMEA. I think the real benefits of Tingyi you'll start seeing in Q3 because Q2's a transition year -- transition quarter, and we want to make sure the business transitions the right way. We build all the disciplines and really work with our partners in Tingyi to make sure this is a excellent transition to them. They're a great company incidentally. But starting Q3, I think you'll start seeing tremendous ramp-up in performance. So we look at the prospects of this business. We look at the relative market share that the system is going to have in China, which is going to be the second-largest LRB market in the world, and we're feeling good at this point.  So in closing, Q1 marked good progress against a clear focused game plan that allowed us to compete effectively today, and it also positions well for sustainable long-term growth and value creation. You have my and our entire leadership's commitment that we'll continue to act with great urgency to deliver against our 2012 targets and our strategic objectives.  So let me close by saying thank you to all for joining us and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a great rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes PepsiCo's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hugh F. Johnston - Chief Financial Officer Albert P. Carey - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Beverages Saad Abdul-Latif - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East & Africa John C. Compton - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Foods & Global Snacks Group and Member of Liquid Refreshment Beverage Oversight Council Zein Abdalla - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Europe
Analysts: Unknown Analyst Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, PepsiCo, Jamie Caulfield.
Jamie Caulfield: Good morning, and thank you for attending PepsiCo's Investor Meeting. Presenting today will be Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. Following the presentation, Indra and Hugh will be joined for Q&A by John Compton, CEO PepsiCo Americas Foods and Global Snacks Group; Al Carey, CEO PepsiCo Americas Beverages; Zein Abdalla, CEO of PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif, CEO PepsiCo Asia and Middle East, Africa.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This presentation includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2012 guidance and our long-term growth targets based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made during the meeting should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. And unless otherwise indicated, all references to revenue, EPS growth, ROIC and division and total operating profit, growth are on a core constant-currency basis.  Finally, defined disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentation tab. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us in person here today. My goal is to cover 5 topics this morning. I'm going to very briefly cover 2011 results and take a little journey back over the last 5 years and tell you what we've accomplished. And then we'll give you an overview of PepsiCo and outline our strategic priorities very briefly. We're then going to spend quite a lot of time reviewing the results for comprehensive review of our businesses that we recently completed. Then we'll provide you our financial outlook for 2012 and beyond, and then introduce to you a scorecard, which we will use to measure our progress.  So with that, let me start with our 2011 performance. We issued our 2011 results this morning, and I'm not going to spend too much time going into details except to tell you that 2011 on balance was a good year. Snacks volume grew about 8%. Beverages volume grew about 5%. Net revenue was up 14%, and both core division operating profit and core EPS grew 7%.  We had broad-based gains in snack and beverage volume and net revenue. And we were able to achieve net price realization that partially offset the extraordinary commodity inflation we faced. More importantly, in 2011, we made disciplined investments in the business to generate long-term growth. We drove productivity through cost management. And more importantly, we were able to offset the impact in some of our markets, our skittish economy, natural disasters and political unrest with gains from some selective disposals of noncore businesses.  And of course, we benefited from the acquisition of Wimm-Bill-Dann, which is a critical addition to our Russia business that further strengthened our already strong position in this key developing market. Importantly, we also continue to generate strong cash flow. Management operating cash flow exceeded $6 billion. And as a result, we were able to return $5.6 billion in cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. So that's 2011. For 2011 really caps a 5-year performance that delivered core net revenue compounded growth rate of 13%, core operating profit growth of 9% and core EPS growth of 8%. This performance also drove terrific cash returns. Dividends per share grew at 12% annually. And our cash return to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases totaled $30 billion over the past 5 years.  This is the financial scorecard. What's not evident from the 5-year financial performance is the incredible transformation that took place in PepsiCo during the same time. When I came into the CEO job in late 2006, I realized that PepsiCo had to make some bold transformative moves to remain successful well into the future. Because most the tailwinds of the first part of the decade were not going to be around in the second half, and in fact some of them became headwinds in the second half of the decade, so we got to work.  Starting in 2007, we began to scale up our emerging and developing market business. In fact, our emerging and developing markets revenues went from $8 billion in 2006 to $22 billion in 2011, with the mix increasing from 22% of revenues to 34% of the revenues over that same time frame.  Over that period, we also addressed a number of business issues that faced us. First, we had to reconfigure our North American bottling operation in order to address the serious structural issues of not having an integrated bottling operation in this increasingly diversifying but slow growth liquid refreshment beverage market. We had to restate the Gatorade brand and return it to growth, following significant volume declines in 2007 to 2009. Then we had to restructure and refranchise our Mexican beverage operation to create a single entity with capable partners so that we can restore that business to growth.  And then to kickstart the China business to a level -- beverage business to a level that was higher than the past, we refranchised our business to Tingyi, which is now in the midst of government approval. And with this partnership, I think we really take our whole China beverage growth to a whole new level. I think all of this creates tremendous vehicles for sustainable profit growth across many of our markets. But beyond that, we also increased our investment in R&D by 50%, boosting our core capabilities and making substantial talent additions and partnership investments in areas such as advanced retail technology; packaging, where we came out with the first 100% plants derived bottle; and equipment innovation, where we're going to be alpha testing a very exciting food service beverage dispenser in 2012. In 2007 to '11 period, we also significantly expanded the health and wellness offerings of our portfolio. And I know some of you have expressed some concern, whether the pendulum swung too far in the direction and whether we took our eye off the core offerings. What I'd like to tell you is that, the direct answer is this is an and game not an or game. We have to focus on both growing the core, which is the Fun-for-You products and the Better-for-you products and step up our investment in Good-for-You products. And I assure you that, that's what we've done and we'll continue doing. So let me provide some context on what we've done in the whole health and wellness space. First, we increased the permissibility of our core salty-snack and beverage products by reducing sodium, frying them in heart-healthy oils, using natural ingredients and reducing sugar and reducing calories. The second thing we did was dialing up the sales of our baked products and snacks and 0-calorie beverages, which is really capitalizing on a sustainable consumer trend. And the third thing we did was focus significant attention resources on our Good-for-You businesses to make sure that we're fully capitalizing on their global growth potential. In North America, for example, we've been very successful in restoring momentum to Gatorade. We've made good progress with Tropicana. And the next one we have to address is Quaker Oats, especially North America. Internationally, we've had strong double-digit growth over the past 5 years for both Tropicana and Quaker, and we've expanded this well through juice and dairy acquisitions.  Importantly, we've targeted resources working on nutrition platforms globally, the benefits of which we will start seeing over the next few years. As a result of these efforts, we've enhanced our core offerings and our Good-for-You portfolio. And the Good-for-You part has now increased its share in our portfolio from 17% to 20% of our revenue over the past 5 years. So that's our narrative on our product shift. But the other thing we did over the last 5 years was continue our investment in SAP. And we did that without taking any chance to the P&L. We just kept investing because we believe that we had to really fix the technology base of the company, so that we can have more opportunities for productivity improvement.  And beyond financial investments, we made a major commitment to start shifting the culture of the company. The first thing we did was put in place an organization structure that leverages the scale of PepsiCo in a much more substantial way. And I believe the change was absolutely necessary. Because with this shift, we've gone from decentralized silos, decentralized regional silos, to what I would call now as much more of a connected autonomy structure.  And if you look at the chart, the primacy of the P&L still stays with the regions, the geographies. And that's the fundamental principle of PepsiCo. But weve begun to connect important elements of the enterprise to much more effectively leveraged ideas, capabilities and scale across the globe. But this organization shift was just one piece of the culture change. We began to address other aspects of our culture we just absolutely had to change. We're evolving from being developed market dominant to having a truly global mindset in the company. We're also moving from a trade spending push model of selling to a more balanced push/pull model of both marketing and selling.  The other change is that emerging markets in the first part of the decade used to largely be a pay-as-you-go approach. But it doesn't work for emerging and developing markets, which take a lot of time to build. So over the past 5 years, we made deliberate choices to step up our investments in key emerging markets because, I think, it's absolutely necessary to fully capitalize on the growth opportunities and keep PepsiCo growing well into the future.  And lastly, over the last 5 years, we started to change our talent development process from a traditional model, which has been very effective for us, to a more strategic approach to build, buy and bond talent to the company. We have tremendous talent within PepsiCo, and we're absolutely committed to developing the talent. But it's also important to note, that as we implement some of the changes in the company into our portfolio, we need experienced people with different skills to help us navigate through this new volatile environment so that we can remain a growth company.  And I want to mention to you that the portfolio changes, the transformation, the culture changes, all of these changes were affected in a difficult macro environment. So on balance, I believe we've done many of the right things over the past 5 years to improve the business and position for sustained growth and attractive financial results for years to come.  Now let me be clear on one thing. I'm not suggesting we executed everything perfectly over the last 5 years. Could we have done something differently or better? Sure. So we've gone back and looked at every one of our decisions and said, what could we have done differently?  Let me give you some of these things that I think we could have done differently. First, I think we could have used the synergies from the bottling acquisition to invest more in growing the top line rather than committing to flow it through to the bottom line. Second, I wish we had stepped up our overall brand support, especially in North American beverages earlier. Third, had we anticipated the commodity volatility that we saw in 2010, 2011 and going into 2012, we could have gone after productivity much more aggressively sooner to help cushion some of those commodity cost increases.  I also think some of the people moves that I made perhaps could have been made a bit earlier so that we could have gotten on with this program faster. And lastly, I think we could have done a better job establishing performance expectations with you, our investors, at a level that we could absolutely deliver on. And I think some of these topics, addressed earlier or more effectively, would have resulted in even better operating performance. And as a result, better stock price performance, an area that I know has been frustrating for many of you in this room in this morning.  And to be honest, the reason I didn't take some of these resets earlier is because a CEO gets a chance to make a reset once every 10 years. And you only make a major reset when you have a clean line of sight to bounce back. And I didn't feel I had that clean line of sight the last 5 years. We have it now, and that's why we're doing it today. And that's why, today, as you see in the press release, we are taking clear actions right now to step up brand investment, increase productivity, reduce capital spending and improve shareholder returns.  So as we pause to look at PepsiCo today, I think we are extremely well positioned. We generate $66 billion in annual revenue. We're the second largest food and beverage business globally. We have operating margins of 16%. We have net ROIC of 17%, and we have return on equity of 31%. Our mission for the company is clear and focused. We want to captivate consumers with the world's most loved and best-tasting convenient foods and beverages. And we feel confident in our ability to deliver on this mission, based on the significant structure and capability advantages that we possess as a company.  We compete in categories with attractive growth, margins and returns, whether it's snacks, beverages or the nutritional category, because all of these categories have global growth of 5% or more. Our core businesses of convenient foods and beverages are highly complementary. They share not only common consumers and customers, but they also share resources and capabilities like agro sourcing, R&D capabilities, packaging, flavoring, go-to-market systems, finance, HR talent and all the G&A functions.  And I think our businesses will continue to benefit from global mega trends like on-the-go lifestyle, a rapidly growing middle class in emerging and developing markets and consumer seeking a repertoire of products that spans Fun-for-You to Good-for-You. We have a very broad and powerful brand portfolio that connects with consumers, including 22 iconic billion-dollar brands, a number that's doubled in the past 11 years. And these brands span everything from Fun-for-You to Good-for-You, and all of our brands are typically #1 or #2 in their respective categories.  I don't know if you know this little factoid, but Lay's is the #1 global food brand. Lay's is the #1 global food brand. And Pepsi, as you well know, is the #2 global beverage brand. We also have a truly global footprint with trends in more than 150 countries. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a $22 billion emerging market business. And we have tremendous go-to-market reach, which is largely enabled by our DSD systems, which have been developed over many, many decades. And they're all tailored to suit local market dynamics, so that we can efficiently and effectively reach millions of points of sale everyday and billions of end consumers.  And we leverage all of these strengths to deliver against our 5 strategic priorities, which we've been focused on for the past several years. To build and extend macrosnacks globally. As most of you know, we have a 10x relative market share in salty snacks globally and we are growing the core or extending towards adjacencies. We just keep growing this macrosnack business.  Secondly, we are the #2 player in beverages globally. And our goal is to sustainably and profitably grow this beverage business worldwide. Third, we have 3 of the top brands in health and wellness. And we're going to leverage these brands in the health and wellness category momentum to grow this Nutrition business. The fourth strategic priority is to leverage the coincidence of consumption between snacks and beverages and capitalize on this cross category presence to grow our scale in individual countries. And lastly, we will manage the financial results and position of this company in a prudent and responsible way. These strategic priorities have not changed over the several years, and we will remain focused on them going forward. Taken together, we believe our mission, the strength of our portfolio and strategic priorities will enable us to generate top-tier financial results for our investors over the long term. Revenue growth in the mid-single digits. We expect balanced growth between Fun-for-You, Better-for-You, Good-for-You. And this growth will be predominantly organic. And we expect to continue to benefit from an increasing emerging and developing market presence. And this portfolio translates to high-single digit earnings per share growth, with increasing margins and return on capital and leads to free cash flow growing in line with net income. Which in turn, enables strong cash returns to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases.  So the key question that U.S. investors have asked us is, can this portfolio generate these kinds of returns on an ongoing basis? And that's what prompted us to undertake a comprehensive review of our business. We looked at every aspect of our portfolio and operating practices. And what I'd like to do is to share with you the scope, findings and the go-forward actions, now that the review is complete. So the first area we examined was our portfolio. We began with a question that's been speculated upon a lot in the recent months. Should PepsiCo split its snack and beverage businesses? And the overriding finding from our portfolio analysis is that PepsiCo's value is maximized as one company. Because the current structure, there's 3 things.  First, it provides compelling cross leverage across the value chain from an R&D, procurement, consumer insight, sales, merchandising, back-office functions. It provides compelling scale and cost leverage.   Second, it enables us to accelerate in-market growth. Because in market, we benefit from the coincidence of snack and beverage consumption occasions. We benefit from the commonality of consumer and the opportunity to cross-merchandise and promote our products. But in emerging markets, in particular, our Snacks business benefits massively from the scale of our Beverage business, which can be scaled up very quickly. And without the presence of our Beverage businesses, our ability to establish and grow Snacks businesses in emerging markets would be significantly reduced. It will take much more time and require a significant amount more of investment. That's the second reason.  The third reason is that, our operation as one company, enables us to share capabilities across geographies and sectors and allows us to attract better talent. This is important everywhere in the world, but particularly in emerging and developing markets where the combined scale of our 2 businesses helps us be the preferred company to work for.  I can tell you that in emerging markets, and I travel there all the time, Pepsi is such an iconic brand that young people want to come to work for Pepsi. You bring them into Pepsi and a little while later, you put them into Lay's and Coqueiro and those products. So that's the virtuous circle how it works.  We estimate that simply on the cost side of the equation, the benefits of having an integrated company are somewhere between $800 million to $1 billion, primarily related to in-country G&A, procurement, share distribution and infrastructure, corporate G&A and financing costs. And this does not take into account the profitability associated with top line synergies. And it does not factor in the massive disruption that would surely occur if we try to separate these 2 businesses.  So net-net, based on this exhaustive analysis we undertook as a management team with external advisors, with the involvement of our Board of Directors, we are absolutely convinced that PepsiCo's value is maximized as one company. Well, we didn't stop there. We expanded our portfolio review to dig deeper into our portfolio of countries and businesses. And we asked ourselves the question, what is the performance trajectory of the individual businesses in countries and how can we sustain or improve well-performing businesses? And what can we do to fix the few underperforming business we have? And we looked at what additional options exist to strengthen the portfolio and the optimal portfolio configuration to maximize shareholder value. And to answer all of these questions, we mapped our businesses across 2 dimensions: margin and growth performance. With performance relative to each businesses respective market and whether the business was related to our mission. And what we found is that, for the most part, our businesses are highly related to our mission and are generally performing well. So this chart shows how our division operating profit falls across these dimensions.  75% of our profit comes from businesses highly related to our mission, and performing very well. Noncore businesses comprise a relatively small percentage of the overall portfolio, about 5%. And these are well-performing businesses. The gray box down there represents less than 1% of our profit. And we have largely addressed these opportunities, and I'll tell you what they are. And that leaves 20% that are related to the mission, but with some opportunity to improve their growth and/or margins.  And we are absolutely clear on what needs to be done in each of these quadrants. High-performing rate of business will be sustained, invested in and supported. Higher performing but unrelated business will be managed judiciously and they'll be divested, only if it makes financial sense. Because most of them contribute positively to our returns and cash flow. Lower-performing unrelated businesses should be divested, and will be divested. And low-performing related businesses will be operationally improved to drive better growth and return with clear timetables for improvement. And if the underperformance cannot be addressed operationally, then we will seek structural solutions to improve return or reduce our exposure. And this quadrant is clearly a major area of focus for us.  So let me give you examples of how our businesses mapped across these quadrants. Clearly, on the upper left, you see Frito-Lay North America, our Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade businesses, many of our international beverage and snack businesses. On the upper right, you'll find some of our central store food businesses, which are pretty small compared to the size of our portfolio. And while they don't really relate to our Convenience mandate, they are prolific cash generators with very high returns, and will be dilutive to our returns and earnings under any divestiture scenario that we want.  In our lower right box, there are a couple of very small businesses, Kretschmer Wheat Germ, Coqueiro, our fish business in Brazil, and they've all been divested now. Finally, in the lower left, we find a couple of our emerging market beverage businesses, our North American DSD Beverage business and some emerging markets snacks businesses. And we're making great progress in addressing each of these businesses.  One of the businesses that was in this box was Mexico beverages. By refranchising it and creating a very strong entity with 2 highly capable beverage partners, I believe we've addressed the Mexico beverage underperformance issue. In China, the growth of the market is explosive. Our growth was explosive, but we needed a partner to really kickstart this growth.  We now have a transaction with Tingyi pending. Tingyi will be our franchisee, it's pending regulatory approval, and will create an anchor bottle in China that will really help PepsiCo take its Beverage business to a whole new level. We have a few snack businesses in emerging markets, where I believe the natural growth of these businesses will improve the results and the operating margins of those businesses. That leaves the North American DSD business, DSD Beverage business, which accounts for a lion's share of the profits in this quadrant.  So I want to set the context for North American DSD beverages. It's a large highly profitable category, North American beverages. It's important to retailers because of its ability to generate shopper traffic, and because it's profitable and an excellent cash-generator even to retailers. As PepsiCo, we have a very good competitive position with the #1 share of the liquid refreshment beverage category in retail. And most importantly, we own 3 of the top 5 LRB trademarks with Pepsi, Mountain Dew and Gatorade. And with Mountain Dew, we have the fastest growing major CSD trademark in the industry.  However, there are some issues. Category growth has been challenging. The marketplace is intensely competitive. Commodity inflation and volatility have made this market that much more difficult. And let's not forget, we do face a competitor who's emerged from a major reset that they undertook between 2004 and 2008. And I will tell you, between 2007 and 2010, we did lose some market share. Recently, our share trends have begun to improve, but we are not happy with the pace of improvement and recognized the need to accelerate progress. One of the reasons we brought the bottlers back is because we wanted to address the share issue in this business.  So against this backdrop, we are totally committed to actions to improve both the growth and returns of our North American Beverage business. So what are we going to do? We are going to significantly step up our A&M support to reengage consumers with our terrific brand, focusing on our most important brands to drive the maximum impact from our investment. And you know what's interesting? Over the last 5 years, North American A&M did not decline, but the spending was supporting too many brands and was spread across too many agencies. We allowed nonworking A&M to squeeze out working A&M. So we went to work and we cleaned house. We've reduced agency relationships in North American beverage from 150 to about 50. So it's not just a step up in A&M. The impact of shifting nonworking A&M to A&M will be significant and this whole A&M spending will be amplified.  We're also accelerating our innovation across product and package with a very special focus on revenue management. For example, Pepsi NEXT is a great example of leading the market in product innovation. And thanks to the investments we made in long-term sweetener technology. We are launching a product that delivers the great taste of Pepsi with 60% less sugar. We're also going to step up our package innovation. And great examples that will drive our revenue management agenda are the 24-ounce Dew can, which will drive further growth of this $1 billion brand into new location. And the Starbucks Refreshers launch in the 12-ounce slim can. Grab a can of that Mountain Dew as you leave and the Refreshers are out there in the lobby.  We're also going to capitalize on the food service opportunity, especially local and regional food service. As many of you know, this was an area where we had a structural disadvantage, relative to our largest competitor, prior to our acquisition of the bottlers. We've made the appropriate changes, and we're making good progress in food service.  We're also dialing up our excellence in execution by shifting distribution systems that will improve performance. A good example of that was moving Gatorade to DSD in small format. But we're not stopping there. We're looking for other opportunities to leverage the right distribution system for the right product. We're also going to use our snack business to drive greater frequency of coincidence of consumption. And linked to our overall productivity efforts, we are stepping up productivity to improve margins and create additional funding for future investment.  We intend to take out about $500 million to $600 million in costs to the North American Beverage business by 2014. We're also accelerating R&D in key breakthrough areas like low-cost natural sweeteners, more packaging innovation and food service equipment innovation. So a lot is happening in North American beverages, all focused on one thing: to hold or increase value share in this market.  And while we work through these operational improvements, we are simultaneously exploring structural options to jump shift PepsiCo's returns on capital that's deployed into this business. So that's a summary of the overall portfolio look that we undertook.  While our operational review of the last 6 months went beyond a high level portfolio analysis, and really took a deep dive on the supporting fundamentals that drive our business. We know that success for PepsiCo is dependent on world-class brand building and innovation. It's dependent on excellence in execution every day and every moment of truth, achieving the right cost structure and the optimal capital structure and most importantly, being a great place to work.  We went through and looked at how we stack up against each of these requirements. And let me walk you through the conclusions of our review on each of these items, what we found and what we'll be doing as a result. On brand management. In PepsiCo, our marketing approach has historically been highly decentralized with each country introducing brands as needed. To prove the point, it may surprise you that we have more than 400 brands in our portfolio, and this brand proliferation over the years has diluted the incrementality of our initiatives.  And there's no point stepping up the A&M investment if it's going to be fragmented across 400 brands. So we knew there was a consolidation opportunity here. So as a result of our deep dive, we'll be refocusing and streamlining our brand portfolio, sharpening their positioning with consumers, herding a lot of the new innovations of the big brands and slowly start shifting volumes from the tail of the portfolio to the core brand portfolio.  We're going to invest and drive growth behind 12 mega brands: Pepsi, Dew, Sierra Mist, 7Up in international markets, Gatorade, Tropicana, Mirinda, Lay's, Doritos, Cheetos, Lipton, Quaker and the Sun brand. These 12 brands will have aligned positioning globally. They'll have consistent campaigns and scaled innovation platforms.  For example, we'll be launching the first global Pepsi campaign in the summer of this year with common iconography, a common approach and common positioning. The first global Pepsi campaign in PepsiCo's history. We're also stepping up our investment, our A&M investment, behind these 12 brands by $500 million to $600 million in 2012, which represents about a 15% increase. And because North America is such a large market, it will receive a disproportionate share of this increased funding.  And while we are increasing the A&M, we're also streamlining our agency relationships. Today, we have about 300 relationships with strategic vendors across the globe. And we're looking to reduce that number by more than half, driving greater efficiency of spend. But spend is one thing. We're also instituting joined performance metrics with our partners. And we're implementing a pay-for-performance model, which makes sure that we get the best talents and agencies devoted to PepsiCo's businesses.  So what all of this will do is allow us to shift more of our overall A&M from nonworking A&M to working A&M, which means reduce what we spend on production costs and agency fees to actually consumer facing A&M. And this target of shift of spending to more working A&M will add considerably to the brand presence consumers will feel, than just the $500 million to $600 million in incremental spending.  And beyond just the spending increase and the shifting of A&M, we've developed one common way to measure brand equity across the world. And our goal is to track the brand equity evolution of each of these global brands regularly and intervene, when appropriate, to make sure we hold or increase the brand equity with our overall consumers in every one of the key countries in the world. And that was all the brand work we did.  The next area that we reviewed was innovation. And innovation is our lifeblood, we need that to keep growing. But as we dug deep into innovation, no surprise to you, the consumer environment has changed radically. Retail shelf space is scarce. Consumers have become more demanding. Competition has intensified, especially with the emergence of pure-play competitors fragmenting the market a lot.  PepsiCo is a prolific innovator. And there's a lot about our innovation that we should feel great about and you should admire. IRI consistently ranks us as a leader in innovation in their center [ph] report. And in 2011 alone, we have 11 of the 15 top-selling items in C-stores, and a lot of them were new products that came into the market in 2010 and '11.  But the problem is that, yes, we are a prolific innovator, but the staying power of this innovation can be much better. Some of it relates to the quality of the innovation. Sometimes it also relates to our lack of patience and a bit of Darwinian mindset that's engendered by the DSD go-to-market system. So as we sat back and looked at all of our innovation, we realized that something had to change in what we were doing in PepsiCo. We don't believe we are delivering enough incremental innovation. And we can do better. So we are rebalancing our approach.  We have now set very specific goals for 3 innovation types: refresh innovation, which is mostly line extensions; reframe innovations; and breakthrough innovations. And our goal is to drive a higher mix of reframe and breakthrough, which have the potential of being a lot more incremental.  So examples of reframe innovation would be Trop50. Which has brought back users into the juice category who left the category because of the high calories of juice. And Tostitos Scoops. We've solved the issue of getting dip on your tie or dress when you eat a regular Tostitos. An example of breakthrough innovation would be products based on the work we're doing with natural 0-calorie sweeteners. Our belief is that, when that commercializes, which I hope is pretty soon, it will really start reframing the carbonated soft drink category.  And to enable all of this, we've improved the stage gate process to allow for greater incubation of new products. And we're doing one more thing, we are leveraging a Frito-Lay North America best practice. They have something called a new growth ventures model. They incubate products in a second distribution system and it reaches a certain size, bringing it in to DSD if necessary. We're going to lift and shift that idea to North American beverages, because I believe we have a lot of great innovation which are smaller volume and tend to die in the DSD system if you put it in there right away. So we're going to incubate it into a second distribution system in PepsiCo and then bring it into DSD.  More importantly, the fact that we've now created a horizontal structures with the global groups is enabling the creation and development of more innovation platforms, as opposed to products. And we're also able now to lift and shift ideas across the globe, so we don't keep repeating what we're doing country after country.  And the other amazing thing is in somewhat of a role reversal. We're explicitly taking innovation from our developing market, especially their great work on value innovation and bringing it back to the developed markets. Stila Bars and Quaker cookies from Mexico is one example of a developing market innovation that's being launched very successfully in North America.  The last thing we've done on innovation is we restructured our relationships with our consumer insights providers. And what we've told them is we're going to pay for insight, not data. So we've given them specific questions, and we want them to answer those questions, as opposed to just buying data and allowing us to troll for it.  So our priorities here are to drive higher top line, get better price realization but most importantly, increase our value share. And that's the result of our brand and innovation look.  Let me turn to the third area we looked at in great detail, which is our execution. Some of you asked in the reports you wrote or in meetings we've had with you, whether we've lost our execution edge especially here in North America. I would say no, but we went back and looked at it in great detail anyway. Generally speaking, this is an area where we are very good at. And in many cases, I'll argue we have best-in-class execution.  Frito-Lay North America in particular is awesome at execution. But we have to push the boundaries and not just be complacent that we're very good. And we also have to learn to share best practices across the company. So in the case of our North American bottling, this is going to be a renewed area of focus having just spent the last 2 years with an appropriate focus on getting the integration complete and delivering against the synergy targets.  And we know there's a lot of best practice sharing that can go on between North American bottling and Frito-Lay, both ways. So our execution focus going forward has several elements. In terms of driving inventory share in the store, our Beverage business as one company is beginning to align marketing and sales to one set of programs on promotional inventory.  In terms of ensuring perfect orders and on-time delivery, our Beverage business will be creating a centralized dispatch headquarters in order to use sophisticated dynamic routing algorithms currently being used by Frito-Lay to improve service levels and reduce costs. And in terms of new product execution, our Beverage business will start to deploy Frito-Lay's industry-leading tools to ensure disciplined store-level execution and tracking of all new products.  And these programs respond directly to the measures most important to our customers, and they have the highest correlation to increasing sales. We're also going to leverage data we've collected for our top accounts across both snacks and beverages to drive continuous improvement, and perhaps stimulate some healthy internal competition to ensure that we're best in class in this critical area.  And the last thing we're going to be doing on execution is driving and tracking coincidence of purchase between snacks and beverages. We have told you many times that our snacks and beverages are highly complementary and are consumed and purchased together. For example, 30% of CSD shopper occasions include salty-snack purchase and 30% of salty-snack purchases include a CSD. So the opportunity for PepsiCo is tremendous as we drive incremental core purchases. And every point of additional share is worth $120 million in retail sales. So we intend to exploit this coincidence a lot more.  Finally, now that we have food service in our control, we are increasing our push on gaining both local and regional food service accounts. And in 2011, we had real progress. We gained 2 points of market share in food service. I mean, that's a lot on this business. We converted key accounts from our primary competitor Papa John's, Chuck E. Cheese, Tim Horton, to name a few. And most importantly, we achieved a 98% contract renewal rate for our existing customers.  We launched new product innovations in food service. For example, oatmeal in McDonald's and Burger King and culinary innovation at Taco Bell via Fritos Burritos. I hope you've had a chance to enjoy the product. And we acquired 35,000 new food service accounts, as a result of expanding the use of broad line distributors to secure new local and regional beverage accounts and all of our field acquisition efforts.  So let me assure you, if you had any doubt, execution excellence is what we are about, what we're really good at and we will ensure that we drive ourselves and each other to be best in class uniformly. And that's execution. Now let me turn to the whole area of cost and productivity, which is another area that we spent a lot of time on as part of this operating review. PepsiCo's always been known to be a highly productive and cost-efficient company, and we aggressively manage our cost year in and year out. We know that we're in a new environment with tremendous macroeconomic volatility, including commodity cost volatility. So we knew that we had to get even more productive to create the breathing room to deliver our numbers. So let's just take a quick look at our cost structure.  About 29% of the cost structure's raw commodities, a little over 5% is A&M and 50% is manufacturing and SG&A excluding A&M, which results in this operating profit of 16% of revenues. Our goal is to increase that operating profit number. So let me just walk you through each of the pieces.  From a commodity cost standpoint, the way we manage risk is through systematic forward buying so that we can get more cost certainty and increase cost visibility. But we're going to keep reviewing our commodity procurement approach to make sure that we have the optimal balance between risk management and visibility.  On A&M, we're going to grow it from 5.2% of sales to 6% of revenues by 2015. And in 2012, with the increase in A&M, it'll actually go up to 5.7% of sales. So the focus then is on this 50%, the big bucket. Our goal over the next 3 to 4 years is to take out 250 to 300 basis points of cost from this bucket.  And today we announced a 3-year plan to double our ongoing productivity, which will generate over $1 billion in cost savings in 2012 and $3 billion by 2014. And $1.5 billion of the $3 billion is incremental productivity versus our historical run rate. These productivity initiatives are multifunction, cross sector, and they're going to be delivering benefits throughout the entire value chain.  Our plan will become the new norm for PepsiCo by creating an ongoing global productivity culture. And this productivity program just didn't happen. It's been months of efforts across people, across the world, across all of our businesses involving all of the functions, all of the businesses, all of the sectors. We are taking actions to significantly reduce our G&A by implementing simplified organization structures. We're going to wider spans of control, fewer layers of management with consolidating facilities. We are accelerating the development and deployment of global projects impacting our products, packaging, manufacturing, transportation, how we grew our various factories and much more.  We set up a global operations group. And that's been a critical unlock, because they've been able to coordinate all of these new ideas and facilitate the lift and shift of current best practices across all of our businesses. And we have a program management office to track each of these initiatives, monitor progress, manage priorities, review achievements, identify key risks and develop mitigation plan for the global leadership team.  A critical aspect of this program is a focus on increasing operational productivity into 3 key areas of make, move and sell. And what we plan to do here is to drive world-class efficiencies through the deployment and execution of what we call global playbooks. Because these global playbooks are targeted to positively impact areas such as yield, change over times, labor and asset utilization across geographies and key lines of businesses.  Now as I mentioned to you the financial results of all of this work is that, we're going to take our 250 to 300 basis points of operating cost over the next 3 years. Now these productivity efforts will impact about 8,700 associates worldwide. Let me tell you the most difficult part of this whole productivity program has been the fact that we have to take out people. It's never easy when we have to take out people from the organization. The 8,700 people represent about 3% of our workforce. And we have to make these tough choices if we are to create the breathing room to keep reinvesting in the company.  And the other thing we did, just to give you comfort, is that we were very careful to make sure that we were not impacting the core operations of the business in taking out these people. We looked very carefully to make sure that we had all of the right functions, staffed with the right people and have the right resources so that we can keep the growth of the company going in the future.  Well, we didn't stop just with productivity and the P&L. We also looked at capital productivity. Over the last 5 years, CapEx has been about 5.5% of revenue. For 2012, we've reduced CapEx to 4.5% of net revenues. Now some of you might say, "Oh, you must have just cut it." Now we reduced it. We took a very granular approach to understand where the capacity was in the organization, where the underutilization was, how can we get lower capital into emerging markets so that we can match capital cost with the economies, of the economics of that marketplace. So we took a very granular look at our capital, and that's what allowed us to cut the CapEx into 2012. And our goal beyond 2012 is to run our business with the CapEx level of about 5% of net sales.  But it's not just capital expenditures, we're also looking at working capital. We believe we do a pretty good job with our cash conversion cycle. But again, as we looked at our cash conversion cycle in a lot more granularity, we think there's improvement in our days in inventory, DSO and DPO days. And we think there's an opportunity to reduce this whole cash conversion cycle by 10%, which will actually generate about $200 million of cash annually, incremental cash.  And to institutionalize capital productivity in the company, we will implement an EVA approach at the operating unit level, an economic value-added approach at the operating unit level, so each of our businesses can see the direct cost of the capital they deploy, whether it's normal capital expenditures or tuck-in acquisitions they propose. This is going to be part of our ongoing performance management system, and all of these efforts are designed to increase management operating cash flow and improve ROIC.  Finally, let me turn to last and most important part of our operating review, which is our organization and people. We looked at every aspect of the company in terms of morale, succession, organizational structure. We looked at everything. And let me start by telling you that PepsiCo is, and will always remain, an academy company. We are a highly desirable place to work. And in fact, according to the Chief Executive Magazine, we just moved up on the list of leadership companies from #17 to 7. And we've been named the Fortune's Top 10 Companies for Leaders. But as a company we don't just rest on those laurels. We actually assess the morale of the company every year because we conduct an annual organization health survey, which we then augment with a midyear pulse survey, just to get a sense for how people are feeling. And then we compare it on a cross-sectional basis across the company over years. We look at it by function, across genders, ethnicities, and we benchmark ourselves against the peer group of companies who conduct similar org health surveys.  I'm pleased to report to you that our org health survey results show that by and large, we are doing better than the peer group, and the basic morale of the organization is pretty good. So from an organization perspective, we feel good about where we are.  From a succession perspective, for the top 200 roles in the company, we have a 5 deep bench. We identify people who can fill the job if somebody is hit by a bus, ready in 1 to 2 years or ready in 3-plus years. And coming out of this exercise, we have identified 500 high-potential executives who we are going to -- we've developed 10-year development plan for them and we're going to accelerate their progress with the company.  Let me briefly touch on CEO succession. CEO succession at PepsiCo started day 1, when I became CEO. We've updated our Board of Directors every year and we provide midyear updates, as necessary, on this topic of CEO succession. This is very much on top of my priority list, has been since 2006. And I believe we have outstanding leaders running each of our major businesses who are all CEO capable. So from an organization perspective, from a people perspective, succession perspective, we feel very good about where we are.  So that was the summary of our detailed operational review and a look at all the drivers of our performance. Once again, based on this very detailed look, we are comfortable with our long-term targets, grow revenues in mid-single digits, deliver high-single digit EPS growth, grow free cash flow in line with net income and deliver attractive cash returns to our shareholders.  This performance will be balanced across our geographies and our categories. And as you can see, we plan to do a lot of things differently in 2012 and going forward. We're going to increase A&M spend by $500 million to $600 million, and total marketplace spend by $600 million to $700 million. We're going to focus our brands, reduce the numbers of agencies and strategic partnerships we have. We're going to focus on improving brand equity for our key brands, and you're going to start seeing stepped-up innovation levels in the marketplace. We will deliver incremental productivity of over $500 million this year and a total of $1.5 billion of incremental productivity over the next 3 years. We will reduce CapEx to 4.5% of net revenue, which is about $300 million lower than it was in 2011 while still growing the top line.  We'll generate more than $6 billion of management operating cash flow and return $3.3 billion in dividends, which is about $100 million increase over 2011, and we'll repurchase at least $3 billion in shares, which is an increase of about $600 million over 2011. And we'll do all this while navigating through incremental commodity costs -- or additional commodity costs of $1.5 billion.  Finally, in terms of operating and reporting transparency, historically, we provided you data on Pepsi Americas Foods, Pepsi Americas Beverages Europe and EMEA. Going forward, we will provide additional data on global snacks and global beverages. And within that, we will provide you top line numbers volume revenue on our global nutrition business also.  So that's the comprehensive summary of our operating review, the findings, and what we're going to do differently going forward. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh Johnston to talk in detail about 2012 and go through all of the financial information. Thank you.
Hugh F. Johnston: Great. Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. As discussed earlier, 2012 is a year of transition with EPS down 5% on a core constant-currency basis. As we compare 2012 to our high single-digit long-term growth targets, there are several key drivers for this gap. I'll cover them briefly here, and then we'll look at each individually.  First, we face another year of higher-than-normal commodity inflation driven by the lag effect of our forward-buying program. This negatively impacts our EPS growth by 9 points. Second, the extraordinary investments we are making in the marketplace, both A&M and to a lesser degree in racks and routes, drives another 8 points of EPS gap. To help offset this marketplace investment, we are, as Indra mentioned, embarking on a multi-year productivity effort, which is expected to deliver over $500 million in incremental productivity savings in 2012 for cumulative incremental productivity of $1.5 billion through 2014. This initiative is expected in 2012 to contribute 7 points of EPS growth.  Below-the-line pension cost will increase as a result of the lower discount rate we used to calculate pension expense. And finally, our net interest cost also rises. We increased our borrowings and term out debt in a low interest rate environment, and our tax rate will be slightly higher at 27%. The net impact of the latter 2 items is a reduction of 3 points. Note at this point, based on market consensus forecast, we anticipate FX to be a 3-point headwind in 2012.  Now I'd like to take a moment to go a little bit deeper on some of these. Overall, we are anticipating 7% commodity inflation for this year. Our commodity spend consists of 3 components: raw commodities, which we purchased via a systematic forward-buying program; raw commodities for which there is no active traded market; and then finally, cost our suppliers incur to convert raw commodities into ingredients and packaging materials.  On non-traded raw commodities, we will have moderate inflation of 4% this year. And on conversion costs, we are actually benefiting from 5% deflation as a result of value engineering and productivity efforts with our suppliers. But we are facing a steep 16% inflation in market trade and commodity purchases. Because we secure coverage in advance of the start of the year via our systematic forward-buying program, 35% of our commodity purchases were already locked by July 2011, more than 40% by September and almost 2/3 by the end of December 2011.  As a result, we are not fully benefiting from the recent declines in raw commodity prices yet. While this program proved to be very beneficial to us in the past 2 years and over a cumulative period, we are still ahead of the market. Our cost for traded commodities are unfavorable to the market in 2012 on a percentage basis. It's important to note though that we expect our actual prices to be at or below the market prices on many commodities, but the rate of inflation will be higher because of the different prior-year basis.  The commodity inflation is highest in the first quarter and mitigates as we move forward through the year as you would expect with the lagging effect. Regarding our productivity program, as indicated earlier, we expect to deliver $3 billion in savings over the next 3 years, which is double our historical productivity run rate. Our productivity program will touch virtually every aspect of our business, including manufacturing, distribution and SG&A.  Specifically, we are heightening our ability to execute best practice sharing across our organization, leveraging new technologies and processes across our entire cost structure and will increase yield and throughput and reduce waste throughout the value chain. In addition, we are consolidating a number of manufacturing warehouse and sales facilities, and we're implementing a more simplified organization structure with wider spans of control and fewer layers of management, which will enhance our cost competitiveness and drive more effective accountability.  The restructuring actions will have a onetime cost of about $910 million, of which about $750 million is cash. As mentioned earlier, overall below-the-line costs are a 3-point drag on EPS. Our pension costs are increasing by almost $100 million this year as a result of a decrease in the discount rates. This is after a $1 billion discretionary pretax contribution to the pension and retiree medical plans, which reduced the expense by $100 million.  In addition, our net interest costs are increasing by about $200 million as we term out debt to benefit from long-term low interest rates. Borrowing increases generally in line with cash, which sits internationally. All other corporate G&A costs are flat as reductions in corporate G&A are being redeployed to support the global productivity initiative.  Turning to capital allocation and cash return. We announced this morning that we will increase our dividend by 4% to $2.15 with the June dividend payment, and we intend to step up our share repurchase program to at least $3 billion in 2012. Simultaneously, we will term out debt, taking advantage of that low interest rate environment. This will increase our leverage, which we are comfortable with because we intend to limit both our number and size of tuck-in acquisitions and to do them only in emerging and developing markets.  Net, we expect to increase our borrowing, but again, it will only increase in line with our growth in cash. This cash is largely offshore and is, therefore, tax inefficient to repatriate. With this, despite a year of earnings decline, we expect to return about $6.3 billion to shareholders this year, up from $5.6 billion in 2011. Turning to the portfolio review. I'm sure many of you focused on the lower-left quadrant of the matrix that Indra showed you earlier and have questions about how we will scorecard that. For these businesses, we expect them to hold their grow of share, begin to achieve profitable growth and improve their ROICs within a 12- to 18-month time frame. If they don't, we will seek structural solutions as an alternative, collaborations, JVs, refranchisings or divestitures are all on the table, all with the objective to improve PepsiCo's shareholder value creation.  Summarizing 2012, we're targeting EPS to decline by approximately 5% on a constant-currency basis. Based on current market consensus ForEx, this is a 3-point headwind resulting in an 8% decline in EPS on a USD basis. As you model out the quarters, please keep in mind that commodity inflation is steepest in the first quarter and consequently, we anticipate first quarter earnings to decline high-single digits.  We expect CapEx to be approximately $3 billion, a 10% reduction from our 2011 CapEx level. Management operating cash flow is targeted at about $6 billion, an amount similar to our 2011 management operating cash flow despite an earnings decline in 2012. And we have plans in place to return over $6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Long term, as many of the headwinds we are experiencing in 2012 moderate and as our A&M investments take hold, we anticipate returning to our long-term targets of 6% to 7% core constant currency growth in division operating profit, core constant currency EPS growth in the high-single digits, CapEx investment of no more than 5% of net revenue and core management operating cash flow growing in line with net income on a rolling 3-year basis.  Now let's turn to how we'll measure progress on our performance scorecard. We will measure our performance along 8 key metrics, 4 of which relate to what we do to deliver results, and 4 of which reflect the results of what we do. Let's talk first about what we do or what I call our input metrics, which include brand strength, execution, cost and CapEx efficiency and innovation.  For brand strength, we expect brand equity on our top 12 global brands to improve year-over-year, and we expect A&M spend as a percentage of revenue to increase or stay flat after 2012. In terms of execution, we will track 2 key measures: inventory share and coincidence of purchase. These each have a strong correlation with sales growth and do so in a cost-efficient manner.  Cost and CapEx efficiency are critical to our ability to deliver profit and returns to shareholders. We are confident that our productivity programs in both P&L and CapEx investments will enable us to deliver on these targets.  Last, we'll measure the success of our innovation defined as new product sales as a percent of total PepsiCo sales. While we expect the first 3 metrics to deliver in line with our long-term target in 2012, we are not counting on an increase in innovation as a percentage of sales in 2012. For these metrics, we expect to share our performance with you on a semiannual basis, and we expect to perform against these targets beginning in 2012.  Obviously, we'll also measure our performance against key output metrics that are highly relevant to investors. The metrics are value share, EPS, ROIC and operating cash flow. Our guidance and performance targets are consistent with these long-term targets, and we'll continue to report to them -- to report them to you as we currently do. Because 2012 is a transition year, however, we expect to achieve only the value share targets in 2012. We believe that this scorecard is well-connected to both operating performance and shareholder value creation and will enable you to clearly understand our results.  With that, now I'll turn the meeting back over to Indra.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Hugh. Thanks to all of you for your attention this morning. And before we open it up for questions, let me just recap the key points we'd like you to takeaway this morning by returning to one of our earlier slides.  We're excited about the initiatives we shared with you this morning and look forward to sharing with you our progress as the year progresses. And as I said as I close my talk this morning, you should expect to see the following: a substantial increase in our brand support and focus, improvement in our brands' health, delivery of significant incremental cost productivity, greater efficiency in capital spending, strong cash flow generation and attractive cash returns to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  Now as I turn it over to you for Q&A, and if I could just have John, Zein, Al and Saad join me here on the podium, and we will take questions from you, and then we'll toss it to our sector heads so that they, too, can share their thoughts with you. So with that, it's over to you. Yes? Go ahead.
Unknown Analyst: Indra, how do you know this is enough? And I say that in the context particularly around the spend back so $500 million to $600 million A&M only gets you kind of halfway to where you were at the beginning part of this decade even if you pull out PB U.K. asset [PH] and Wimm-Bill-Dann. How do you know that's enough? And in particular, what does it tell us about the ROI of the overall business and the trend of the ROI in the overall business as you're spending more and more and more, you're doing more and more, but you're getting to the same number from a growth perspective. How should we feel about that?
Indra K. Nooyi: I'll make a couple or 3 comments, and I'm going to toss it to Al to talk about how they're reorienting the advertising spending especially -- you focus more on North American beverages, right? Let me start by saying to you that over the last 5 years, the A&M has not been cut. That's the interesting part of the whole North American beverage discussion. So the dollar amount has not been cut. The non-working A&M squeezed out the working A&M. That's the big issue. What you see is measured media. We look at total A&M in the North American beverage business, nothing has changed. The thing to be careful about Gatorade, for example, the working media that you see, the ads are a very small portion of Gatorade. A lot of Gatorade is more what they do with sideline presence and what they do with athletes and what they do to market the product to them. So you've got to look at the overall A&M bucket. Over the last 5 years, the single biggest trend is that we had non-working A&M squeezed out working A&M because inflation and contracts and we had too many agency relationships. And the second is that we supported too many brands. I mean, in North America, because we are a total beverage company with a large portfolio of non-carbon, carbonated brand, we supported too many brands. So the first thing they're doing is first, focusing our effort behind a few brands -- and Al's got a list of brands he's really going to focus on. And by shifting more non-working to working A&M, what you're going to see is that 15% to 20% increase in visible dollars that we're talking about is going to feel like hell of a lot more in North America. So that's the top line number. But that's not enough. If you don't support the A&M with innovation and execution, you can talk about the brands all you want, but you need news to drive incrementality, so that's why we're going to focus a lot more on innovation. And Al, maybe you can talk about some of the innovations the second point, and execution on the ground is going to really go up when we start tailoring assortments by store so we can actually get that incremental growth. Lastly, on total growth, the marketplace in North American Beverage business is only growing 1% in volume; and in value, maybe 3% to 4%. In the last 4 to 5 years, the new entrants in the pure plays have taken a lot of the growth and the big 2, 2.5, 3 have not really had as much of the growth as the pure plays. So we have to figure out how to be a pure play within our own company, and it's not for not having the innovation. We have had tons of innovation. We just kill it too fast, and this new growth ventures that Al is setting up now, mirroring what we've done with Frito-Lay will allow us to incubate these new products so that it doesn't always have to be a $50 million, $100 million case innovation the first year. We can actually start smaller and build up the business. So let me turn it to Al to give you his perspective. Al, it's all yours.
Albert P. Carey: Okay. Indra's mentioned already -- spent the money on many brands, not the 5 core brands. So this coming year, you'll see on Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade, Tropicana and Lipton, substantial increases, not the usual just double-digit increases in these campaigns. And the campaigns are not going to be just increases in media television, also digital is -- shows tremendous promise. I think not just digital but customer digital. Some of our customers are on the leading edge of digital shows some remarkable new ideas that we could probably tie into and drive business much more directly and focused to those consumers. So if we're looking at selling Gatorade to athletes or families that have young athletes, we can get to these consumers much more directly by using, let's say, the Safeway card and the digital approaches that they use. But let me go back on a couple of the key things that we're going to be working on at PepsiCo beverages North America. I don't believe -- my observation is the business is not broken. It needs to be -- I would describe it as a focus on the back to basics, and that means investment -- substantial investments in the top 5 brands. And then the other thing we need to do is significantly improve the innovation that we have going into the marketplace, both on healthy and core. So this year in 2012, you're going to see a substantial improvement in innovation, but the 2013 pipeline is the one that we really expect to see some really big gains. But this year as well, you'll see things like this that I would call not giant innovation, but we've worked with customers on this particular product right here, it's a 24 ounce can of Mountain Dew. Our initial test market, we blew out every can that we made, and it appeals not only to Mountain Dew users, but also to energy drink users. So if they normally pay $2.99 for a can like this, this will be a lot less. Then I'd call it mid-type of innovation like Pepsi NEXT, and Pepsi NEXT will have 60% less calories than a normal Pepsi, and I'd ask you to try some of it on your way out. I think you'll find that it tastes exactly like a regular Pepsi. I'm a regular Pepsi drinker, and it really is the same. We've made a substantial progress on that product. And then big innovation is all-natural sweeteners, big breakthrough in fountain equipment. And those things are towards the end of this year and really into 2013. And we'll have the -- what I would call the proper investments against those brands. One last thing I'd mention, putting a local structure in place that allows us to get the most out of these big national ideas but also to capitalize on these granular opportunities that exist in the marketplace. Today, I believe we call too many of the plays out of the center, meaning in my group. We're going to have a structure that's announced very quickly here, where we'll have general managers in the marketplace. They will have regional resources for marketing, and we'll be able to work with our customers on things that are going on specifically in Los Angeles. I just don't think we're able to make these calls out of the center as good as the people who were down in the marketplace in the Californias, and in Texases and in those kinds of markets.
Indra K. Nooyi: And let me just add one last point. As I said to you in the opening comments, this is the first time we're going to have global management of big brands. I mean, it might seem unusual to you, but Pepsi was never managed as a global brand. It was managed in a much more fragmented way. Brad Jakeman, who joined us 6, 9 months ago is doing a fabulous job thinking about Pepsi as a global brand, and you'll start seeing the results of this global brand work in summer of this year. And so the leverage of all of this investment is what gives us confidence that -- at first step, hold share, start slowly moving this value share to pick it up. And then would be technology breakthrough, really start thinking about how to gain share. But the real important thing in all of this is to play in this market in a responsible way. I think this category has been played in interesting ways by the competitors, too much pricing action even when commodities have gone up. So it's very important that pricing is responsible, and that's what we've been trying to do in the last 6, 9 months. Go ahead.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions, one is on China. It's such a strategically important market for long-term growth. And having met with Tingyi over the last couple of years, a number of times, they've always said, "We don't think carbonated soft drinks are a good business in China." People like teas. People like this. So, there was -- I don't know if they've changed their tune, but it scares me that that's been their attitude in the past. So my question would be, I see the short-term benefit of getting losses of the income statement from the refranchising. But what are the measurements that you're putting in place to make sure that Tingyi doesn't do a blast to target all the volume benefit, but actually delivers over time in this critical market? And then a question for John. Just on the volume growth at Frito, which was the slowest it's been in the last, as I remember the 1%, what do you think it looks like over time and why?
Indra K. Nooyi: So, Saad, you want to take the Tingyi question because you meet with Chairman there on regular basis...
Saad Abdul-Latif: Yes, we're extremely very pleased about the alliance if approved by the Chinese government with Tingyi. The CSD category in China has been growing. And, in fact, in 2011 has grown faster than NCBs. And Tingyi and their portfolio, it doesn't have that. So our alliance with them actually is complementary. It will give us access to wide areas where we don't have production facilities with them. So we have planned our CSD business there. It's an alliance between the #1 ready-to-drink tea, the #1 water, the #1 cola and the #1 flavor. So I think now we've set and transformed, if approved by the Chinese government, this alliance, our Beverage business on trajectory for growth for many, many years to come. How are we going to measure the performance of Tingyi going forward? We have a joint planning with them. We operate as we operate with the franchise there, bottler. Every year, we set up the annual operating plan. We measure it quarterly. We adjust where we need to adjust, and then so forth. Most of our people running our business will be working with Tingyi on this, so there is no change. So we're not like giving our business with these people. Actually, we're moving a lot of our people in operation to Tingyi. The beauty about this alliance is we get access to distribution points, we get access to wide areas where we've never existed before. There was a structural disadvantage on operating plants. We had 22, Coke have 34. With this now, probably we will be set for good, for sustainable growth. And once approved, we will be the #1, actually, beverage company with Tingyi overnight.
Indra K. Nooyi: Caroline, that's a great question. And when we went into the alliance with Tingyi, I mean, we've all had a chance to meet with Chairman Wei, who we adore. I want to tell you, that was the thing we worried about the most. And what we found that was refreshing was Chairman Wei actually -- I don't know what he told you, but he sought us as much as we sought him. He wanted this business because he realized that this business had more price incrementality than tea where there's so much local competition. So this actually gives him some insulation. PepsiCo also provides him a lot of best practice sharing from all of the stuff we do around the world, whether it's marketplace investments, how we grow the business, how we put in coolers, how we put in the route. There's a lot of sharing of knowledge and know-how. And he genuinely believed that carbonated soft drinks will actually grow as a percentage of sales in China, may not be to the U.S. level, but it will grow. It's about 20% today, it will grow. So this was a mutually sought after marriage, and we feel very good about the prospects for this business. So now let me toss it to John to talk about the...
John C. Compton: So let me -- 2 weeks ago, I gave a big speech to an industry conference of the Food Marketing Institute, and I was challenging the group on how to rethink growth because if you look at all food and beverage in the fourth quarter of 2011, volume declined 1.5%. Revenues grew 5%, but there was almost 7 points of pricing behind that 5% revenue growth. So I look at Frito-Lay North America and say 1% volume growth in the quarter compared to everyone else declining 1.5% I think is pretty good. And the algorithm for the quarter of a 1 7 10, I would say, is world-class. Ongoing when we took, as you know, almost 6 points of pricing and drove 1% volume growth in that business. Ongoing we said for Frito-Lay, is a low single-digit volume growth company. We expect a positive spread between volume and revenue and a positive spread between revenue and profit, and that's our expectation. We're very proud of Frito-Lay.
Indra K. Nooyi: Judy?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just in terms of commodities, the $1.5 billion step up in 2012, a little bit more color just in terms of maybe key inputs or by-product categories where you're seeing the most pressure? And then as related to that, the inflation impact for 2012 that you won't be able to cover price -- with pricing just seems a little bit larger. So is it really a consumer issue? Is it -- is there an element of a brand equity issue that you're really trying to address here? And then how much is also driven by perhaps maybe your hedge position being a little bit of a disadvantage versus your competitors?
Indra K. Nooyi: Hugh, go ahead.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure. So in terms of the key commodities, obviously, we tend not to talk about specific commodity pricing for obvious reasons. That's information we'd rather not share with competitors. What I would say to though, Judy, is it is very much driven by the lagging effect of the timing of purchases. We do think based on the pricing that we have, and we obviously have knowledge of what the marketplace prices are with 1 or 2 notable exceptions, the pricing that we're paying is better than what's in the market or equal to what's in the market right now. Relative to competition hedging strategies, that's hard for me to speculate on. Obviously, it's just difficult to say what competition is doing. We've seen, obviously, a number of CPGs come out and start to share guidance. And I think we've seen people talk about anything from low- to mid-single digits. Obviously, the number that we shared is a notch above that. I guess generally speaking, the more you're exposed to agro, you probably have a bit more commodity inflation as opposed to being exposed more to energy. So the food and beverage company is probably a little bit higher than the HPCs. And the longer you tend to hedge, and we've been pretty open about the fact that we tend to work about 9 months out, the more the effect will hit in 2012.
Indra K. Nooyi: In terms of pricing behind the brands, we actually lead pricing in many parts of even North America. None of our snack businesses are an issue. But in beverages, we've been trying to take pricing up. It is a very competitive market out there. And if the market place behaves in a sensible way based on commodities, I think the pricing will go up. This has nothing to do with our brand. One example I'll give you is in the cold channel, and Al you can talk about it. We've taken pricing up and it stuck. And our cold channel volume is up significantly.
Albert P. Carey: Yes. Our cold channel business right now for probably the last 12 weeks is very solid, and a good indicator of the brand strength as we put some programs in place on Mountain Dew and Pepsi. But the pricing in the marketplace even on large format is rational right now, which is a good thing for all of us.
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me take a question here and then come there.
Unknown Analyst: Indra, could you talk about why you have a line of sight now and it's the right time to reset? So why do you have it now? Why didn't you have it 3 years ago? Is it due to the macro, or can you just explain that a little further? I have a follow up.
Indra K. Nooyi: Good question, and I tell you, 2007, '08 -- let me -- just typically, when new CEOs come, they just like to sort of throw everything in the kitchen sink and reset. I was looking at the portfolio and saying, "Hey, you can reset all you want, but developed markets are getting a little soft." We don't have much emerging and developing markets in my portfolio. And sometimes, when you have a problem in the portfolio overall, you take a gigantic reset. The issues that I was facing at that time required transformation, which was going to take several years. I'll be honest with you. Had we not had this macroeconomic meltdown and this commodity cost volatility, this whole reset would have happened earlier, and the transformation could have happened earlier. The problem is, we faced the worst crisis, and we had to reset in the middle of this crisis. The other problem was anytime we wanted a reset for North American beverages, there was this giant sucking sound where the bottling systems took out all of the extra funding and demanded bottle funding, okay? And so we had to address that structural problem we had with the bottling systems so that we didn't have 2 companies fighting over a shrinking profit or a flat profit pool. So I had to wait for that bottling system integration to happen, okay? And so finished the bottling system integration 2010; in 2011, brought the management of all of it under one person, Al Carey, and said okay, now is the time to go off and make the reset happen because now we know that every dollar of shareholders' money we put behind the reset will actually yield results as opposed to you put the money -- and as I said, every CEO gets an opportunity once in a decade to make a reset. It's like running a car race. You got to take a pit stop at some point, and you don't get too many chances to take a pit stop and then still win the race. We want to win the race. So this was the pit stop, and we had to pick it very strategically. So that's what we did. Talked through about it every year, I'll be honest with you.
Unknown Analyst: Got you. And then Hugh can you just talk about volume was a little tight into this year and maybe the long term because I don't think it was mentioned in any of the slides.
Indra K. Nooyi: Revenue was at mid-single digits this year, too.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, we said mid-single on revenue.
Unknown Analyst: And then no volume?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, revenue is probably the more relevant thing at this point.
Indra K. Nooyi: Because of the pricing, yes. Can I take a question, then come to you?
Unknown Analyst: Yes.
Indra K. Nooyi: A question there, please.
Unknown Analyst: Yes, Indra, 2 questions. One on North America beverages. You talked about the opportunity through structural change to jump shift ROIC. Could you elaborate on that comment? Are you rethinking about how you're thinking about wholly owning the bottling assets for the long term? What did you mean by that comment is question one. And then question two is, as you think about the larger organization, the whole of PepsiCo and as the Chairman of the company and its CEO, how do you think about a, kind of internal versus external candidates for key leadership roles; and b, how are you thinking about those 2 roles being occupied by one person?
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me first turn to Hugh on the structural issue.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure. Well, as we laid out in the scorecard, I think we're open about how we are going to look at the business. Regarding alternatives to increased returns, first of all, from an operating perspective, we're obviously going to be looking at capital investments with extreme scrutiny when the business is challenged from a growth perspective. Working capital, the same. We do think that there are lots of opportunities to manage inventory more tightly, and as Indra said, to reduce days both on the payables and -- or on the receivable side and increase on the payable side. From a structural alternative perspective, I think it's fair to say that there's a variety of items on the table. And we're going to look at each of the options and determine what makes sense if we don't see internal operating performance of the business and the returns of the business improve over time. That can be anything from collaborations right through to all variety of other options as well.
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me talk to you about organization. We do a great job developing our internal talent for succession at the senior-most level. You see an outstanding group of leaders here, who've all grown up in the PepsiCo system doing outstanding job, but I think the mark of a good company is to be able to bring in external talent when needed at the right level, whatever the level of the company is, if the belief of the leadership of the company is that this external talent will significantly improve the thinking of the company and help us position ourselves to perform in a new and changing environment. I think all of us are in an extraordinary period of change. Many of the skills we had over the -- that we learned over the last 10 or 15 years don't apply in the future. So very often, you have to buy some of this talent to just improve the overall knowledge base in the company. I mean, I'll give you an example, Enderson Guimaraes. Where are you, Enderson? Enderson came to us from Electrolux, and he was running a big piece of Electrolux. Now he's running global operations for PepsiCo. The thinking that Enderson brings to us challenges the way we do things in PepsiCo, which is great because it makes us all a better company, a better group of leaders. So I think any good company, the mark of a great company is to be willing, to be open to bringing an external talent when needed, assimilating them, learning from them and then getting better as an overall company. On the last thing on the Chairman and CEO roles, look, I've been Chairman and CEO, and I've seen the benefits of being both the Chairman and CEO being able to manage the board, external constituencies and be able to run the company. If you have a Chairman and CEO that runs a very flat organization, 20 reports, and they're not of the caliber of being Chairman and CEO themselves, then you have a problem. I have the unusual benefit of having 4 sector heads who each of them can be Chairman and CEO in their own right and a phenomenal CFO. So I look at my team and say, "I work for them, they are all Chairman and CEOs in their own way." And so I think in PepsiCo, this role combination actually works. I promised to come here. Yes, right here on the first row.
Unknown Analyst: Indra, can you discuss your level of confidence that you will get returns behind this marketing spending in beverages? And also, as we look at 2013 and '14, I'm assuming that your EPS growth will be in line with your long-term goals. Why would that be if you're getting a return on the marketing investment in 2012 versus depressing the earnings base, and you've also got incremental cost cutting in those years?
Indra K. Nooyi: Your question is why isn't it higher in 2013?
Unknown Analyst: Yes.
Indra K. Nooyi: Look, what we've given you is the long-term algorithm. We said high-single digit. We'll come to 2013 guidance as we get to the early part of 2013. Let's see what the environment is like, what all of the cost situation looks like. Why do we believe that we'll get a return on investment? I'm going to use Pepsi Max as an example. We invested heavily behind Pepsi Max and the restaging of Pepsi Max last year and this year. Pepsi Max is up more than 50% in volume between last year and this year. Now it's off a small base, but it's up 50%, and it's almost one share of the carbonated soft drink business. So you can't run 20 brands and try to invest behind all of them and expect them to cut through the clutter. But if you take a focus group of brands, that actually belong in different aisles in store, look at the brands that Al talked about. You've got Pepsi, Dew in the CSD aisle. You've got Gatorade in the sports aisle. You've got Tropicana sitting in the refrigerated aisle. If you invest behind each of these sitting in different parts of the store and put the appropriate media rates, our testing shows that you can actually get growth in each of these brands. And that's the model we've been using. We have tested that, and we believe we will get a return on it, okay. I have to go to a question there. Yes, go ahead.
Unknown Analyst: Two questions. One, just implied in your long-term model, is there an expectation that gross margins will expand over time, or is all the leverage going to be below the gross profit line?
Indra K. Nooyi: Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: To be perfectly candid, a little tough to say given commodities have been so volatile. We will clearly see margins below the line improve where the impact of lower cost below the line. NVA, which is the non-commodity portion of cost of goods sold, we clearly expect to see productivity there. How commodities shakeout and how that balances out to me is very much an open question. Under normal circumstances, yes, I would expect to see gross margin improvement as well, but...
Unknown Analyst: So you'd expect to be able to start to -- or be able over time to cover some level of commodity inflation with pricing, I guess, is my -- did the company loss pricing power, is what I'm asking.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. The way I think about it is, when I think about commodities, I tend to think about them longer term growing roughly in line with global GDP, and so somewhere in 3%, 3.5% range. At that level, certainly, we would expect to be able to price the cover. What happens in any individual year, tough to ascertain further out than a few months before the year begins.
Indra K. Nooyi: The thing to be careful about just, say, on pricing, I'd be careful about assuming that the brands don't have pricing power. I'll tell you why because this is a tough economy. It's not that the brands don't have pricing power. Consumers don't have the buying power. Okay, if you had a normal year, we would be looking at a very different dynamic. In countries where consumers have buying power, the emerging market of EMEA, Asia and Middle East, we have been able to price. We are getting the value -- volume growth and the value growth, not an issue. The last thing I'd tell you is on gross margins. As the mix of countries changes and as we get more growth in emerging and developing markets, which is what all of us should want because that drives long-term growth, sometimes the gross margin picture starts looking muddy because in those markets, we're still in the early stages so the gross margin is a little bit lower and then they ramp up. So when you have a large company and you're looking at a combination of different businesses, categories, countries with different dynamics and a combination of franchise and operating business, there's not a linear relationship on the gross margin. So it requires explanation. And we'll provide it to you in our quarterly calls. Okay, I'll take a question on this side. Is there a question on this side? No? Go ahead. I'll come back again for you.
Unknown Analyst: Hugh, thank you so much for your commentary around balancing your leverage increase in tuck-in acquisitions. If I could just dig in to that a little bit. When you look at your short-term borrowings and your access to commercial paper, do you see a need to maintain Tier 1 CP access, or could you look for increased balance sheet flexibility by moving towards Tier 2?
Hugh F. Johnston: It's a good question. At this point, in terms of commenting on specific ratings, it would probably be inappropriate for me to do that right now. I've -- we've shared with you what our plans are and what our leverage roughly looks like. Beyond that, I probably rather not get into it. I wouldn't necessarily take anything off the table.
Indra K. Nooyi: A question there. One back, and then you, John.
Unknown Analyst: Yes, I just wanted to ask you, you have an increased budget for advertising. Just wanted to know which sectors are you targeting? Are you moving more or less towards the Internet, print or TV? And also, do you have any hand in the Olympics with your Gatorade drinks and so forth?
Indra K. Nooyi: I mean, the advertising spending is broad-based. As Al mentioned, it's a 360 degree activation. So each of those elements you talked about will get an increase in advertising spending. And no, we are not in the Olympics. We were the proud sponsors of the NFL and the outstanding Super Bowl we just witnessed where we had phenomenal results with our advertising campaign. And that's what we're doing.
Hugh F. Johnston: And I would not say, we're not in the Olympics, but we have 3 substantial campaigns this summer. One on Gatorade, one on Pepsi and Mountain Dew.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, John?
Unknown Analyst: So you talked about one of the targets that you are going to keep for 2012. You had those targets when you talked about the bottom the page. One of them was value share growth. So going back to Dara's Question, I guess, historically, advertising takes a little bit of time to seed. And so can you talk about what you see as the key drivers of those values -- of that value share growth? So advertising takes a little time seed, the innovation is a little back-end loaded. Taking less price relative to raw material inflation sounds like we could actually see price gaps widening from that standpoint. So how much of that short-term value share growth do you think comes from potentially widening of price point gaps?
Indra K. Nooyi: Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: John, from that standpoint, we -- and let me focus more on North America because that's sort of the more logical area of emphasis. We really did get our pricing in place in the fourth quarter, particularly in the Beverage business. And we were comfortable with where we are right now, and I think wed expect to see that stay roughly where it is right now.
Indra K. Nooyi: Any other question this time? Yes, go ahead, Damian.
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Indra, just a 2-part question. On -- just give us your global perspective in terms of what's happening around the globe currently, what do you think of each market in terms of is it getting better or worse? And then I don't know if I missed it, but if I look at your goal for Good-for-You, the $30 billion by 2020, is that still a target? And since you sort of said no big acquisitions, do you think that you can still get there with organic or mostly organic growth?
Indra K. Nooyi: I'm going to answer that question, and then what I'm going to do, Damian, is give you a gift. I'm going to have Saad, Zein talk about their regions, and then I'm going to have John and Al talk about Latin America because they also cover Latin America. Currently, our Good-for-You portfolio is about $14 billion in PepsiCo. That market category is growing between 89% globally. If we just keep growing at that rate between now and 2020, we will be a $30 billion business. So we don't need any extraordinary intervention to grow that business. What we need to do is to invest, to grow in those markets we are in and go into new markets with just our Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade and where appropriate, our Naked Juice brands. So we're not looking at any dramatic expansion through acquisitions at this point. So let me turn -- Zein, let me turn it to you to talk about what you're seeing in Europe, especially Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Southern. Give us your perspective.
Zein Abdalla: Yes, well, I mean, clearly, you all read the news. Europe is going through a lot of challenges. And you almost see either issues unfold by the week, or some issues just repeat by the week. One of the, I think, wonderful things about our business in Europe is it's very finely balanced between the East and the West. We're pretty evenly split between the emerging markets of Europe and the developed markets of Europe. And what that tends to do for us is in good times, allows us to accelerate growth and move ahead of the pack. And obviously, in more challenging times when the developed markets tend to be more stable, it allows us to hedge against the challenges. So even in a very difficult year like 2011, we still delivered very, very solid top line growth. I would say looking back 2011, obviously, the developed markets are more stable and performed better. Russia had a particular challenge. Youll have heard that from many food and beverage companies, from many FMCG companies, not so much drive by their economy where they actually had good GDP growth, but much more driven by the excessive inflation in the country because they suffered both from the global inflation but also particularly in Russia a very severe crop shortage in 2010 as a result of a very hot summer that played out into basic commodities, hurt consumers really in terms of their basic, basic purchases. And you saw a decline in disposable incomes. Now we do see that normalizing in Russia, and we do see the market coming back. And we will see a stronger performance in Russia in 2012. Now again having said that, we're very pleased with the top line performance around Russia growing double digits in 2011. And again, the wonderful hedging of that business across the multiple categories in which we compete. Following the Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisition and the integration, we're nearly 12 months into that now and the integration of it into our business. I can tell you, we've gone in 12 months from essentially serving consumers between about 12:00 midday to about 6:00 in the evening. They're now serving them from the moment they wake up to actually, the moment before they go to sleep. And the traditional drink in Russia before you go to bed is a glass of Kefir, which is a fermented yogurt drink. It's a digestive. It helps you sleep, and that's actually one of the fastest-growing beverage categories. When you talk about snacking, and we all tend to think about nutrition versus Fun-for-You, well, one of the fastest-growing snacking areas in many of these emerging markets is as the meals deconstruct and as people move from formal breakfast at home before they leave home, to needing that midmorning snack or that second breakfast. And again, products like value-added dairy play very, very strongly in that segment. So yes, I mean, a challenging macroeconomic picture in Europe, challenging consumer picture. But we've always, I think, said to you that the good news is people have to eat and drink. The really good news is we have a balanced portfolio, both geographically and in terms of the categories and the consumer needs and occasions that we service.
Indra K. Nooyi: Saad?
Saad Abdul-Latif: Yes. Well, EMEA is a vast territory, as you know, and I have three-quarters of the world's population, and...
Indra K. Nooyi: Then we want 3 quarters of the profits of the company come from your group.
Saad Abdul-Latif: We're working towards that. I'll tell you, we called engine for growth for PepsiCo for a reason. First of all, the economies are growing, where China and India they're growing at high single-digits GDP. The population is young, and the per capita consumption of both snacks and beverages is a fraction of the developed world. So we have a huge runway to grow in both businesses, and we are poised to capture that growth. We have outstanding businesses in beverages and in snacks, and I'll just tour around the area with you area by area. So if we take the Middle East, we are the overwhelming choice of consumers there in beverages and in snacks. But that's been happening lately in the Middle East while it would set us back a little bit for a year or 2. However, for the long term, it's great because it will bring a lot of transparency and governance and it will bring a lot of employment at greater stage to our businesses. And we are very well positioned to capture that growth. India has been great. We have fantastic businesses in beverages and in snacks. In fact, in 2011, we out grew our competitor by 6, 7 factor points in LRB. Our snacks business is -- close to 100,000 tons [ph] and then doing great. And we're capturing all the growth of the GDP. It slowed a little bit down, but not at the level that really worried us. There is a lot of consumers coming in with purchasing power into that as in China. In China, our snacks business is doing great. We are growing in high, high teens. And in the beverages, when the government approves the alliance with Tingyi, we have really set our beverage business on sustainable growth path. As I said earlier, were aligned with the #1 tea and the #1 water. We're the #1 cola and #1 flavor. So coming together, we put that business on a trajectory to growth. And with snacks, it's a very fragmented market. And we are very well poised with the capability of people that we have there to grow. Asia-Pacific is the mixture of countries there we have developed such as Australia. Like the other developed world, there have seen some challenges there, but we are managing these challenges and actually, we are growing on the snacks business. And we have a lot of emerging markets that we are doing extremely well, such as Vietnam where, actually, we are the choice of consumer there for both snacks and beverages. Pakistan, which is part of the Asia-Pacific there, is also growing. So overall, we have the great businesses in foods and beverages. The economies are growing. The population is young, and we are very well poised to capture that growth for the future.
Indra K. Nooyi: John, can you talk about Latin America, but stay with the macroeconomic...
John C. Compton: Yes, Latin America remains 3% to 4% GDP growth. Obviously, that's driven by Mexico and Brazil. Mexico for the year was around 3%. Brazil slowed some, but I think as you look forward, you've got to believe that, that economy is going to continue to grow 4%, 5%, maybe 6% going forward with the Olympics and the World Cup coming there. And our business collectively grew volume about 5% during the year, so strong. And in Brazil, our snack business was up 8%, and I think it's -- to Indra's point about the dis-synergies of the 2, it's one of our best markets with the Power of One where we leverage the Frito-Lay's system to distribute many of the beverage brands. So very optimistic about Latin America.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes?
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Indra, 2 questions. One, I didn't hear a lot about mix on a consolidated basis. I think you touched on the fact that emerging markets are in negative to mix, but if you're no longer doing as much M&A, I would assume that's no longer going to be as much of a drag. And if you're focusing on the top 12 global brands, I assume they typically have a higher-than-average mix benefit. So maybe you could touch on those, and then I'll follow up.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes. Mix, I think, our expectations again depends on how the economies evolve, Eric. But right now, emerging markets -- emerging and developing markets about 35% of the revenue of PepsiCo. We think it'll get to 50% by the end of the decade, okay. That's the range. And it takes that long only because our developed markets business is also growing, okay. So that's how we think it will evolve. The good news is, in emerging and developing markets, once they get to a certain scale, their margins escalate quite fast. The best example is Sabritas in Mexico. It's a developing market. But if you look at the margins we get in our Sabritas business, it's very attractive. And so because we have scale, we are the largest salty-snack player there. So I think it's a couple of dynamics. One, we'll keep moving the emerging and developing markets up, get it to half-and-half and there should be even more skewed to emerging and developing markets based on the world population. But let's start with 50-50. And then, hopefully, sometime around 2015, the profit acceleration from emerging markets will start picking up even more because the investments to build scale now are returns from the scale investments. So I hope that change will happen.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then in looking at that 4-quad grid that you put up, so basically, in the top left quadrant, it was 74% to the business and the other 26% had issues one way or the other. And I'm kind of wanting to think about that like -- or how should we think about that relative to the Power of One? Because it seem like the top-left quadrant was what really benefited from Power of One, whereas the others were more difficult to kind of see where that -- where the benefit comes in there. And then to the extent that you get a 1% lift from the Power of One quantified, I guess, is like $120 million in sales, I mean, you're talking relative to a business that's got $60 billion, $70 billion of sales. So how is that like incremental?
Indra K. Nooyi: So Eric, the Power of One increment we're talking about in North America, all right, that number was a North American coincidence number increasing about 1%. Believe me, our normal businesses grow. Frito-Lay grows, North American beverage grows. Over and above that, if we can get an additional $120 million sales, 2 or 3 points from that in North America, that's a bonanza. I mean, to get $300 million, $400 million from an over-the-top co-merchandising activity, co-promotion activity is gigantic for an overall food and beverage business market that's not growing as robustly as it used to grow. I have looked at the portfolio differently. I actually -- when putting it together, I looked at it very carefully, the businesses on the lower-left quadrant, okay, some of the emerging market snack businesses, they're only there because we don't have the scale as yet. They're going to use the Beverage business to plus up their scale. They'll quickly move into the top-left quadrant, okay. But we need to make sure that we manage that business to drive the growth, make sure that we leverage the Beverage business to drive the growth, get the right people, and we have to do that. That's why we put it there, honestly. The -- some of the emerging market Beverage business, we've done the Pareto. We have looked at each of these businesses and said, "Do we have an operational line of sight to get to the top quadrant, or do we have to consider structural option that is refranchising into a well-capitalized bottler, who has a reason to refranchised?" And let me speak to that a little bit. In the past, one of the mistakes we made as a company, I'll go back, when we gave Mexico, Russia to PBG, all right, we gave it to them because we felt they needed a growth market. Well one of the big lessons, Eric, was that you give a growth market, which is not the whole market, to a bottler only they have reason to combine with something else they have and get scale. You just don't throw a growth markets to them, okay. And that's why the whole international experiment of PBG wasn't wildly successful. So when we think about refranchising some of these emerging market Beverage businesses, we have to find a bottler who has other businesses so that they can leverage the scale like AmBev in Brazil was a great example. And we have partners like that in Asia-Pacific. I look at our Japanese bottlers who are absolute terrific partners, taking them to other parts of Asia-Pacific. I think there are lots of opportunities there to think about how to move emerging market Beverage businesses to the top box. The biggest elephant there is North American DSD in that bottom box. If commodity inflation wasn't prevalent, we wouldn't have put it in that bottom box because margins for that business normally are in the teens. It shouldn't have been a problem at all. And then we bought the bottlers back, I mean, we were thrilled at the synergies and what we can do. What we need to navigate through now is how do you manage a Beverage business, which is not growing too much, but not a commodity inflation? How do you reset that whole business? And if you can't reset it through a technology breakthrough, through a different way of operating it, through innovation, through brand building, then you have to think about structural options. And that's what we're going through. So what I would suggest is, just focus on the percentage of profitability from North American DSD beverage that belongs in that box. The rest of it will take care of itself because of the growth and the way we are managing it today, okay. Caroline, I think we have to shut it down, but one last question. Go ahead.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is just for Al.
Indra K. Nooyi: Make it a good one.
Caroline S. Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: It will be -- well, a good 2 for Al, or maybe both for Al. On feet on the street, you've got a lot of layoffs coming. How do you feel about the capability of the Pepsi system right now? Do you need more people rather than less? And the other is, do you think you should be doing more targeted Hispanic marketing given the growth rate in consumption of beverages by that consumer group?
Albert P. Carey: Now those are good questions. I -- let me just say, with the layoffs that will occur at Pepsi North America, very few will be at the front line. Most will be focused on middle and above management. So I'm not worried about this feet on the street. But as time goes on, there are a few gaps in service and those are being taken care of, I believe, in customer service just like at the Frito-Lay system. So I feel very good where we are there. On the Hispanic opportunity, I think probably more than 60% of the growth in the category is going to come from the Hispanic consumer, and I have seen some estimates that are quite a bit higher than that. And this whole local campaign that we're putting together in our local region markets, very focused on that as opportunities come up in the Texas, Florida, California market. And actually, that opportunity is becoming bigger in almost every city, not just in those Southwest cities that we typically talk about.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Caroline. So let me just close by saying thank you again to all of you for coming to our meeting this morning, and thank you for your attention over the past couple of hours. We look forward to seeing a lot of you over the next few weeks, and certainly reconnecting with all of you at CAGNY later this month. But as you leave, I just want you to take a picture of PepsiCo back with you. $66 billion of revenue, 16% operating margin, 17% net return on invested capital, 31% return on equity, a prolific cash generator and a company with 22 brands, each one generating over $1 billion in retail sales, and a company with terrific people and great growth prospects. So with that, thank you for your time and hope to reconnect with you soon. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-12 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Hugh F. Johnston - Chief Financial Officer Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John C. Compton - Chief Executive Officer of Pepsico Americas Foods & Global Snacks Group and Member of Liquid Refreshment Beverage Oversight Council Zein Abdalla - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Europe
Analysts: Carlos A. LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO; John Compton, PepsiCo Americas Foods CEO; and Zein Abdalla, CEO of PepsiCo Europe. Indra will lead off today's call with a review of our overall performance. Hugh will cover the financials and our balance of year outlook, and then we'll move on to Q&A. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2011 guidance based on currently available information, and our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with the cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in our most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentations tab. Now it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'd like to give you my perspective on our third quarter performance and share with you my thoughts on our progress against our key priorities. So let me start with our performance in the quarter. We grew global volume in both snacks and beverages, which, combined with strong pricing, drove net revenue growth of 9%, excluding Wimm-Bill-Dann. Our global nutrition portfolio, which is a subset of our snacks and beverage business, grew revenues 8%, excluding acquisitions. Core division profit was up 6%, and core EPS was up 7%. We are encouraged by these volume and revenue gains. We implemented incremental pricing actions in the quarter as planned, and the net pricing and volumes were in line with our expectations. As a company, we remain committed to our 5 strategic imperatives. So let me review our performance against each of them, starting with snacks. Global snacks volume rose 8%, and excluding Wimm-Bill-Dann, revenue increased 12% with steady growth coming from our larger, more developed markets and even faster growth in emerging markets. In our largest snack business, Frito-Lay North America, we delivered 4% revenue growth and 6% operating profit growth on a 1% volume gain. We achieved positive price realization, largely as a result of the pricing actions we implemented, and we are pleased with the consumer response. It's a testament to the strength of Frito-Lay's brands and product portfolio and to the organization's ability to execute. In fact, we delivered top line growth in most of our largest snack brands. Lay's, Doritos, Cheetos and Ruffles each posted solid revenue growth, driven by strong core innovation. And our growth in our potato chips business, in particular, is worth a comment. This segment grew net revenue mid-single digits on the strength of our Ruffles Bold flavors sub-line and Lay's Kettle innovation. Lay's Kettle revenue was up over 20% in the quarter, and year-to-date, we outperformed all other kettle competitors in both volume and value share growth. Our performance across channels is well balanced, with growth both in retail and food service channels. Within retail, small format performance was especially good with mid-single digit volume and revenue growth in our single-serve packages. Our growth in C&G has been driven by innovation, where we have 6 of the top 7 new food items in the channel. I'm proud to note Frito-Lay's 50th anniversary in business. The company was founded in 1961 through the merger of the Frito Company and the H.W. Lay Company (sic) [H.W. Lay & Company]. At the time, we had 4 brands with combined sales of just over $100 million. Today, we've grown to be a $30 billion global leader in snacks with 7 billion-dollar snack brands and the #1 global food brand, Lay's. So we're very proud of this business. Turning to international snacks. We increased snacks volume in 8 of our top 10 international snack markets and delivered double-digit revenue growth in 19 of our top 20 snack markets, with especially strong performance in emerging markets. Specifically in the quarter, China snacks volume grew 31%. India grew 26%. Saudi Arabia grew 24%. Egypt was up 15%, and Turkey grew 22%. And in Russia, excluding the Wimm-Bill-Dann impact, snacks revenue has grown more than 70% over the past 2 years. It's clear that innovation is fueling our international snack growth. For example, in the United Kingdom, we've had the biggest category launch in 10 years behind Walkers Crinkles, a savory, rich potato chip, which has already achieved 25% household penetration. In Turkey, our new products include Lay's olive oil and Ruffles Burger King flavor, which is part of a broad innovation effort to drive incremental sales through broader variety. And in China, we've expanded our Lay's brand portfolio by launching a new multigrain snack line in popular local flavors like chili pecan and spring onion. So I think we've delivered good results against our goal to build and expand our macro snacks portfolio. Let me turn now to global beverages. We delivered 4% volume growth and, excluding Wimm-Bill-Dann, 6% revenue growth. We achieved strong net price realization, largely through pricing actions to partially offset commodity inflation. Top line growth was well balanced across markets. We achieved volume and revenue growth in both our developed markets and emerging markets. Emerging markets growth continues to be generally strong, as we drive both penetration frequency through investments in our go-to-market systems and a focus on providing affordable options for consumers. Across many of our emerging markets, we saw double-digit beverage volume gains. Just to mention a few, India grew volume 19%, Turkey grew 16%, Saudi Arabia grew 12%. And in China, we delivered double-digit revenue growth and very strong unit growth behind our introduction of a value-oriented 500 ml package, which largely replaced our 600 ml offering in that market. And our developed markets as a group also achieved steady volume and revenue growth in beverages. So let me comment briefly on North America, where we are making good progress on a number of our highest priorities. First, we gained LRB volume share in the United States in the quarter, and we remained the LRB share leader in measured channels. Second, we've largely completed the integration of PBG and PAS into PepsiCo. We've achieved synergies above our original targets and ahead of schedule. Importantly, we have not had any disruptions to the business as a result of the integration. Third, our strategic restages of Gatorade and Tropicana have shown good results, and the performance of these 2 key trademarks gives us confidence that we're moving in the right direction. Let me talk of Tropicana. Two key points: we've completed our national introduction of the carafe packaging that our consumers prefer, and our low-calorie natural-sweetened Trop50 line continues to perform exceedingly well. Based on the strong customer and consumer response to Trop50, weve expanded the line to include apple, lemonade, pomegranate, blueberry, pineapple mango and raspberry lemonade. The Trop50 line grew volume 50% in the quarter, and that's on top of the 37% growth we had in the third quarter last year. We are selling everything we can make, and that's a good challenge for us to meet. Gatorade continues to perform very well with volume up 9% in the quarter, lapping 15% growth last year. And all elements of the Gatorade plan are contributing to growth. Our refocus on the core athlete consumer, the brand restage to G, the introduction of G Series, our expansion to the FIT and Pro line, and our transition of go-to-market for small formats to DSD. If you're closely following the late rounds of the Major League Baseball playoffs and the early weeks of the NFL season, I'm sure you've seen our ubiquitous dugout and sideline presence. The net result of our efforts in the quarter and year-to-date is that Gatorade has delivered the greatest absolute volume growth of any trademark in the U.S. liquid refreshment beverage category. Turning to CSDs. We are pushing forward with our aggressive game plan to engage consumers through innovation, marketing and value and, at the same time, navigating high-input cost inflation. Our innovation and marketing programs are focused directly on our big trademarks: Pepsi, Mountain Dew and Sierra Mist. For example, Pepsi's marketing partnership with the X Factor kicked off with the show's premiere on September 21, driving high levels of consumer awareness for trademark Pepsi, while it reinforces Pepsi's strong emotional ties to music and pop culture. X Factor has been particularly effective in creating highly positive social media buzz for the Pepsi brand. And we are making progress with our other CSD initiatives as well. Pepsi Max continues to perform well with volume nearly doubling over 2 years behind our message of 0-calorie maximum Pepsi taste. We've launched Mountain Dew Game Fuel as a limited time offering. And together with Doritos, we are partnering with Activision on their introduction of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, which is expected to be the biggest entertainment launch ever. We're using price/pack architecture to more effectively target locations, consumer cohorts and channel opportunities. In large-format channels, we have reached national distribution of our new value-oriented 1.5-liter PET take-home package. And in the cold channel, we have a broad package lineup including 16-ounce, 20-ounce and 1-liter packages to address a variety of consumer price points and occasion needs. And as I mentioned earlier, we implemented pricing actions broadly across CSDs in the third quarter, above the industry average based on syndicated retail data, and we did this to help partially offset commodity inflation. So in beverages, do we have more work to do in North America beverages? Yes, we do. This is a competitive business in a tough environment, and there are no quick fixes. We're intensely working away at it, and we're approaching it deliberately and sustainably. Our third plan is to grow our nutrition business. Our nutrition products grew net revenue 8%, excluding acquisitions. Our growth is coming from the success of Gatorade and the Tropicana initiatives I mentioned earlier and from strong Quaker international growth. In addition, our dairy platform continues to perform very well, notably in Russia through the Wimm-Bill-Dann business, and in the Middle East through our joint venture with Almarai. Our fourth plank is to unleash the power of Power of One. Over the past few months, our Power of One initiative has been the topic of speculation, largely fueled by a number of high-profile corporate split-ups. I firmly believe that PepsiCo's value is maximized as one company. It was created as an integrated snack and beverage business, and its success is tied to this combination. This has been true in the past and will remain in the future. So allow me to explain. In many international markets, we build an extended scale of our overall business with beverages by ourselves and with our franchise partners. Our snacks businesses in these markets then follow well, whether through greenfield or acquisition, benefiting from our beverage scale. Our beverage scale also allows us to attract great talent, makes us highly relevant to retailers and gives us visibility to consumers and other important local constituents. Outside the Americas, our beverage and snack leadership is comprised of one team, and deeper into the organization, talent flows seamlessly between snacks and beverages. In fact, in some countries, we have very fully integrated snack and beverage business models with snack and beverage products carried on the same route truck. Let me now turn to the Americas and focus particularly on Power of One in North America. To understand how we operate in North America, it's best to look at all elements of our value chain across snacks and beverages. In our back office operations, we have shared services across accounting, transaction processing, call centers, IT. In R&D, we have synergies across multiple platforms, including flavorings, packaging, environmental initiatives. And in procurement, we have one global center of excellence with deep capability. In sales, we align with our key customers' strategic priorities by executing on top-to-top summits and joint innovation calls that utilize our full portfolio to share unique shopper and consumer insights and provide cross-category product and merchandising solutions. And in go-to-market, we are piloting promising in-store merchandising models, designed to reduce out-of-stocks in high-volume stores. Even in those areas where we find the benefits of focus to outweigh scale, like many manufacturing and marketing, we're able to realize the Power of One benefit by sharing best practices and the transfer of ideas and talent between these 2 businesses. So in North America, we are already realizing some of the potential of Power of One, and we'll continue to deliberately and systematically pursue every opportunity area to realize its full potential as we go forward. Net-net, PepsiCo is an integrated company with 2 highly focused and complementary businesses: snacks and beverages, with the nutrition business nested within these 2 segments. It is simply a clean, focused company that derives its strength from a world-class snacks business, augmented by a geographically diverse, iconic, profitable beverage business. Our success is absolutely linked to the Power of One. So with that, let me turn the call over to Hugh to cover our fifth slide, prudent financial management. Hugh?
Hugh F. Johnston: Great. Thanks, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Let me comment on our financials for the quarter and our outlook. Core EPS was up 7% in the quarter, reflecting 6% core division operating profit growth, and approximately 1 point of corporate leverage. Core division operating profit growth was driven by strong top line growth. We had good net price realization in the quarter across our businesses, as we took incremental pricing on top of this year's earlier pricing actions to partially offset commodity inflation. As you know, commodity inflation has ramped up as we moved in the second half of the year as we expected, so some of the incremental pricing is simply offsetting the incremental inflation. In addition, we experienced the reversal of the concentrate shipment timing benefits that we experienced in the second quarter. These items negatively impacted Europe's and EMEA's operating profit by about 4 and 9 percentage points in the quarter, respectively. As a consequence, operating margins compressed somewhat in the third quarter as we anticipated. Below the core division operating profit line, we had some deleverage from corporate unallocated costs, where we were lapping a gain in the prior year of approximately $60 million related to our post-retirement benefits program. The tax rate in the quarter was lower year-on-year based on an adjustment to our estimate of geographic profit mix, and our fully diluted share count for the quarter was approximately 1% lower year-on-year, reflecting the impact of our share repurchases. Net, the impact below the division operating profit line of lapping the gain in corporate costs, the lower tax rate and the reduced share count provided approximately 1 point of core EPS leverage. Now let me comment briefly on pricing. Our third quarter pricing actions were implemented as planned, and the elasticities we've observed so far are largely in line with what we'd modeled. Looking now to the fourth quarter, we've reaffirmed our full year target for high single-digit core EPS growth on a 52-week U.S. dollar basis. Our outlook for commodities for the balance of year has not changed since the time we spoke to you on the Q2 call, and that's because by mid-year, we had the full calendar year substantially locked in through our hedging programs. The magnitude of commodity inflation ramps up consecutively from Q3 to Q4, and we have incremental pricing planned in the fourth quarter to partially offset the incremental inflation. In part, our Q4 net price realization will be driven by recognizing a full quarter's impact of the actions we took mid-Q3, and we're also considering some incremental actions for Q4. Currency will not provide the full year benefit we anticipated on the Q2 call, given the recent strength of the U.S. dollar, and for that reason, we've called down our estimate of the full year FX benefit from 2 points for the full year to 1 point for the full year. On share repurchases, we're on track to achieve our share repurchase target of $2.5 billion for the full year with over 1.9 billion in share repurchases completed year-to-date through the third quarter. Now looking ahead, here's what we'll be focusing on for the balance of year. First, we're going to continue to support our brand building and consumer-facing initiatives. With the pricing we've put in the market, it's more important than ever to clearly communicate the value of our brands and to keep our consumers engaged in our products and categories. Second, we're staying committed to our emerging markets initiatives, especially those extending our go-to-market reach and increasing our level of consumer engagement. Third, we'll continue to carefully balance pricing and value as we manage through commodity inflation. We're doing this through pricing, price/pack architecture and providing products that appeal to the broad consumer spectrum from the value-conscious through premium seekers. And finally, we're accelerating and intensifying our productivity agenda across our entire compressible cost structure. We're reducing packaging costs, energy use, empty miles, to name a few, systematically taking out costs that do not detract from our customers or consumers' experience with us. We're making progress here, but we believe there's still lots of opportunity to do more. Looking further out, I know many of you are interested in hearing our outlook for 2012. We're right now in the process of finalizing our plans, which will occur over the next few weeks. We plan to get back to you by conference call in early December once our plans are finalized to review our outlook with you. This will include a game plan for 2012 and our views on commodity costs, investments, productivity programs and foreign exchange. Now we're happy to move on and take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can we just talk about Russia a bit? I think you mentioned it was up 70% over the last 2 years. Can you maybe comment on how Russia's done a bit more recently? And then also with how much you've invested in that market over the last few years, it sounds like you may have withdrawn some television advertising through the end of the year. So if you could just talk about some of the context on that decision.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, we have Zein Abdalla here, Kaumil, and he stands ready to answer your questions. Go ahead, Zein.
Zein Abdalla: Kaumil, look, it's always an absolute pleasure to talk about Russia. As you know, it's one of our largest businesses globally and a market that we really believe has an enormous long-term potential. The fundamentals in Russia are very strong. It's one of the countries that has got, I think, a very robust set of economic indicators, low debt ratios, good foreign exchange reserves and strong and, obviously, continuous leadership. Now, nonetheless, it has gone through some short-term challenges, as we've seen how commodity inflation and disposable incomes have challenged some of the consumer markets. And also, Russia has experienced some of its own local inflation. If you'll all recollect in 2010, they experienced a very hot summer that had a detrimental impact on their agricultural programs, and certainly, things like wheat and potato cost, and basic commodities went up quite radically in terms of price. But against that backdrop, I have to say we're delighted with the performance of our business, competitively, very strong. We've continued to manage our pricing carefully to protect gross margins and to continue to drive revenue growth. And that's across all of the diverse categories in which we operate. Now, clearly, there will be a few more challenging months still ahead in Russia, and this is where scale of your operating business and the strength of your operating businesses really, really counts. At more than 2x the scale of our nearest competitor, with this very diverse operating model across a diverse set of categories and really just a tremendous Power of One model, both in terms of the supply chain that we operate across that geography, the strength of our go-to-market systems, both in traditional trade and organized trade. So yes, a very strong performance competitively in Russia. Now let me just turn to the comment you made about advertising. I mean, clearly, in these type of volatile conditions and in a developing market, one of the key things is stay agile with where you make your investments. We've continued to make investments in Russia, but we have emphasized in our investments in go-to-market systems and our selling capability. We've expanded significantly the number of routes in 2011. Weve put more than 250 new routes to support that very broad-based business. We've continued to invest very strongly in coolers and racks because driving our single-serve business, driving our traditional-trade business and having a platform to leverage all of those categories across is critical to our long-term future. So we're pleased both with the short-term performance. We are maintaining investment, but a slightly different emphasis in the shape of that investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Hugh, I know you're not giving specific guidance on 2012, but can you at least talk conceptually about some of the puts and takes as you look out to 2012 in terms of consumer demand and commodities?
Hugh F. Johnston: Dara, I appreciate the question. And of course, there's desire to hear it right now. But I think to get into any level of specificity that would be helpful to you in 2012 is just simply premature. With the commodities markets as volatile as they are, with the economies as volatile as they are, to start getting into where we might go, I think, would probably just -- it's too early as we sit in mid-October. The things I would say are -- and as we think about not just 2012 but Q4 as well, the things we clearly need to do are, number one, we clearly need to ensure that our brands are sharply defined and well supported; we need to make sure that our pricing is competitive; we need to make sure that our innovation is well supportive; and to fund all of that, we need to be sure that we absolutely max out on productivity. So when you talk about what are the things that we're working on, it's truly working on those things. And if we do those things successfully, I'm confident we'll win in the marketplace, and we'll win financially, and investors will be well-rewarded for it.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then you talked about potentially taking some additional pricing in Q4. Can you give us some more detail there? Is that focused more in beverages or snacks or both areas? And from a geographic standpoint, would it be more focused on the U.S. or potentially also international too?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, it's really the things that we've talked about up to now. So the Gatorade pricing, of course, is going in, in Q4. The single-serve pricing in Frito-Lay is going in, in Q4. And then there are some select areas internationally where we're pricing. But by and large, even by now, it's in the marketplace pretty much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Was wondering if you could sort of go through by the divisions and talk about the elasticities. It sounded like when you presented at the Barclay's Back-to-School Conference back in September that you were more concerned about the elasticities, and that didn't show up as much as I think maybe I had feared in the volumes. So can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your different divisions, particularly in North America?
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, John, I'd be happy to. Up at Barclays, John Compton and I were both there and what we had talked about in the snack world was we thought at the time that the elasticities were a little bit -- were shallow or that consumer response was a little bit stronger than we had expected on large bag. And we've sharpened some of our price points and some of our promotional strategies in order to address that. Single-serve, on the other hand, which has gone into the market more recently, and we hadn't talked about that up at Barclays, we've actually -- and it's early days, but we've actually seen that pricing stick well. In fact, if anything, the elasticities have been a little bit more favorable to us than we'd expected. Beverages, as you know, and particularly, in North America is a complex evaluation because there's category elasticity as well as cross-competitive elasticity. I think we're, at this point, seeing that as we've gotten through kind of the initial period of pricing, I think we've seen the elasticity settle in about where we expected. From an international perspective, I don't think there have been any particular surprises. The comments that we made up at Barclays were probably more North America oriented. So I think we've gotten to a point now where the pricing is reasonably settled in. Of course, in beverages, it's a competitive marketplace, and we'll always have to address that as a part of managing the business.
Indra K. Nooyi: John, I just want to add one more thing. I think the level of pricing were taking in the marketplace puts us in uncharted territory. We haven't had this amount of pricing in a long time, and so I think pricing actions require courage. You've got to stick with the pricing actions and let it stick and not let any short-term share changes disrupt your long-term direction. And so our experience is that when you put in place significant pricing actions, it takes several periods before it takes root. And as leaders in many of the categories, we just have to have the courage to stick it out. And that interim period may be uncertain, but where weve stuck it out, we've actually seen positive benefits that accrue to us from the pricing actions.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And so as we look out, you talked about taking even more pricing as we look out into the fourth quarter. So should we expect another tick down into the volume? Any sort of -- any thoughts as we look out sequentially there? Or do you feel like okay, the pricings going through pretty well, and there's not big impacts incrementally from the next round?
Hugh F. Johnston: Well, it's always tough to project where competition is going on that. Obviously, that has an impact as well. But I feel like we've gotten the pricing reasonably burned in. I think what we're doing right now with Gatorade and with single-serve on Frito-Lay is working pretty well. So I think we feel pretty comfortable with what we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlos LaBoy with Crdit Suisse.
Carlos A. LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Indra, you have Gatorade and juice marketers that surely want more funding, and you have newly hired soft drink marketers that need funding to close competitive gaps and to win. Do you have enough efficiency and cost reductions identified to fund the step-ups that are necessary for these marketers to win and still hit the long-term guidance? And similarly, do you also have enough funding sources identified to step up the U.S. marketing programs that you like internationally?
Indra K. Nooyi: Carlos, I think Hugh touched on this when he answered one of the earlier questions. One of the things we do is we focus a lot on productivity, and we look at every aspect of the cost structure of the company. We look to see where we can take out layers or inefficiencies, make the company more agile, more flexible. And in making the company more productive, we take these productivity savings and then we use some of it to cover commodity costs, and the rest of it goes into investments. But the priority is investments in the brands and driving innovation and making sure our businesses are well supported first, and then it is on covering commodities. And that's the game that -- Hugh outlined that we want to play going forward, and that's what we're focused on right now. As you look at our North American beverage brands, Gatorade needed immediate attention about 3, 3.5 years ago, and that's where we started. We put the money, we put the effort behind it with enormous success. Then we went to work on Tropicana, again, success. We went to work on Pepsi Max. We went to work on Sierra Mist. We bolstered Mountain Dew. And every one of these, deliberately invested behind in a very difficult environment, is yielding results. Our next effort is to focus on brand Pepsi and to keep all of the other initiatives we're doing going. So I think we are focused on the right things. And as a company, we are focused on unleashing enough productivity to put back into the brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Pecoriello with Consumer Edge.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Indra, I'm just trying to -- so you've been talking about -- when you think about the consumer environment, competitive environment, retail environment, both in snack and beverages, you're talking about -- elasticities have been in line and some sharpening of the price points. But also the need to properly fund the brands, remain price competitive. So when you assess the spending behind the brands, both to snacks and beverages, are you talking about here kind of tweaking and sharpening versus really, say, there needs to be a step-up and we need to both really step up the productivity and really step up the support, given the difficult consumer competitive retail landscape that's out there? Just trying to get a feel of the magnitude. Is this tweaking and sharpening or more of a step-up that's needed on both fronts, given that difficult environment?
Indra K. Nooyi: Bill, as Hugh mentioned in his opening comments, we're going to be back to you in early December to give you a fuller picture of what we intend to do in 2012 and going forward. It's too early because we're still trying to see where commodity costs are going to settle down, what the economic environment is going to look like, how much of the pricing is going to stick, how much more we can take. So as we sort all of that out, and that in large part drives the room left for investments, what our productivity programs are. Just hang tight for the next 6 to 8 weeks. Were going to be back in the first week in December, and we'll give you a full picture based on much better information in the environment because our actions are in large part dictated by what happens in the environment also. We cannot operate independent of that. So first week in December, I look forward -- we all look forward to a robust conversation with all of you.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Great. And just one follow-up. In terms of the fourth quarter, you had mentioned on the last conference call, the pricing was going in, uncertain how much had to be spent back, your reiteration of guidance. You feel that with the elasticities, the level of spend back and promotion between now and year end is within your expectations, or is it being offset elsewhere in the portfolio, or largely, the promotional spend back has been in line?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Bill. Obviously, we feel comfortable when we reiterate that weve got it captured. As I mentioned earlier, we've certainly sharpened some of our promotional strategies within Frito. But when we add up the aggregate of pricing, productivity, consumer response to the pricing, we feel comfortable overall that the equation hangs together.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Indra, a question on North America as we think of the strategy in beverages looking forward. Could you give us an update about how you think the business stands in terms of the price/pack positioning today versus what it might be in light of consumer needs? And then, secondly, as you think about Power of One, how is that in any way preventing or aiding even your ability to work with other suppliers beyond snacks to promote your beverage brands?
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me start with the second one then come to the first one. I think on Power of One, beverage into snacks works very well together now with John Compton leading the Power of One Council and with Al Carey running beverages. Al Carey was the father of Power of One, which started 12 years ago. And now with Al Carey running Pepsi Americas beverages, I think you're going to see a level of cooperation and idea generation that's going to be quite impressive. So I remain very, very optimistic about Power of One now beginning to start driving the top line even more than it used to before. Doesn't stop us from working with other people. I'm going to have John talk about that because with a lot of our customers, we do Power of One programs, which cover multiple categories. So John, do you want to touch on Power of One with other categories and whether our beverages and snacks prevents you from working with anybody else?
John C. Compton: Yes, Indra and Mark, within consumer packaged goods, I think we're best suited to work with ourselves in terms of food and beverage product because we haven't fully tapped that potential out. Clearly, there are other related categories that make these holidays stronger for the retailer that we can bundle with. And to your point, Indra, having Al running the beverage business and now Tom Greco, who also worked in the Power of One center in the past, working together across North America, where you'll see us beginning in Q1 begin to unleash, I think, some new benefits behind Power of One. Customer, channel, consumer promotion and looking at ideas that can grow horizontally, paying off a consumer benefit from snacks to beverages.
Indra K. Nooyi: But you've also worked with many other retailer products. Game Time included multiple products...
John C. Compton: Multiple products.
Indra K. Nooyi: So again, it's retailer specific. You don't do it on a blanket basis. But there are multiple retailer specific programs we do, which cover multiple categories. And so -- and they've all been very successful. So Power of One, I think, is the unique differentiator for PepsiCo. We are an integrated snack and beverage company, and so that's what we are. Let me talk a bit about North America. The North American beverage business is a terrific business and a tough business, the 2 Ts. And I'd say that it's a business, which is large. We are the largest liquid refreshment beverage player. We have 23, 24 share of this LRB market, and we have leadership brands in this business. This business has also, for many, many years, been one where it's very profitable, but the profit pool has not grown. Between the bottlers and the franchise company, the profit pool has not grown as much as it needs to, and that's been the challenge for this business because it's a repertoire category. There's no clear demarcation between each business. It's a repertoire category, and how you play this business between the 2 or 3 big players and with the pure plays determines how you perform quarter in and quarter out. From PepsiCo's perspective, I think that especially in the period about 2004 to 2006, I think we hit the volume pedal a little too much when we perhaps could have invested more in the brands. And then we went into this tremendous economic downturn, and now, what we are looking at since about 2007, how do we take each of our brands and make sure they're supported correctly and we are driving them to remain the leaders in their categories? We started with Gatorade, tremendous success; Tropicana, success. We are now beginning to work on Sierra Mist, which again is now growing. Pepsi Max doubled in size. We started to invest behind Diet Pepsi, trademark Pepsi, Lipton Tea. Brand by brand, we're beginning to work on brand investments. And along with brand investments, given the new economic realities, we are beginning to think about creative ways to implement revenue management and price/pack without creating a problem with retailers, with consumers trading down, because we have to make sure that any price/pack architecture we do makes -- keeps the retailer whole. So this is not an easy one to just put in new packaging. We have to work very carefully with retailers to make sure there's no trade down in the category. So we are working through all of these strategies as we speak. And the good news is that we are seeing success when we invest behind the brand, when we focus on execution. We're seeing success in each of the brands and their performance. But this category's so big, it has so many brands and so many categories, you can't try to address all the businesses in one broad brush. So I think it's a deliberate sustainable strategy, Mark. And we're feeling cautiously optimistic about where we are headed in this North American beverage business.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great. And if I could, on one follow-up, could you speak -- could you just build on what you said, Indra, there, specifically, as it relates to the convenience channel, that concern about consumers trading down, but that interest in improving revenue management?
Indra K. Nooyi: Again, I think every time you put a package -- and remember, the 20-ounce single serve package is a fantastic package in convenience stores. It's a great value. We sell a lot of it, and we are -- convenience stores is a channel that we love. In fact, I think, John, you were showing a number we'd said in year-to-date...
John C. Compton: 11 out of the 15.
Indra K. Nooyi: 11 out of the 15 top products in convenience stores are PepsiCo products. So this is a very -- it's a wonderful channel. It's still growing. Even in this economic situation, it's growing because the up-and-down-the-street consumer is still using soft drinks and snacks as their moment of pleasure. So we like this business a lot. We have to make sure that we don't trade down volume, or we don't trade down packages, which make consumers go to a different package size without getting the appropriate value benefit from that. So we are looking through what's the right package to give consumers enough beverage to drink at a price that delivers unbeatable value to the consumer. And we're doing it in beverages. But more importantly, we're looking at doing it in a bundled way between snacks and beverages, so the consumer can go into the store and get a phenomenal PepsiCo beverage and a Frito-Lay snack at a combined price that generates enormous value to the consumer rather than just go head-to-head on beverage.
John C. Compton: Mark, I'll add one point to the -- it's nice to have 11 out of the 15 top new items in the C&G channel, but that led PepsiCo to be the largest dollar growth contributor to the channel. So we are very important to the C&G store business, and they're pleased with our growth year-to-date.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask about Frito-Lay North America. It sounds like the unmeasured channel performance is much stronger than what we're seeing in the measured channel data, so maybe a little bit more color around sort of the unmeasured channel performance. And John, maybe just talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics that you're seeing in the marketplace. You've talked about sharpening the promotional price points. But in the measured channel data, at least you're starting to see the gap widening again versus some of the smaller players. Is that a concern? Is there more work to do just in terms of just tackling the competitive dynamics?
John C. Compton: Judy, thank you for the question. Let me start with the bigger picture first around what Frito-Lay does so well is we go where the consumer is shopping, and we've talked about low, medium and high-income consumers. And as you saw in our release, more than our -- more than normal of our growth came out of channels that are unmeasured. So the C-store channel, the club channel, the dollar channel. Those disproportionally drove growth for us this quarter. Within the "traditional measured channels," it is true that our share was down roughly about 1 point on dollar share. Most of that went to private label. And in this down economy, we chose not to price down to cover private label, okay? There is some growth in sort of higher income products that we are going to address in Q4 going forward. And you'll see that when I do the Back-to-School Conference coming up in later this fall. So I'm pleased overall with the volume growth. I'm pleased that we're able to get the pricing through, and we remain as competitive as we've always been in terms of addressing market share.
Indra K. Nooyi: And Judy, I'd tell you, I've had the privilege of seeing Frito's innovation for next year, and it's phenomenal. So we feel good.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Hugh, just fourth quarter, obviously, you're sticking to the 27% tax rate for the full year. So sounds like the tax rate will ramp up in the fourth quarter, and then the corporate expenses, maybe it's not going to be up as much as what we saw in the third quarter. And then I'm just wondering about the impact of the 53rd week. I know your earnings guidance is really on a core 52-week basis, but is there some element of the -- having the 53rd week actually beneficial to looking at a 52-week numbers, because on the 53rd week, it's not as profitable?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So, Judy, 3 questions there. Let me take them one at a time. From the standpoint of the tax rate, you're right. We've said that we'll be approximately 27%, so that implies a higher tax rate in the fourth quarter. That's correct. Number two, you asked about the corporate expenses. From a growth standpoint, the numbers won't be as high because we're overlapping a big credit last year. From a run rate perspective, you can probably expect them to be reasonably consistent with what you've seen in the first 3 quarters. And then number three, in terms of the 53rd week, anything -- you're right. We talk on a 52-week basis, and anything that we would think about doing with the 53rd week, if we were going to do anything with that, we'd probably get back to you on the December call. So no news there to talk about on the 53rd week.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Dibadj with Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a little bit more about investments and elasticities because it looks like if you back out Latin America for this quarter at least, U.S. beverages was down something like 2%, and CSD is probably higher than that, given Gatorade, which has, longer term, been somewhat of a trend. So what do you really need to do longer term, and maybe your peers too, to see this trend abate? And you said in an earlier question that when you do focus on a business, when you do apply resources, then you show success, and I think that's been clear. But how many of those holes are there still to plug, particularly, given your drop in asset sales over the past several years at the company? And again, it's kind of a question of what's the right level of add to sales and price growth that, longer term, you need to deliver to show what you want from a volume perspective? And again, I'm not asking a 2012 question. So, hopefully, you don't use that as an excuse. Im asking a broader strategic question about the category and your positioning in it.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Ali, this is Hugh. That was certainly an impressive question. Let me try to parse it and address some of the pieces. You talked about CSDs, and obviously, CSDs are an important part of our portfolio. But keep in mind, we do play an LRB game, and that's -- we've been doing that for more than a decade. We were certainly the first to go and do that. But undeniably, CSDs are an important category. So what do we need to do in CSDs? Obviously, we've got a price to be competitive. And in doing that, we've got to balance commodity costs, we've got to balance consumer, and we've got to balance input -- commodity cost, consumer and competitor. Those are the 3 pieces that we balance in dealing with that. In doing that, we also need to make sure that our brands are sharply defined, and we need to make sure that our innovation is very strong. The category, obviously, it's a challenging category. Clearly, anyone that looks at the numbers can see that, and that's true for the broad category. I'm not just speaking of PepsiCo's business. Now what are the things that we've tried to do for the long run? The long run in consumer categories always comes back to innovation, and the thing that we've obviously done is we've innovated from a flavors perspective to drive some level of incremental growth. We've innovated from a branding perspective in order to create interesting positioning for consumers. And then as we've discussed in the past, we're innovating from a sweetener perspective, which we do think is a meaningful unlock in the category, and we've gone down a couple of paths with that. First, around the newer sweeteners, such as stevia. And then, obviously, we got some relationships with flavor-enhancer companies, which have enabled us to try products like Pepsi Max and to be able to do those things successfully. So I think in terms of CSDs and, for that matter, the broader LRB category, the key to being successful here is going to be making sure our pricing is competitive, making sure that our brands are very sharply defined and innovating on product over time to ensure that we actually can differentiate ourself clearly from competition. That's the strategy we're following, as Indra referenced on the script that we read earlier. We think we're successful in moving that agenda forward, but we also fully acknowledge that we've got more work to do on that, and that's what we'll -- we're going to continue to work at. We view it as a terrific business, and we view it as one that generates a lot of cash for shareholders that we feel very, very good about. So it's certainly one that we're going to continue to compete vigorously in.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So how much did that cost you?
Hugh F. Johnston: Sorry?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: How much does that cost?
Hugh F. Johnston: How much does it cost to do what?
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: To do all of that. So does margin compression kind of have to be an outcome of this? I mean, you've clearly increased investment pretty significantly again with successes, but you've increased the investment. So as you go forward for the categories you operate in and maybe disproportionally CSDs, is the investment return kind of getting worse as you go forward here and forever will be, I guess?
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, I don't think so. I think what we're trying to do right now -- and obviously, we're thinking about 2012. We're certainly assessing all of those things. One of the questions that was asked earlier on the call was around marketers looking for more money, and we feel very good about the marketing team we have. And listen, it's been my experience over 25 years that good marketers always ask for more money. It's tradition in effect. I think as we go through our planning process, we'll determine what we think are the right investments in order to generate competitive success, as well as to generate financial success. And to talk about 2012 and beyond at this point, it would probably just be a bit premature.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, Ali, I think the other thing too is I wouldn't separate out any costs and talk about what does it cost in North America, because investments we make in technology, Hugh talked about sweeteners, enhancers. I can talk about processing technologies that we're investing in to take down the cost of processing in all these products, apply across our global beverage portfolio. So some of these investments we are making are not just for North America. We've got to think of it as how can we drive the overall beverage business. So I think in the context of all of that, given the size and the profitability and the cash flow generation that we get from our North American beverage business and global beverages, we feel pretty good about where we're headed. And all that it takes is a couple of breakthroughs which, as I said in one of our earlier interactions, we are very, very close to these breakthroughs. It's always the last 5% or 10% that you've got to sweat the details on, which is what we are doing now. But when these do -- these breakthroughs do get commercialized, it's quite a breakthrough. And so we feel quite optimistic about the prospects for this business.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Just one quick one. It sounds also that you're a lot more optimistic, at least, versus what we've heard on pricing rationality in North America versus kind of the language that was in Q2. Is that a fair read, again, pricing rationality in the U.S. in particular versus your competitor?
Hugh F. Johnston: Ali, pricing is sort of a week-by-week, period-by-period thing in this business and particularly in the beverage business. So I think what we're saying is we feel comfortable that we're getting pricing in place, but we'll see what happens.
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me just summarize this call. We're encouraged by the balance of top line and bottom line performance in the quarter across snacks and beverages, and we are totally focused on and committed to our 5 key planks, and we're encouraged by the progress we're making on each of them. And as we said on our earlier comments, we'll come back to you in early December to provide our outlook for 2012. Thank you very much for your interest in our company and for your time this morning. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eric Foss - Chairman of Pepsi Bottling Group, Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Bottling Group and Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Beverages Company Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer John Compton - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Foods and Member of Liquid Refreshment Beverage Oversight Council
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Lauren Torres - HSBC Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thanks, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. Indra will lead off today's call with a review of our overall performance and outlook, and then he will cover the financial guidance in more detail. We'll then move on to Q&A where we'll be joined by John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods; and Eric Foss, CEO of Pepsi Beverages Company who's joining us by phone this morning. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements, including statements regarding 2011 guidance based on currently available information, and our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements.  Statements made on this conference call should be considered together with cautionary statements and other information contained in today's earnings release and in the most recent periodic reports filed with the SEC. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing PepsiCo's financial results, please refer to the investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentations tab.  Now, it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to give you my perspective on the quarter, share with you how we see the macro and consumer picture and then comment on our priorities and outlook for the balance of the year, including guidance.  We delivered good results in the quarter because reported EPS was up 20% and core EPS was up 10%. Our worldwide servings increased 6%, with global growth across our broad range of convenient food and beverage platform. We had solid global volume growth in both snacks and beverages. Snacks volume grew 10%, and beverages grew 5%.  And within that, the global nutrition portfolio grew revenue 10% on an organic basis. Net revenue was up 14% overall and 8% on an organic basis. I'm pleased that our global snacks performance was particularly strong. We had balanced top line and bottom line growth in our snacks business, with volume growth momentum accelerating from the first quarter.  Frito-Lay North America, our largest snacks business, had another very good quarter, with 2% volume growth, 3% net revenue growth and 6% operating profit growth. In fact, we saw positive performance in snacks in just about every one of our most important markets around the world.  We grew volume, revenue and profits in every one of our top 5 snacks markets. We're driving growth in developed markets by providing a wide array of innovative products, backed by strong commercial programs. And in emerging markets, we continue to grow per capita consumption frequency with locally-relevant products and then by expanding our distribution reach.  This is leading to double-digit volume growth across a number of markets. In the quarter, India grew 22%; China grew 25%; Turkey grew 24%; Saudi Arabia and Egypt each grew above 20%; South Africa grew in the high-teens; and Brazil grew in double digits. Now to beverages. The international market performance was very good. We saw volume outside of North America grow 4.5% in the quarter and 5% in the first half on an organic basis, again with gains across many markets and double-digit growth in key emerging and developing markets.  China beverage volume grew 13% in the quarter; India grew 17%; Turkey was up 15%; Saudi Arabia was up 17%; Vietnam was up 11%; France is up 12%; Germany, 15%. And at the same time we are seeing carbonated soft drink volume and value share gains across a number of these important markets. This growth is being driven by innovation and by the traction we are getting from our brand-building initiatives. The growth in key emerging markets like China and Russia is coming directly from the actions we've taken to build out our go-to-market reach and capacity. We are off to a good start with the Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisition in Europe. I am pleased with the progress, and I am monitoring it very closely. The Wimm-Bill-Dann management team and associates, who are now part of PepsiCo, are top-notch. The integration is right on track. And we are confident we'll achieve the synergies as originally planned, and the fundamental operating performance of Wimm-Bill-Dann has been rock solid. Further, majority of the portfolio is performing very well.  Now let me turn to PepsiAmericas Beverages and the North American beverage category in particular. In a difficult category environment, we are encouraged by a number of positives in the business. We are maintaining our focus on Pepsi Max and Sierra Mist with good results. Both Max and Mist grew in the quarter, with Max volume more than doubling compared to the prior year. And we have terrific programming against brand Pepsi for the remainder of the year, including the current Summertime is Pepsi Time campaign. And later this quarter, our sponsorship of the X-Factor kicks into high gear.  Gatorade had another strong quarter of strong growth. And the results from the C&G channel, where we're benefiting from our move to direct store delivery earlier this year, were especially strong. And Trop50 continues to perform very well, with volume up 40%, supported by the new Trop packaging and expanding the line with new flavors. Taken together, the positive signs we're seeing in the brands we have innovated and executed strong marketing programs give us confidence that our brand-building initiatives are beginning to pay off. However, the operating and financial performance in North America beverages was below our expectations for the quarter, and let me take you to the drivers and address what's going on here. As we knew we would, we had exceptionally high levels of commodity inflation. That said, it's the consumer and competitive picture that's become more difficult than we expected. Consumer category demand was lower than we anticipated because overall retail foot traffic and basket sizes have declined, and the category pricing environment was tough. These factors led to lower-than-expected price realization and a delay in some of our planned pricing actions.  As a consequence, our North America operating profit performance for the quarter was impacted. However, our analysis shows that our North American profit growth for the first half compared favorably with that of our primary beverage competitor on a pro forma basis. Of the 3 factors impacting North America beverages: inflation, consumer demand and pricing, the consumer demand picture is the most concerning to us at this point. In fact, the modest pickup in total consumer spending almost all U.S. businesses saw earlier in the year has reversed in the past several months. And the general consumer weakness is driving reduced traffic in key retail channels.  These factors are going to impact the discretionary categories like beverages, where we all know, consumers have non-packaged alternatives. And because beverages are also an impulse-driven category, the reduced traffic is also having an effect. Given the reduced retail traffic, the fact that Frito-Lay North America continues to perform well in this environment speaks to the relatively high resilience of salty snacks and the strength of the Frito franchise. In developing and emerging markets the growth picture is brighter. In most of the emerging and developing markets, we are still seeing healthy GDP growth. But global commodity inflation is pushing our food inflation in these markets, and wages in the short term are not keeping pace. The disposable income and consumer discretionary spending is under some pressure.  So as we operate in this environment, we are focused on a few very important guiding principles. First, we'll continue to support our brand-building and other consumer-facing initiatives. Given the stress that many consumers are under, and the fact that we're putting more pricing in the market, it's more important than ever to communicate the value of our brands to our consumers to keep them engaged in our brands and our categories. You will continue to see us on air and using digital media to stay top of mind with our consumers and keep them engaged.  Second, we are staying committed to our emerging market initiatives to expand our go-to-market reach because emerging markets growth appears to be holding up, and we want to maintain the momentum we have by strengthening our franchises in these important growth markets. Third, in principle, we will try to cover as much of the commodity inflation as we can. As a disciplined operating company, it's critical that over time we've tried to cover our costs. This applies in both developed and emerging markets. So we are taking more pricing across all of our businesses. In the case of North American beverages, our pricing actions have been communicated to our customers, and pricing actions went into the market beginning July 11.  Fourth, as we deal with many consumers' sensitivity to affordability given their limited disposable incomes, we are using every tool we have at our disposal, including price/pack architecture and efficient targeted promotions to continue to provide value to the consumer. We've done a rigorous review of our portfolio to make sure we have established price points that appeal to the more value-sensitive consumer. For example, in the U.S. this includes the 1.5-liter take-home pack and the 16-ounce PET bottle in the cold channel in beverages.  On the snacks side, we have expanded our $2 monthly-served value line with encouraging results. And we're going to continue to put the power of our portfolio to work by executing cross-brand promotions to increase value to the consumer, to motivate higher verticals in total.  Fifth, we are focusing on premium innovation to help mitigate the cost and pricing challenges. Higher-income consumers are in better shape financially and are less price-sensitive. So it's important we maintain a focus on them. We are driving growth in our premium products like our Tostitos Artisan, where unique flavor, texture and taste command higher revenue per pound, or products like the G series, which captures new high revenue and marginal cases for Gatorade.  And finally, we're accelerating and intensifying all our productivity initiatives that can have a positive outcome on both this year and upcoming year's financial performance with focus across the entire compressible cost structure. But as you all well know, we're going to have to deal with the uncertainty in the months to come, and this applies to all CPG companies, I believe, so we are not alone in this. Many companies have recently announced pricing actions, and this will further complicate the consumer outlook and the competitive environment. Understanding how all these impacts demand elasticity, both within categories and across categories, would require careful monitoring and adjustment. Taking these 3 issues into consideration, the uncertain macros and inflation, the immediate actions we are taking to mitigate them and our commitment to continue to support our strategic initiatives, we've updated our financial outlook for the year. We announced our updated outlook in this morning's release, and Hugh will discuss the guidance in more detail in just a minute.  But before I hand it off to Hugh, I want to be clear about my enthusiasm for the performance and potential of our portfolio. There are so many good signs that our plans are aimed correctly. I believe our global volume and revenue growth in the quarter is a good reflection of our portfolio's strength. We remain absolutely committed to leading this great company on a path that effectively addresses the current uncertainty and at the same time, strengthens the long-term health of our business and company.  Thanks, and I look forward to our discussion in the Q&A after Hugh's remarks. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Thanks, Indra. I'll start with guidance.  We communicated updated guidance for 2011 in our release this morning. Our updated guidance targets high-single digit EPS growth on a core 52-week basis. Let me highlight the key underlying changes.  First, the new guidance of high-single digits is on a U.S. dollar basis. Our previous guidance of 7% to 8% was on a constant currency basis. Second, while the currency neutral growth under our previous guidance was 7% to 8%, our new guidance would imply 5% to 7% currency neutral growth as we expect 2 percentage points of ForEx benefit for the year.  So let me address why we made the change. First, our primary beverage competitor is benefiting from significant ForEx tailwinds. This gives them a lot of competitive flexibility, and it isn't logical for us to hold ourselves to a constant currency standard that our primary competitor isn't using.  Second, the commodities environment has been quite challenging this year, and our commodities forecast is a headwind that has moved to the high end of our range. These commodities have appreciated in part due to the depreciation of the U.S. dollar.  Our international earnings, on the other hand, benefit from U.S. dollar depreciation when they are converted, but we don't get that benefit when we measure our performance on a constant currency basis. The combination of these 2 items actually causes ForEx to be a performance drag on PepsiCo results under our old constant currency measurement.  Finally, as Indra mentioned, we, along with a number of other CPGs, have announced price increases for the back half of the year and are doing so in a relatively weak U.S. consumer environment. While we're implementing this pricing, which we began to do on July 11, we'll also need to gauge the consumer reaction in this uncertain environment and make adjustments accordingly.  As such, predicting the ultimate pricing realization for the back half of 2011 is more challenging than it would be in a more stable consumer environment. I expect that we might have some questions on guidance later, but thought it would be useful to provide this context before we engage in a discussion.  Because Indra has covered many of the operating trends in our business, I'll comment briefly on the below-the-line items for the quarter. Our tax rate for the quarter came in better than expected, driven largely by recognition of tax benefits in our international business. These were anticipated in our full year guidance, but were realized earlier in the year than we had previously anticipated. Consequently, our Q2 tax rate was lower than we had expected but our full year outlook remains unchanged at approximately 27%.  On share repurchases, year-to-date, we repurchased approximately $750 million of shares against our full year target of $2.5 billion. So our pace of share repurchase is expected to accelerate in the second half. The timing of share repurchases is completely consistent with what we communicated at the beginning of the year.  As you model out the balance of the year, I want to call your attention to a few items. First, incremental pricing actions will be realized during Q3 and into Q4, so they'll have a more meaningful impact on the fourth quarter because of that timing.  Second, timing of concentrate shipments will likely be a net negative in the third quarter as we expect bottler inventories to be a net drop. Third, as we intend to implement a number of accelerated productivity actions that we plan for the balance of the year, and they will also have a bigger impact on the fourth quarter than the third quarter because of the timing of execution. The net of all that is we anticipate a much stronger operating profit EPS growth rate in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter.  With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christine Farkas of Bank of America.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. First thing on C-stores. I just wanted to clarify the strength in Frito-Lay because we didn't see that in the scanner data but certainly the dollar channels seem strong. I wonder if you can take us through a little bit why the snacks are holding up so much better in the immediate consumption. And then my second question was on organic growth in Russia. It wasn't listed in the countries with double-digit growth on your beverage review, but wondering if you're seeing difficult consumer trends that seems to be hitting juice for some of your competitors.
John Compton: Christine, this is John Compton. On the single-serve business at Frito-Lay, we're benefiting from a new line of flavor that we've launched behind Ruffles and the Hispanic line of flavors that we've launched across the entire portfolio of brands, Doritos, Cheetos, Lay's and Ruffles. And that's the Tapatio products that we've launched in about half the country. That combined with -- we have 2 different price points, as you know, that we use in the marketplace, a $0.99 line and a $1.29 line, and the combination of those 2 with the flavors helped us to offset traffic declines. And our single-serve business grew mid-single digit for Frito-Lay overall. So I'm very pleased with the performance of the single-serve business and the up-and-down-the-street business.
Indra Nooyi: Regarding Russia, Christine. The overall beverage category in Russia was soft in the second quarter, and I think we had 2 kinds of behavior. One, the noncarbonated beverage business and juices in particular is a gigantic market in Russia, bigger than the carbonated soft drink business. And within that, the lower-priced juices -- our juices in Russia run the whole gamut of pricing from value brands to premium brands. The value brands are better than the premium brands although, growth across the portfolio was okay. It wasn't at levels that we would like to see, but the growth wasn't bad on an organic basis. On the CSD side, there was some interesting behavior in the marketplace because some people decided to buy some volume in the marketplace so you saw some very heavy price discounting in the marketplace, and we chose not to play that game because we decided that we're going to focus on juices and maintain our pricing in the marketplace. So overall I'd say our organic growth in Russia was in the very low-single digit but that's a number that we deliberately decided to focus on because we did not want to use significant pricing drops to buy volumes.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, slower but positive, it sounds like. And if I just could follow-up with Hugh on the guidance. You didn't -- correct me if I'm wrong, you didn't change your outlook for the commodity hit in 2011 on just the ongoing inflation. Or was there an uptick in your view for that pressure this year?
Hugh Johnston: No, Christine, we had previously communicated, as I'm sure you remember, $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. And we're still in that range. Now within that range, we've moved to the higher end but no change in the $1.4 billion or the $1.6 billion range.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Taking a look at your decision -- and I want to focus on sort of your decision in terms of the FX piece, understanding the context that it's coming through. I guess the question becomes do you believe that this is a move to dollar-based earnings guidance for the foreseeable future? Is this a move to dollar-based earnings guidance for this year? And I guess the question becomes, if the dollar turns the other way, how should we look at how this plays out on the other side? So again, understanding the context of what you're doing it for, but think that I guess I'm trying to figure out how you plan to manage this going forward?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so John, this is Hugh. Let me talk about that in 3 pieces. Number one, certainly in terms of the short-term dynamic, you're aware that our primary competitor has substantial ForEx, which seems to be playing its way back into the business, particularly in North America. And we think that to not be competitive with that is not a good long-term solution for the PepsiCo shareholders. Number two, as we think about the long-term earnings of PepsiCo, I expect that we will be looking at that on a USD basis. And then number three, for 2012 -- too early to talk about anything as it relates to 2012 at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello of Consumer Edge Research.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Recognize your comment that it's hard to know exactly what the price realization is going to be. Recently you had announced the 3% to 5% incremental pricing in CSDs. How much is that are you planning in the guidance to realize in the P&L given the competitive environment that you cited? And on the snack side, what is the magnitude that you're expecting to realize and given the weak consumer environment, how are you modeling that volume impact in the back half?
Indra Nooyi: You're asking for a level of details that we're not comfortable sharing, but let me give you some broad observations based on everything we've seen in the marketplace. As it gets closer to essentials, things like what we sell in our global nutrition portfolio, Tropicana, Quaker, foods products, even Gatorade in this scorching hot weather, people are willing to pay up for those. Snacks, there isn't much of an alternative for snacks. It's just a great crisp, and people are willing to pay for that. In the case of beverages, we have to be a lot more careful because there are alternatives. Where you can stop trading down pricing you can go from packaged beverages to first of all, bottled water then to tap water. So when you look at the repertoire of beverages, when you take 7 or 8 packaged beverages drinking occasions, people might cut that back to 4 or 5 depending on how they want to allocate their dollars through the day. So I'd say that it's the beverage category we have to watch very carefully, along with the fact that sometimes in these environment, some people might choose to buy volume, and we saw that in the month of June or July. So I think what we have to be very, very careful about is not to give you any specific indication of exactly what price utilization we're going to get by category. But all that we can tell you is generally, this is what we are seeing. And we're going to watch these over the next few weeks and months to see what kind of price utilization we get. Early indications in Frito-Lay are positive. I mean, John, do you want to talk about that?
John Compton: Yes. Bill, as you know we've said all along that we're going to price to cover commodity, and I think if you look in the second quarter, our gross margin in Frito-Lay was up 10 basis points. So we essentially did that and going forward, that's our intent. As you know we have multiple levers that we pull, different pack sizes, laid out price, et cetera. But we're not pricing to grow profits, we're pricing to cover our commodity costs. And so far, as understood, we put pricing into the market -- incremental pricing into the market on July 10, and 2 weeks does not a year make, and but I'm encouraged at what I'm seeing.
Operator: Your next question is comes from Ali Dibadj of Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just a couple of questions. One is -- so I think it's fair and you made a point that when you compare your results to your peers between North America, it's basically in line if you try to strip things out. And of course, you're facing a lot of these externalities. You mentioned obviously macro, consumer, commodities, competition, et cetera but these are just externalities. I'm just trying to get a better sense of -- do you see things specifically internally that you're not doing well whether it be Power of One not happening enough whether the integration -- maybe you can push that further? You mentioned some productivity improvements. Obviously, there are a lot of changes in the marketing function in beverages. Are there things internally that you -- all of you look at and say, "Gosh, we could do things better here." Of course, there are many, but really that has been driving or that could drive some improvement here.
Indra Nooyi: I think that's a great question. So let me address some of these and Hugh if you want to chip in, go ahead. You're absolutely right in saying a lot of the externalities. I wish we could control but we can't. I wish we could manage the economies but we can't. So we have to live with them. We have to live with the uncertainty. I think what bothers us most is the uncertainty, not the economy itself. But we have to live with it. Let's talk about the internal structure. I'd say by and large, we're doing a very good job managing our internal P&L and our execution. Although I'd say, we are never happy with what we do. I mean, we are one company that's constantly in a state of discontent because we think we can do better. So let me give you some areas where we are working hard. Clearly, in our North American beverage marketing organization there's been changes. And as we've said before, we had to make those changes, and the changes we made not because we had bad people or people who are not qualified, it's just the business changed around us, and we wanted to make sure we had people who are ready to sign up to the new agenda and had the skills required to perform in this new world. And I think all the people we're getting in the company -- first of all, we have no trouble recruiting people, and the people who come in are top quality. I hope you guys get a chance to meet the Brad Jakeman who is running the global CSD franchise now, and Lorraine Hansen, who's running Global Hydration. I think you'll be extremely impressed by the caliber of these people. So we have absolutely no issues attracting the best and the brightest. So we have to go to those changes in the North American marketing organization, and we make them gradually to upgrade the talent and make sure we have the right people for the new environment. And you would start seeing the results of their work as we going to the balance of the year and next year. In terms of productivity, as Hugh said, we are working hard to look at our compressible cost to see if we can get even more efficient. And this is not squeezing the cost because that's the worst thing you can do, to squeeze the cost, get rid of people and make whoever's left work harder because that's a burnout strategy. We're actually looking across the company to say: Can we do things differently? Can we approach the market differently? Can we distribute differently? Can we even change the form function of our products? Could we invest in productivity tools that in fact saves us a lot of money and allows us to do more with the people we have? So that as we grow, we can just deploy the existing labor force to do a better job. Pricing, across the company, we have teams looking at this right now, and some of the early indications are there is some additional opportunities to improve the productivity of the company. So here is a company that's always restless, is always beating itself up rather than patting itself on the back, and we are turning over every stone in the company to see if we can be even more efficient than we are. Hugh, did you want to add anything?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I think in many ways, I'd echo Indra's point that I think we have a healthy level of dissatisfaction in PepsiCo for the way we currently do things. And the good news is I think we see opportunities consistently to do them better. I'll talk about the productivity side in particular. We're always looking at benchmarks in terms of how we do things across our processes, whether it be manufacturing or procurement or distribution. And as we benchmark, we're always looking at the top quartile and saying, "Why can't everything be like that?" And sometimes there are structural reasons but sometimes we just need to learn from ourselves internally and to get better at it. To Indra's point, I do think sometimes we're very hard on ourselves and maybe, at times, we talk about that a little bit too much externally, when in fact I do feel like competitively we use our resources pretty efficiently compared to most companies that you would contrast us to. But I think that healthy level of dissatisfaction is also one of the things that's enabled PepsiCo to be as successful as it's been and I'd expect we'll continue to have that healthy level of dissatisfaction.
Indra Nooyi: And Ali, one other point. You talked about Power of One. We have lot of Power of One ideas at the shelf, the consumer shelf. What we are trying to be very careful about is to execute the Power of One program, which is profit dilutive, it's not a very good idea. We want to make sure it's top line accretive, and it leads neutral on the profit side at a minimum. There's lot of ideas or profit-dilutive ideas. So we want to make sure that we execute Power of One in the back office to the extent that it makes sense. But when it comes to consumer-facing activities, it doesn't dilute our profit margins, and that is what we're looking to very carefully.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe to segue way to perhaps a scenario of discontent or expected improvements but it's great to have John and Eric both on the call. And if you focus in on North America, it still remains kind of almost a tale of two cities, right, with FLNA doing a lot of the heavy lifting in North America and in fact the, I think, for the whole company. Right? At least the majority of the operating profit growth for the company. And as we look at that, how do you think about the balance between those 2? At what point do you think PAB starts to, I guess, pick up the slack, so to speak? And/or should we continue to expect FLNA to really continue to deliver higher and higher margins from the place that we are now? How should we think about that balance going forward in North America, of course, as it relates to the whole company?
Indra Nooyi: I'll make some opening comments, and I'm going to have Eric talk to them and John talk about Frito-Lay. I think Frito-Lay is our star in the portfolio. Just a fantastic business, great market position, tremendous numbers of layers of advantage and a very well-managed business. I'd say it if it were a stand-alone company, Frito-Lay North America might well be the best consumer products company. So I think FLNA is just a wonderful organization with a great franchise and great attention to detail. I'd say our North American beverage business -- and I'd say it's not just PepsiCo I'd say the overall North American beverage environment has been an interesting one, and I've made all kinds of comments in what I see as behavior in the North American beverage business. But this is not a business that, as a category, has been sensible for years. There has been trading of a sensible point of share at the margin at huge cost for many, many years, and we've all been through an environment where for almost 20 years, there was no commodity inflation of any significant proportion. And in the last couple of years, we are beginning to see huge commodity inflation and a depressed economy. So the North American beverage business in total, not just PepsiCo, requires a very different mindset and approach to it, which I've not yet seen in the industry as a whole. Having said that, let me turn to Eric Foss to give you his comments on what we are trying to do to approach this category and then we have to watch and see how the overall marketplace evolves. So Eric, take it away.
Eric Foss: Ali, just a couple of comments. First, let just me talk a little bit about our progress post the merger. I mean, if you think about our North America beverage business, really post the merger in 2010 and then through the first quarter of this year, we had really 4 straight quarters of volume top line and profit improvement. So if you look at second quarter, I think we were dealing with and the business was impacted by 3 extraordinary issues. One, unprecedented commodity inflation that Indra mentioned. Second, I think it's important to recognize that there was a prior-year value investment at the retail level that we were lapping that largely impacted second quarter and is now behind us. And then third, the competitive environment. So let me tell you what we feel good about, let me tell you what kind of core issues we need to address and kind of how we're trying to play the game going forward. I think first of all we feel good about the kind of our balanced approach to top line growth, which, on a year-to-date basis is up a couple of points, certainly in line with the category and our competitors. We continue to improve our share position. We continue to improve the health of our brands, which we stated was a must-do coming out of the merger. We continue to feel great about the synergy capture and our cost and productivity efforts, and we continue to sell service and execute very well at the point of sale. The issues we need to address are actually isolated, pretty simple to say but tougher to do and that is we have to price to cover COGS to make sure we have the right margin structure going forward, and we have to do that right now and balance that with a pretty difficult consumer and economic environment that you've heard Indra and Hugh refer to. So the game we're playing is as we go forward the second half, price to cover COGS. It's the prudent and right thing to do for the long-term health of the category in this business. Second, we're going to continue to make the incremental investments, particularly around strengthening our brand and building our core brands. And third, continue to maximize the potential of the merger and the synergy unlocks, including not just capturing cost synergies but revenue synergies like G2, DSD, Power of One, food service, et cetera. That's kind of what we feel good about, what we have to address and kind of the game we're playing going forward.
John Compton: On Frito-Lay, there's nothing in the first half of this year that would cause us to change our optimism about this business going forward. We continue to believe that there's volume growth in the core business. I believe the demographic changes that are taking place are actually in our favor. We've learned on how to build adjacent businesses through Stacy's and Sabra particularly. We're successful in that venture now. Historically, we've had a terrific productivity mindset at Frito-Lay. We ramped that up incrementally with the GES initiative that we're beginning to implement and roll now. And so no, I don't want anyone -- I appreciate your comments about Frito-Lay, but I don't want anyone to take away that we're milking that business because of the temporary softness in one business right now. That's not the case at all. It's a great business for running the business for the long term. We're making the necessary investments. We took our media investment up this year because we knew that we were going to take pricing, and that we thought we needed that to sort of cover any sort of consumer softness that we potentially would see. And Latin America, across the board, as you now, the snacks businesses have performed well. We had 5% volume growth and double-digit profit growth.
Indra Nooyi: And we are nicely focused on top line growth at Frito-Lay and across the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: John, can you discuss your top line expectations around Frito-Lay North America in the back half of the year with the higher pricing? Are you expecting to see a significant volume slowdown in the business? And also in terms of looking at your pricing, how much of it will be rate versus weight out and how that compares versus history and how that would play into your volume expectations?
John Compton: Yes, certainly. As incremental pricing comes in, our net revenue performance should improve and most likely our volume performance might slow somewhat. Versus the pricing actions when we saw this high-commodity inflation environment from 2008, less of our pricing actions are going to be laid out and more of our pricing actions this year are a combination of trade promotion practices and some visual pricing. So back half of the year, I think the net revenue line will grow faster than it has in the first half of the year, and volume will slow somewhat. But I'll know more about that in the next 6 to 8 weeks.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And can you just talk a little bit about your views around the potential demand elasticity given there's more visual pricing this time around and compare it versus demand elasticity you've seen in the past?
John Compton: As I said, I'll know more as the pricing gets fully into the marketplace. But the biggest brands, I'll take Lay's and Doritos as an example, are also quite frequently sold on deals. So we have a way of managing our net pricing through the marketplace. If we see the visual pricing starting to slow a little bit, we can adjust our promotion practices.
Indra Nooyi: The other thing, Dara, is the amazing thing is around the world -- in pretty much every country of the world, the snacks businesses is very resilient and is doing well. And so we take great comfort in the fact that it's a faulty category and the strength of our franchises across the world that seems to be holding up very well in an economy where pricing is going up for all consumer products and economies have mixed performance across the world.
John Compton: And to add Indra's point, the other thing that gives me confidence so we can get this pricing through is the innovation on the core business that we have coming. And so all the flavor work that we've done in Doritos and Ruffles particularly is and will continue to work well. And it flows through our big bag business straight to our single-serve business into our variety pack business, and that gives me confidence that we can get the pricing through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlos LaBoy of Credit Suisse.
Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG: I was hoping that Hugh could give us some insight on the financial value of the PBG and Gatorade assets you sold in Mexico and the expected size of the checks that are likely to come your way as the deal closes. I think this asset sales should be worth several hundred million dollars. Are you going to deploy that money when it comes in toward funding higher rate of investments? Or do the asset sales offer you unexpected money to accelerate investments even more?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Carlos, this is Hugh. Carlos, as we mentioned in some of our earlier communications, the terms of the deal and the specifics around the financials of it are confidential, and we're not going to be sharing that at this time. When the deal closes, obviously, to the degree that cash comes in, that represents a substantial change to PepsiCo's overall cash picture. Obviously, we'll be talking to that piece of it at that point. But right now, the terms of the deal are confidential, and that's an agreement between the parties.
Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG: And maybe Eric can expand on the 1.5 liter take-home pack that Indra mentioned. It's being priced at parity, it looks like, with Coke's 1.25. Can you speak to the fact that you're having to give an extra quarter liter for free on a very similar package. And I guess where I'm going with the question is, do you worry that this opens up a slippery slope of holding price parity with your competitor on similar packs as they start plowing forward on package innovation and on new packs?
Eric Foss: Sure, Carlos. It's Eric. Let me make a couple of points on pricing. First of all, I think you've heard us talk before that as we approach anything, certainly 1.5-liter, our pricing approach starts and ends with the consumer. And I think if you think about our success on 1.5-liter, what we're really trying to do is to make sure there's an entry point for the consumer to enter the category at a great value. And we punched this 1.5-liter in June. We've had very strong execution. It's tied to meal deals, and the reality is if you look at any success metric, distribution, volume, share on 1.5 liter or share on a combined multi-serve basis, 1.5-liter and 2-liter, we are extremely happy with our success relative to the competitive entry on this package. So we feel very good about it and it's something that again as we look at taking pricing, I think you'll see the whole industry look to reconceptualize and re-architect the whole price/pack architecture. So I think you'll see more to come on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just going back to North America beverages. If I just look at the profit decline on a year-over-year basis, can you just walk through the components of the profit decline. How much was the pricing lagging inflation? How much did spending go up? What was the cost synergy capture? And then as we think about going forward, just from an inflation perspective, does it get worse and then it gets better? Or have we kind of hit the peak in terms of inflation just on a quarterly basis?
Indra Nooyi: You're talking about North American beverages, Judy?
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Let me start on it a little bit and then Eric to the degree you want to add, please feel free. Judy, relative to our expectations, the costs are largely in line with what we had expected. Inflation in beverages is a bit higher than what was in our plans but not significantly so for the first half. It really is -- pricing and volume is really where the gap is, and we've talked about some of the reasons why, from a competitive perspective. On a year-over-year basis, obviously, commodities are up substantially. And we expected to get more pricing in the marketplace, but it's proven to be a pretty competitive market and as a result of that, that's really what's driving the year-over-year. But everything else, the synergies are largely in line, and the commodities piece, while up year-over-year, are only a little bit higher than what our expectations were.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So in Q2, what was the cost synergy capture?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. We hadn't disclosed the synergies specifically on a quarterly basis.
Indra Nooyi: But just assume that the commodities are well above any synergies.
Hugh Johnston: Correct.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just in terms of pricing versus the commodities out -- within Americas Beverages, can you just talk about where's the pressure's coming from just in terms of CSD versus noncarbs versus juice? And where are you seeing sort of the most pronounced gap? And where do you have the most confidence that, that gap will close as the year progresses?
Hugh Johnston: Why don't I talk to that briefly, and then, Eric, if you want to add in, that's fine. I think Judy the biggest gap is in carbonated soft drinks and primarily in the big volume packages. That's where we haven't seen pricing at the levels that we expected it to.
Indra Nooyi: Single-serves, up-and-down-the-street seems to be okay.
Hugh Johnston: Seems to be fine.
Indra Nooyi: Take-home, large pack. Eric, you might want to talk to the extent you can provide some detail.
Eric Foss: Sure. Let me give you some color commentary on the pricing topic. Again, Judy, the way we think about this is there is a balance here, so we are trying to get price appreciation. If you look at it, if you really look at our business, you can look at it in 2010, we had 2 points of pricing, Q1 another 2 points, Q2 another 2 points, first half 2 points. You've seen us really try to take a disciplined and balanced approach to the top line. You've seen our retails both on cans and 2 liter go up despite the fact that our competitors are down year-over-year. And again, right now, we feel good that we've descended and are growing our share position, and we have good mix management as well. So I think the core issue is largely on CSDs, cans and multi-serve pack.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And Hugh just a quick follow-up on your guidance. You continue to talk about guidance on a 52-week basis. At this point can you tell us what's the 53rd week will provide you just in terms of whether you'll invest that back into the marketplace or would we see higher earnings as a result of the 53rd week? And then just on the tax rate because the Q2 tax rate actually came in a little bit lower. So for the full year, does the back half tax rate go up?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So the tax rate Judy will actually be pretty well in line with what we said previously, which was 27%. This was really a timing switch. So to the degree that our first half tax rate is under that, then obviously, the back half will be a little bit higher than that. In terms of the 53rd week, we had previously talked about that as non-core, in line with past practice. So in terms of plans on that, we hadn't said anything publicly at this point.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Would you care to say anything at this point or no?
Indra Nooyi: Not yet.
Hugh Johnston: No, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I have just a couple. Could you talk to Wimm-Bill-Dann's performance, just the business itself versus your expectation rather than all of Russia? What's better, what's worse, is there any you could add? The second is on media spend. I was hoping to hear some specifics on whether that's actually been ramped up year-over-year, and what the plans are for the back half, particularly on the beverage side in North America. And then just finally, has Tropicana turned at all?
Indra Nooyi: Great, 3 questions. So Wimm-Bill-Dann. Wimm-Bill-Dann is performing exceedingly well. In fact the more we get to know the Wimm-Bill-Dann business, the people, the strength of the franchise, the technologies they have, they are really, really, really impressing us. So the business is a top-notch business. I'd say it's performing exceedingly well. It's had its share of commodity cost inflation because grain prices go up, the cows have to eat grain in order to produce the milk, in order for us to produce the dairy product. So there is some of that. But you want to add something on Wimm-Bill-Dann before I ...
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I was actually just over there with Zein a couple of weeks ago. Clearly, you have things going on in terms of value versus premium products like you do with the rest of Russia. But as Indra said, the business is performing very well. We went through a full integration review. And the integration, the synergies are on track. The marketplace performance is good. And Zein and I actually went out to visit the cows, and they seem to be doing fine as well.
Indra Nooyi: And you know, there's still opportunity because in Almarai, which is our joint venture with the Saudi dairy company, they have the highest yield per cow, and we haven't yet transferred those yield technologies from Almarai to Wimm-Bill-Dann. So we see a lot of upside going forward, and the management team at Wimm-Bill-Dann is top-notch. We retained pretty much all of them, I think, say, except one. But we retained everyone of them, and they're doing a great job. They've integrated wonderfully with PepsiCo. The last time they were all here for an all-day dairy review. I must tell you, you couldn't tell the difference who is Wimm-Bill-Dann and who is PepsiCo. Our European team has done a terrific job, Zein and Ramon, working with the Wimm-Bill-Dann people, integrating them into PepsiCo. So those are all the good news. And again, Power of One-wise exploiting the coolers, exploiting our existing infrastructure in snacks and beverages along with Wimm-Bill-Dann, that work is just beginning. And at this point, Caroline, we are only seeing upside from the Wimm-Bill-Dann transaction. Let me get to the media question. Across PepsiCo, in 2011, in spite of the economic issues we are increasing our overall A&M spend, and we are increasing our media spend. In fact, second half is a pretty significant step-up even in North America, and we've decided not to back off that increase because as I said in my opening comments it's even more important that when you take up pricing, you keep getting the message out on your brand so people stay engaged to the brand. So North American beverages, for example, the summertime advertising will continue. The expected advertising will be pretty big step up, and in Frito-Lay North America, second half of the year we'll continue to invest. Europe, we'll still continue to invest. EMEA is investing. Quaker Foods is investing. So across the board we're going to continue to keep investing in A&M and media. And on Tropicana, 2 things, let me separate Trop50 and cold Tropicana. Tropicana50, as I said is growing 40%. It's doing very well across the country so we feel very, very excited about the prospects for Trop50, as the product is today and all of the spinoffs of Trop50 that could come in as innovation next year. On cold Tropicana itself, we resisted going to the plastic carafe because we thought environmentally, staying with the gable-top was a better idea. And the consumer wants the plastic carafe, so we launched a beautiful plastic carafe in the West, and where we've launched the plastic carafe, we are gaining share handsomely. We feel very, very good, and this is now beginning to roll to the whole country. And in some parts of the country, as expected, we believe the gable-top also for those consumers who are very environmentally-conscious as they should be. But I think that early signs, 2 or 3 months of the Tropicana carafe in the West Coast, we feel very good. And overall, because of the G&G and all the innovation platforms we've come up with on fruits and vegetables, the pipeline for Tropicana going into next year and beyond is looking very good. So this is a great franchise, a very strong, still has great revenues for the consumer. And we feel good about the prospects.
Hugh Johnston: If I can add one comment around the media question, Caroline, as well. I would not assume that the level of A&M increase is the same as the media percentage spending increase. In fact, media spending increase has been much higher. One of the things that we've done, I think very effectively, inside the company is add a significant productivity program, to shift dollars from what we refer to as nonworking to working. And as a result of that, as we found that productivity, we have put it right back into media. So while you'll see A&M up, the media spending levels will be up meaningfully more than the A&M spending level overall.
Operator: Our final question is comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: First question on, Hugh, on your -- are there forecasts on your commodity cost outlook such that if there's -- if commodity cost would have come down there could be some benefit or based on the hedges that you have or the numbers that you provide essentially how the year will play out?
Hugh Johnston: Very little at this point. We're largely hedged at this point through the end of the year.
Indra Nooyi: At this point to the end of the year.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, got it. And then, John, I think you mentioned single-serve was up low-single digits. Could you talk a little bit about what's driving that given the current environment? And then Eric, if you wouldn't mind commenting on the single-serve business in beverages?
John Compton: Kaumil, the single-serve business for us is being driven by the fact of the new flavors that we put into the marketplace. Largely behind Ruffles because, as I said, also the Tapatio line of products that we launched behind Doritos, Lay's, Cheetos and Ruffles in about half the country. So just core flavors are driving our single-serve business. We haven't taken pricing yet on that business. So it's really unit growth is driving the growth.
Indra Nooyi: Eric?
Eric Foss: Beverages, Kaumil. our cold drink business was really driven and was slightly positive in the quarter really driven by 16 ounce CSDs, as well as Gatorade. So I think we've had 5 straight quarters of growth. We grew our cold drink share, and although we did see and are starting to see fuel prices impact the consumer from a traffic standpoint and indications in C&G.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: Okay, got it. And then just final question. As it relates to the incremental productivity, is any of it structural, meaning joint ventures, changes in distribution structure or is it simply more G&A types of things?
Indra Nooyi: Right now, we are working on compressible costs within the company, beyond G&A, it's all of the compressible costs in the company. And despite the single-structure changes, as they happen we'd be out there to talking to you guys. At this point, we are not looking at that. Let me just close by saying that as a company, we're all operating in a highly uncertain environment, especially in the developed markets. In this difficult macro and consumer environment, I believe our portfolio is being managed sensibly to deliver good short-term results, while continuing to invest in our future. And all 300,000 associates in PepsiCo remain extremely committed to the company and are excited about the prospects of the company in the short term and the long term. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Massimo dAmore - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Beverages Eric Foss - Chairman of Pepsi Bottling Group, Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Bottling Group and Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Beverages Company Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer John Compton - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Foods and Member of Liquid Refreshment Beverage Oversight Council
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. Indra will lead off today's call with a review of our overall performance and outlook, and then Hugh will cover the financials and operating results and the financial guidance in more detail. We'll then move on to Q&A, where we'll be joined by the CEOs of each of our businesses: John Compton from PepsiCo Americas Foods; Massimo d'Amore from PepsiCo Beverages Americas; Eric Foss from Pepsi Beverages Company; Zein Abdalla from PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif from PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa. During today's call, unless otherwise noted, all references to net revenue growth are on a constant currency basis, and all references to division operating profit growth and EPS growth are on a core constant currency basis. I refer you to today's earnings release for more details. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statements. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. And finally, you should refer to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under the Investor Presentations tab to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. We are quite pleased with our Q1 results. Top line growth was balanced and strong, and profitability was right on plan. We delivered organic volume growth of 3.5% in beverages. And excluding the foods volume, we delivered 4% in core salty-snacks. We're especially encouraged by our growth in North America where core salty-snack volume growth at Frito-Lay was up 2.5%, and organic beverage volume growth was 2%. Internationally, we delivered volume and revenue growth in each of the geographies. International organic volume growth was 7% in core salty-snack and 5% in beverages. Global foods volume, which is included in our set of snacks volume report for external reporting, declined 4%, driven primarily by Quaker Foods North America while internationally, our foods volume grew 2%.   Despite inflationary pressures, we continue to invest in brand building in emerging markets, and we're beginning to see evidence that our recent investments are paying off. Last year at about this time, we set out five key growth imperatives for PepsiCo that formed the backbone of our strategy, and I'd like to discuss this quarter's results in the context of these imperatives. Our first imperative is to build and extend our macro snacks portfolio. Our reported worldwide snacks volume growth was 3%, and this included our foods volume also. Our underlying core salty-snacks volume grew more than 4% on an organic basis. Growth was well balanced, with strength in both developed and emerging markets. And we grew salty-snacks volume in each of our top 10 global markets. Innovation was strong across the board, which resulted in incrementality, even in our more developed markets like North America and the United Kingdom. In emerging markets, we're building per capita consumption and driving frequency, and that's led to strong organic growth in these markets. For example, we grow snacks volume 18% in India, 13% in China, 26% in Russia and 32% in Turkey.  Operating margins in global snacks improved about 100 basis points, with gains in almost every division. In some countries, we saw value and niche players pulse in and out of the market and take some share. We are careful not to overreact, choosing to judiciously trade off some share to protect profit in the short term. Our goal is to balance volume and profit growth. And across the world, our businesses are doing a pretty good job in this regard. Our second imperative is to sustainably and profitably grow our beverage business worldwide. Our global organic beverage volume growth was 3.5%. CSDs grew 2% and non-carbonated beverages grew 8%. Every division grew organic volume, with emerging and developing markets continuing to show terrific results. India was up 20%, Russia was up 13%, Turkey was up 21% and China was up 4%, lapping 19% from 2010. Developed markets also generated good growth, with North America organic volumes up 2%, and the U.K. up 7%. We hit the first anniversary of the bottler acquisitions in the first quarter, and the synergies are ahead of original estimates. We have made the operational organization changes necessary to realize the cost synergies, and we're beginning to realize the revenue synergies now. For example, we moved small format Gatorade onto DSD at the beginning of this year, and we're beginning to make progress in growing our business at food service accounts. We also focused on improving profitability in beverages but have to carefully address 2 issues: first, commodities are clearly a headwind; and second, we intend to continue to invest in brands and in building out our emerging markets infrastructure. Inflation has disproportionately impacted our beverage businesses, and thus pressured our beverage margins somewhat, especially in EMEA and North America. Partially offsetting this, in North America, we achieved almost 2 points of price mix and intend to pursue higher price utilization for the remainder of the year to more fully offset the commodity cost pressures.  In EMEA, we'll also begin to see the impact of pricing actions that they're are taking as we move into the balance of the year. I'm confident that we're making the right investments, which is being born out of the growth we're seeing, and we've got solid pricing plans in place for the year to balance volume and profit growth to deliver on our financial and operating commitments. The third imperative we articulated is to unleash the power of Power of One. We're making good progress here. In North America, we've ramped up our Power of One activity. For example, in the first quarter, we executed cross division basketball teams merchandising in March, we accelerated local UDS account promotional activity, and we are continuing our pilots where we have Power of One merchandisers in selected large-format stores, and early results are quite promising. And this summer, we're introducing the first ever PepsiCo coupon inserts to cross for 20 of our brands across snacks and beverages. And we continue to advance Power of One as a strategic volume and productivity driver in our international market, where Power of One is already highly developed. In this area, I believe overall, we're making progress. We believe there's a lot more potential to be realized.  Our fourth imperative is to build and expand our nutrition business, and here we are pleased with our progress so far. We are focusing our efforts in 2 areas, innovation and branding. And we're doing this to accelerate the growth of the nutrition segment of our snack and beverage portfolio. And to remind you, it's Quaker in grains, Tropicana/Naked and the many regional brands we own in fruits and vegetables, Wimm-Bill-Dann in value-added dairy and Gatorade in sports nutrition.  To do this, we took a group of about 100 R&D and marketing people and about a $50 million budget, and focused them against these segments and brands. This core group is responsible for building an innovation pipeline looking 12 to 24 months out and for maintaining the global brand architecture for our nutrition-oriented brands. Output from this Global Nutrition Group will start to appear in store shelves sometime in 2012. However, in the first quarter of 2011, the revenue growth in the nutrition segments of our snacks and beverage portfolios outpaced the growth of our core Fun-For-You and Better-For-You businesses, giving us confidence that our focus on this opportunity is well played. The fifth imperative is to ensure prudent, responsible financial management. In the first quarter, our financial results came in as we expected. Core division operating profit grew 5%, driven by solid volume and net revenue performance and synergies and despite inflationary pressures and continued investment spending. We had negative leverage below the operating profit line from higher year-over-year interest expense and a higher tax rate, resulting in the quarter EPS decline, again as we expected and communicated on our Q4 call. Looking forward, commodity cost inflation will be a major factor for all companies in our sector in 2011. Through our hedging programs, we have good visibility into our cost outlook for the balance of the year. Our plans and targets have taken commodity inflation appropriately into account, and I'm confident we have the right pricing and productivity plans in place to deliver on our commitments, and Hugh will give you more detail on this. Next, we are confident we are focused on the right five imperatives, and we're making good progress against them. But before I turn the call over to Hugh, I want to touch on 3 topics that seem to be of interest to many of you.  First, how will we sustain performance at Frito-Lay in North America? Two, what actions are we taking to accelerate growth in North America beverages? And three, how are we thinking about capital allocation? Let me turn to Frito-Lay North America first. As all of you know, this is a very powerful franchise with tremendous scale advantage. We saw a volume growth in the first quarter, and that translated to solid operating profit growth, with healthy gross margin expansion. As we look to the balance of the year, we expect top line growth to be driven by innovation. We've talked a bit about the initiative around all natural, and it's off to a great start. Just as importantly, we have a strong lineup of core Fun-For-You innovation, with products like Ruffles' bold flavors, Taco and Pizza doritos and a line of Tapatio flavors, and we expect these products to do very well, especially in single-serve in the UDS channel. We'd also drive growth and adjacencies under the Stacy's and Sabra brands, where we're expanding the lineup to new product introductions. So we expect Sabra and Stacy's to continue to drive highly incremental growth. We'll begin to see input cost inflation in Frito as we move through the year, and we have solid pricing plans in place to cover it, supplemented by solid productivity programs. So our expectations for Frito-Lay North America: to continue to be a steady profit growth driver. Let me turn now to North American beverages, where our focus is on judiciously balancing volume and profit growth. We believe we are making the right kinds and appropriate level of investments to accelerate our long-term beverage growth in North America, and this includes a sizable increase in our advertising and marketing expense in Q1. Gatorade is a great example of how we've created innovative platforms and established brand marketing programs that drive brand equity. We have the same focused on our other key beverage brands like Pepsi, Dew and Tropicana. We have seen brands score strengthened across the board. And volume trends improved, which gives us confidence that we're making the right investments.  Regarding profit growth in Pepsi Americas Beverages. Clearly commodities are a headwind, and our intention is to offset these costs with productivity and pricing. We achieved some positive price mix in the first quarter out ahead of the category, and intend to continue to employ pricing as well as mix to drive solid net price realization and profit growth. We intend to price to cover input costs and to maintain brand support, so that we can compete in the business of innovation and brand equity. The final topic I want to address before I hand off to Hugh is capital allocation. Clearly, the bottler acquisition and the Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisition are major commitments of capital. These transactions were carefully analyzed and considered before we committed to them. I'm confident that they are justified in their financial and strategic merits, and we are absolutely committed to delivering on these important investments. We are now well positioned to generate strong organic growth and going forward, anticipate relatively low levels of capital investments deployed against occasional tuck-in acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures. Our businesses will continue to generate attractive cash flow, and we'll reinvest capital in the business only when there's a clear compelling case for value creation. We have a strong record of an ongoing commitment to returning cash to shareholders through both dividends and share purchases.  With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh, and I look forward to taking your questions. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Great. Thanks, Indra, and good morning, everyone. I'll spend just a few minutes reviewing the financial performance before we open it up for Q&A. I know today is a busy one for many of you, with so many companies reporting, so I'll keep my comments relatively brief. For the sake of clarity before we get to the financials, I want to call your attention to a couple of key items that affect the comparability of our results for last year. Our financials for the quarter impacted by the bottler acquisition into a much lesser extent, by our acquisition of a controlling stake in Wimm-Bill-Dann. With respect to the bottlers, we closed on the bottler acquisitions on February 26 last year. So in this year's first quarter, we have a full quarter of bottler results and net interest expense related to the transaction comparing to a short stub period of ownership in Q1 2010. The bottler's operating profit in the first quarter is seasonally low and, as I mentioned on last quarter's call, the European operations of the bottlers historically operated at a loss in Q1. So we have 2 periods of low seasonal results in Q1, and we have 2 incremental periods of full interest expense, associated with the bottler acquisitions, which created a net negative impact for the quarter. Regarding Wimm-Bill-Dann, given the timing of the closing on our 77% stake toward the end of the quarter, the impact of this transaction on our overall first quarter results is relatively small. Information in the release this morning is meant to provide visibility into the fundamental performance of the business. Couple of points here. One, we've presented organic volume growth for PAB in Europe, the 2 divisions impacted by the bottler and Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisitions, which strips out the impact of the acquisitions for those divisions from our volume growth. Second, we've also provided the pro forma impact on net revenue as if the bottlers had been acquired on the first day of Q1 2010. And finally, we provided disclosures on the impact of Wimm-Bill-Dann on net revenue and operating profit growth rates. For the first quarter, our core EPS was $0.74, which was in line with our expectations. Core EPS was driven by a 5% increase in pro forma net revenue, excluding the impact of Wimm-Bill-Dann and a 5% increase in our core division operating profit. The core division operating profit reflects solid volume gains, some net pricing, synergies from the bottler acquisitions and productivity, partially offset by higher commodity costs, continued investments in brand building and in emerging markets, and the seasonal losses associated with the operations of the acquired bottlers. Let me highlight on a few items impacting profit performance in the quarter by each of our sectors. PAF core operating profit results were up a strong 8%, with good operating margin expansion, led by gross margin expansion at FLNA. PAB core operating profit was up 9% with positive bottler operating profit overlap, volume, pricing and synergies, offset somewhat by inflation and continued brand investment. Europe was impacted by the inclusion of 2 months of bottler results, which historically operated at a loss as I noted earlier. Using last year's operating losses of proxy, this accounts for approximately 33 points of profit decline in Europe's Q1 results. And finally, in EMEA, core operating profit declined 6%. This is a relatively small profit quarter for EMEA, and the difference between down 6% and up double digits is about $25 million. There were a number of factors that contributed to the decline, including investment spending, price lagging somewhat behind inflation and some temporary business interruption in the Middle East. Commodity cost inflation is a major theme we are managing across the entirety of our business. In the first quarter, inflation impacted our beverage operations more dramatically than our snacks. We covered some but not all of the beverage commodity cost inflation with pricing.  On the snack side, commodity inflation was less pronounced, and we generally were able to cover inflation there.  Looking out over the balance of the year, commodities will continue to be a headwind. We expect inflation of approximately $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion on a base of $18 billion of commodity based inputs. As we explained on last quarter's call, our intention is to offset a portion of this inflation with pricing and productivity. In a year as volatile as 2011, we're closely managing the pricing volume productivity equation to ensure we deliver on our financial commitments for the year. This was true in all of our divisions, but especially so in PAB. As we've said before, we intend to be a disciplined, well-run bottler. As a part of this, we seek to cover our commodity cost with pricing. Given the soft consumer environment, and as the industry goes through transition, pricing in the first half has not been what we would have liked or expected. But because of the ongoing commodity inflation pressures, as we exit the first half, we anticipate taking additional pricing in the form of rate increases on key packages. This will be necessary to drive acceptable operating profit growth, provide the room to continue to invest in innovation and marketing and to operate consistent with the principles of being a well-run bottler. Turning to cash flow. In the quarter, we generated $78 million of management operating cash flow excluding the impacts of merger and integration payments and integration-related CapEx.  Our key working capital metrics of DII, DSO and DPO, are all within target, but year-on-year cash flow comparisons are impacted by the seasonality of the bottler cash flows.  Finally, let me update you on our earnings outlook for the year, which is consistent with what we've shared on the first quarter call. We expect core constant currency EPS growth of 7% to 8%, and estimate ForEx could be a 1 to 2 point translation benefit to our full year core EPS growth all on a 52-week basis. Below the operating profit line, we anticipate negative leverage for the full year for the reasons we shared on the last call, namely: higher interest expense, $50 million of spending at the corporate level on our nutrition initiative, higher pension costs related to the amortization of PAS losses, and the non-controlling interest elimination related to the income of Wimm-Bill-Dann. In addition, we expect our core tax rate to be approximately 27% for the full year essentially even with 2010. On cash flow, we expect CapEx to be approximately $3.5 billion for the year, excluding bottler integration CapEx of about $150 million. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and expect share repurchases of approximately $2.5 billion in 2011. In the first quarter, we repurchased $361 million of shares. We expect the rate of repurchase to accelerate in the second half, following repayment of acquisition-related debt to achieve the full year target. As you model out the balance of the year, please note 2 items: first, operating profit growth in the second quarter will be lower than in the second half driven by the timing of anticipated pricing actions; and second, we estimate our Q2 core tax rate will be 90 to 100 basis points above our full year estimated tax rate. So to summarize the overall financial picture: first of our Q1 results came in line with our expectations; second, commodity inflation will be challenge for us and everyone else in our industry for the foreseeable future but we'll continue to prudently manage the business balancing volume pricing and productivity; and finally, we remain committed to our full year financial outlook With that, Indra and I will be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Christine Farkas of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions if I could. Hugh, just to clarify, the commodity exposure, the $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, is still in line with what you've indicated in the prior quarter, yet we've seen some inflation since then. So I'm just wondering if your earlier guidance had incorporated some expected PET increased. Or why that level is still there? And then I had a question for John on Frito. I know that we have some easier comps. But I'm curious in the second quarter, how trends may have changed given higher gas prices?
Hugh Johnston: Christine, great. Let me just talk a little bit about the commodity piece. Obviously, our commodity's purchase is relatively large in complexity, $10 billion with no commodity accounting for even 10% of the total. We buy an awful lot of things. Many of them have moved up. Some have moved around and down. And as I've shared in the past, we also have a very active hedging program. The net of it is there really is no change to the overall guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. That number will likely continue to move around inside the range a bit, because we do only cover about 80% of our commodities purchases. That's the extent to which we can hedge. But we're very comfortable with the number that we have previously communicated of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. So that's where we are on that. Then I'll kick it over to John for the second question.
John Compton: This is John. No, we haven't seen any material changes on higher fuel prices. As we've said in the quarter, we had 2.5% volume growth at Frito-Lay and that sequentially improved during the quarter. As Indra mentioned, we just completed the final conversion of the all natural launch, and that is just now being activated in the marketplace, and we've just recently rolled a whole line of Hispanic products underneath the Tapatio subbrand into the marketplace. So our expectation is that our volume growth will continue. We may see some channel shifting due to the higher prices, of gas prices, but we don't expect our volume growth to slow down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Hugh, can you quantify how much leftover commodity costs pressure, you're expecting in 2012 if commodities stay where they are today given you're somewhat hedged this year? So what's leftover piece that's not fully captured in 2011 given the hedging?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Dara, all I'd say at this point is in total, we had about 20% at any time in the subsequent 12 months open. In terms of the balance of this year, there are certain items that we can hedge. We won't get into the details of our quantities program. So I really just leave you with the guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion in total, and I think we're very comfortable managing within that range.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then can you also give us some sense for the level of investment in AMP in the quarter versus the prior year? You beat gross profit versus my modeling consensus, but SG&A was higher than we expected. So I'm just wondering if you can give us some granularity on the level of investment behind the business versus last year.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Dara, from our perspective, probably the biggest investment that we talked about is the one that we've made in Global Nutrition Group, and we talked about that being $50 million for the year. In terms of the other pieces of investment, for competitive reasons, we really don't want to get into the details of what countries we're putting it in or where it's going into. We did share that we had our PAD advertising and marketing expense up meaningfully from last year, and that should give you some sense for it. The net of it is in terms of the investments that we're making, what you should know is we're managing that inside the 7% to 8% overall guidance that we've given, and we're comfortable managing our investments within that overall guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello of Consumer Edge Research.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: The question on North America snack and beverage pricing, you talked a lot about balancing price mix and productivity. How are you thinking about on the Frito side, weighed out versus rate, watching the $0.99 price point in the C&G channel? And on the beverage side, are you indicating you'll take pricing before Labor Day? And you mentioned taking more mix benefit there as well?
Indra Nooyi: Eric?
John Compton: So Bill, it's John. Let me take the Frito-Lay portion first. I think going forward, you'll see us use more visual pricing and more trade promotion price point than weighed out that we've typically used in the past, and we will start to employ those in the second half of the year as we exit Q2.
Eric Foss: And Bill, it's Eric. On the beverage side again, as Hugh mentioned, what we're looking to do is to optimize really the trade-off between consumer value, volume and margins. And I think if you look at the point he made earlier around what do great bottlers do, I'd point you to a couple of success metrics that matter most. One is we are looking for price appreciation, which we demonstrated in Q3 of last year, Q4 last year, full year 2010 and again, in Q1 of this year. Second, you'd look for balance top line, which we feel very good about the 2% volume and the 2 points of pricing we got this year, about a point of that was rate and a point of that was mix. And then finally, balancing what happens share wise in the market, which again we feel good about where we are year-to-date and where we finished 2010. As we look at the go forward, it will be a combination of great mix management but we do plan to initiate more rate, and that rate will probably hit the marketplace sometime after the 4th of July.
William Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And then both divisions delivered around that 2% or so volume growth as you're taking that rate balance a year. Is that a level of volume growth that you hope to maintain -- obviously, you're talking about balancing the price mix productivity but that kind of low single digit would be a picture of success for you?
Indra Nooyi: Bill, I think what we plan to do is take the pricing and manage volume and share within a corridor because we just have to make sure that we judiciously balance the two. So we've drawn up some corridors and we plan to manage our business within those corridors.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I'm going to continue to follow up on this pricing environment, which is over the last couple of days, it seems as though you guys are a little more, I don't know, blase about the pricing environment than I think we've heard from some of your competitors. So I guess I'm just wondering what you're seeing that they aren't seeing. And then, good to hear that the pricing will go up after the 4th of July. That's kind of what everyone has been saying. But will prices go up even if they do not take pricing up? Is this something where you lead, or you're going to have to see kind of what everyone does at this point?
Hugh Johnston: John, let me start on this first, and if I missed anything, John and Eric can feel free to jump in on it. I'm not sure I characterize this as blase on pricing. Obviously, in the environment we're in right now, we have to look at these things very carefully. That said, as we look at the way we manage the business, we do think the appropriate way to manage the business is as we see commodity inflation, we need to take pricing in order to cover that. And we're going to do that within corridors of volume and share that we find acceptable. And if anything, in terms of leading pricing, I'd actually argue, we have been leading pricing all along. That said, we really don't pay that much attention to competition on this stuff. As Eric has articulated in the past, and certainly John's articulated, we manage the business the way we think it needs to be managed the right way in terms of the pricing/volume dynamic. And what we're really saying is we intend to take rate increases in the back half of the year.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. Hugh, if I can jump in, I guess, obviously, blase was the wrong term but sort of unenthusiastic. We've heard people talk about the pricing environment being very rational and very positive, but it doesn't seem like you guys are quite that positive about it. Is that a fair statement? Particularly in beverages here.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Here's what I'd say on that, John. We've talked about the fact that given the challenging consumer environment, we weren't going to take pricing to cover all of our inflation for the year. And in a normal year, we would expect to do that. What we're saying now is while we're still not going to take sufficient pricing to cover all of the inflation for the year. We are going to take more pricing in the balance of the year. And we think that's the right thing to do for the way that we manage the business, balancing the marketplace result with the financial result.
Eric Foss: I would just add, John, this is Eric, that we are far from blase, that we are very passionate and focused on making sure we get the right rate actions in the marketplace. And again, we took pricing post-Labor Day. We took pricing post-Super Bowl. And again, it's showing up in the numbers as you can see, as indicated by first quarter. And again, we intend to do that, as I've mentioned earlier, post-July 4. So we'll balance that against what's happening in terms of consumer value, as I said earlier, the competition in commodities, but I would tell you we are very focused and passionate about the price and specifically, rate in addition to great mix management, as we always have been.
Hugh Johnston: And John?
John Compton: At Frito-Lay, as you know, as inflation comes to the business, we will price it through. And to Bill's former question, there's multiple levers at Frito-Lay to pull. One of which is mix because, as you know, the margin differentials between potato chips and tortilla chips are very different. And so we'll use the mix, we'll use visual pricing and we'll use some trade promotion pricing, but our intent is to pass it through.
Hugh Johnston: And John, just to kind of close this topic off, I mean I mentioned in my opening comments that we're not satisfied with the pricing that we're getting. Given what we look at in terms of commodities, we think it's right to take more pricing, and that's what we're going to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Indra, I just wanted to maybe take a step back and sort of, from a big picture perspective, get your perspective on some of the puts and takes, both at the macrolevel and then at the company level today versus maybe six months ago. More specifically, we entered the year with a pretty tough consumer environment. Commodity obviously a pretty challenging situation. So from your perspective at the microlevel, what's gotten better? What's gotten worse? And then at the company level, you had a lot of initiatives to invest more into marketing and branding. Are there any categories or brands or countries that you're more pleased with and maybe some of the payoffs that you're getting from the reinvestments?
Indra Nooyi: Judy, that's a broad question. Let me try to hit the highlights. Clearly, we've come into this year with GDP in the developed markets improving some, unemployment rates coming down a bit, but then offset by the very high inflation we're seeing on commodities. So every one of these situations has a positive and a negative. The good news is that we are in the food and beverage space, and people have to eat and people have to drink. And therefore, we've become more of a staple than anything and so we get the first dibs on the consumer dollars that are going out. So that's the good news. In terms of the microenvironment, as we've said before, emerging markets continue to be very, very strong, but inflation is also very, very high in emerging markets. So we're trying to thread the needle and really figure out how much pricing we can take and still get the consumer to increase per capita consumption and frequency. And that's why even countries like EMEA, we have to think very hard about what amount of pricing we can pass through to the consumer, and the teams are working through those details. In the case of the developed markets, our categories are quite well developed in these markets. And here again, we are looking carefully by product, by package to see how we can get that additional price, some through visible pricing mix, some through price mix, some through some channel offerings. And so we're playing this game in a much more nuanced micro way to be able to get that consumer dollar in order to drive our top line and our margin performance. Do you want to add something, there?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Just one other piece to talk a little bit about this question of commodities and pricing as well, because obviously we're getting a few questions on it. I think there maybe some questions around the aggregate level of commodity inflation relative to most CPGs, we had came out earlier, and I think with the higher level of commodity inflation than the vast majority of others. To that extend, obviously, we anticipated a lot of what's gone on in the markets over the last couple of months in terms of commodity inflation. As we talk about pricing in response to that, we're really talking about that both in the context of 2011 and starting to think ahead to 2012 as well. So as you hear us talking about our strategies for the back half of the year, we're not thinking in just calendars, but we're thinking sort of on a multi-quarter basis as to where we think we need to manage the business. That said, as Indra mentioned, we do really have to be quite nuanced about how we do pricing so that we can do so effectively. But given the aggregate level of inflation in the economy, we do think it's important for us to take pricing.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. And so Judy coming back to -- and I'm picking up where Hugh left off, this is a year where if you look across PepsiCo, we have a large portfolio. We have a natural hedge between beverages and snacks, emerging markets, developing markets, developed markets, different day parts, different cohort groups. So with this natural hedge in the portfolio, we can decide what levels to tweak in order to deliver on the financial commitments. But this is where -- this is the time you need great execution ability and excellent management to be able to navigate through the many headwinds and tailwinds that we are facing. And I think we are blessed with an extraordinary management team. Let me talk about the investment levels. The other big lesson we've all learned is that through short-term volatility, you cannot back off investments you should be making to ensure the long-term health of the business. Branding investments, absolutely we have to make them, but we wanted to make sure we make the investments when we have the right programs, the right people, the right proposition. Just as we did for Gatorade, how we turned that business around, and now it's smoking. And so we are making the stepped-up investments, especially North American beverages and beverages globally. Our investments in the nutrition group. The nutrition categories are growing 2, 3x that of the other core Fun-for-You, Better-for-You categories. It's a gigantic opportunity, and we'd be remiss if we didn't make these investments, and we shouldn't be pulsing these investments. You've got to make sure it's steady. And so that's why we've put the investments behind on nutrition group, and made it to sealed [ph] lab so that they can come up with innovation and we can start bringing them to market, because we expect all of these will also turn around the commodity costs and the economic world that developed markets are going through will turn around. And so we intend to keep the investments going to ensure the long-term success of our company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlos LaBoy of Crdit Suisse.
Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG: Indra, you've spoken of stepped-up brand marketing and marketing investment for North America and globally. Can you speak to the scope of the step-up, how it flows through the year? And can you comment on some of your thinking on the need and opportunity that encourages you to step up your brand marketing investment? Is it mostly nutrition related as you just mentioned? Is it all nutrition related or mostly nutrition related?
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, the biggest step-up in brand investments are behind our core beverages brand. And because Frito-Lay North America and all of our snacks business are getting quite a bit of brand investments already, they do increase their advertising spending. But the biggest step-up that we've planned for this year and going forward is in our core North American beverage businesses. So Massimo, do you want to talk a little bit about the nature and step out -- and we don't talk about the exact level, Carlos, that's competitively disadvantaging us, but go ahead and talk about where you're investing, Massimo.
Massimo dAmore: As Indra said, the stepped-up investment in North American beverage, first and foremost, is on Pepsi. And as we have said, we have locked in the exclusive partnership with the X Factor property and all of that investment is incremental versus last year. From a quarter standpoint also, we were back from on Super Bowl as you know with Pepsi Max, which we did not do last year. So that's what makes a big difference for the first quarter. In terms of the other beverage brands we are supporting Sierra Mist at a higher level than we did last year. And finally, the support of Gatorade is growing proportionately with the growth of the business. And we continue to aggressively partner with the right sports properties for the long-term partnerships, especially for Gatorade and Pepsi.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: So it looks like there's very solid volume growth at Frito, maybe not as much pricing as you had wanted but obviously, some solid margin expansion as well. Could you talk a bit about the drivers of the margin expansion, including if any of that was volume leverage?
Indra Nooyi: John?
John Compton: Of course. Kaumil, some of it is volume leverage, but we did have 2.5% volume growth that obviously helps to leverage the fixed costs. And as we've said back at the Investors Conference in March, we're ramping up our productivity levels at Frito-Lay, and that's starting to come through. We talked about automation projects that are taking place. We've talked about GES controlling now. We've talked about Lean Six Sigma all through in the organization, not just the manufacturing but all the way through the sales organization. So volume leverage, yes, and then solid productivity programs contributed to the margin expansion.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: And if I could follow up on GES, it's been about a year since the Investor Day. I believe at that time, you had one plant. Is there any update that you could give us on that?
Hugh Johnston: We've rolled 2 additional markets. We continue to see positive results from the initial markets that we've rolled. We talked at the Investor Day about how 2012 would be a year to get the IT systems in place to further the national rollout, and that's what we're doing. We'll put in an SAP and financially, upgrade our Oracle systems and then we'll get back in 2013 to rolling GES.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. And then if I can ask about Gatorade, I believe one of the issues in the middle part of the last decade was that it was perhaps growing too faster, maybe not growing with the right consumer. So once again growing, but it's growing quite quickly at about 20%. Is there any concerns that it's maybe growing too fast, or that it's not growing with the consumer you had intended?
Massimo dAmore: Listen, first of all, we are really totally focused on the right target and the right location. The growth you're seeing in the first quarter is really driven by 2 factors. First, we launched the G Series in April 2010, so we are lapping a quarter where we had no G series last year. And second, a big change has been in the transfer of the go to market for small formats, for convenience and drugs, from warehouse to DSD, which has allowed us to really accelerate the growth in that channel. But if you look at the pricing data, you will see that we are really not chasing volume. We're actually very focused on the right target consumer and the right location. So we feel very confident that we are not going back to some of the issues we have had in the past.
Indra Nooyi: And Kaumil, having said that, it's important to note that long term, we're not looking for a 20% sustained growth at Gatorade. That would be crazy. So we're looking at growth in the G franchise in the sports nutrition arena, and that's why you're seeing expansion into bites. You're going to see a lot more innovation around the needs of the sports athletes from a food and beverage perspective before they get into a game location, during the game and after. And you'll see a lot of niche innovations, a lot of innovation that's going to get us more price realization. Will there be some social beverage occasion that come into G? Yes, but it's not going to be meaningful, and we're not going to chase it with trade promotions or dropping off pricing. That's the key difference today: innovation, price utilization and a lot of focus on the sports athlete. That's the way we're going with Gatorade.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I'd like to just talk a little bit about Quaker and Frito, it looks like you reclassified. And I'm just trying to get a sense of what volume growth would have been on the old measure, because it looks like the Quaker business had very weak volume but also, your margins were up a lot in Quaker, despite some top line pressures. So if you could talk a little bit about that. Are you going to reclassify last year, so that we can figure out what's the next 3 quarters look like for volumes?
Jamie Caulfield: Caroline, it's Jamie. We put out an 8-K about a month ago on that, and we restated last year -- obviously, the restatement of last year makes everything apples-to-apples with this year. It's not a big piece of the business. It was some of these snack-oriented Quaker products that go through warehouse, and it really doesn't affect the growth that you saw reported in this morning's financials. But I can take you through that if you like off-line.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And the margin increase, how did you drive that under the current conditions at Quaker? And is it sustainable, really is the question?
John Compton: Carol, it's John. We had a one-time accounting benefit in Quaker in the quarter. If you were to strip that accounting benefit out, we still would have grown profits around 1% to 2% even on declining volumes. So we're trying to get the price realization back into the business. We are very focused on innovation long term to turn the business around. And the business that we've been primarily focused against, the core oatmeal business, did grow in the quarter. So that gave us some optimism going forward that, that part of the portfolio is turning. As you know, we owned Aunt Jemima, Rice-A-Roni and other businesses, that we're not as -- haven't been as focused again.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So would you consider those core businesses? Or could we think about some divestitures over time in that area?
Hugh Johnston: Caroline, this is Hugh. From our perspective, they're all core businesses, and we think they're important to the aggregate of the franchise, so we don't anticipate any of that.
Caroline Levy - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And last question, could I just get a confirmation on price mix at Frito? With the moving parts, I'm having a hard time coming up with exactly what that was for the quarter, price mix, North America?
John Compton: Essentially, it was slightly negative because again, we didn't take pricing in the quarter. So revenue growth could have grown with pound growth. It didn't in part because of the mix. Going forward, as inflation comes to the business, obviously, as we've said, we intend to fully price that through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Dibadj of Sanford Bernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: A couple of questions. One is just a follow-up on price mix in particular. Historically, in the past couple of quarters, it feels like it was in general more half-and-half price mix. With the greater focus going forward on increased kind of rate pricing or list pricing, kind of sure pricing as I call it, do you expect that, I guess, the mix between price and mix to be more focused on price and mix going forward?
Hugh Johnston: Ali, this is Hugh. Obviously, business by business, dealing with price mix at a PepsiCo level is a bit of a challenge because of the complexity of it. But in general, as you think through the lines of business, I would be thinking a little bit more rate than just a straight balance between rate and mix going forward. And that's what we were indicating this morning.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then within mix, how much do you see it -- and again, obviously, it's different by segment, by business, but how much do you see it between kind of between channel mix versus within channel mix? So C&G, obviously on the one hand, but then within C&G from a price pack architecture perspective.
Hugh Johnston: I mean in general, it's going to be, I think, more between channels than it is within channels by package. But that's a very general statement and obviously, with a big complicated portfolio. But generally speaking, it's going to be more between channels.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And the last question is just, if you could address kind of the concern I have been hearing for a while from investors, which is execution on a very enticing strategy, right, a strategy that I think makes sense to people. How do you philosophically incentivize folks all the way down the line about some of the more complex messages? And as you mentioned a couple of times so far in answering prior question, a complex company. So for example, Power of One, what does that actually mean to the Frito driver? What does that actually mean? How do they think about it, and how do you in fact incentivize that? As you're focused more and more on that, are you thinking about, or have you incentivized folks differently at that level? So execution of the broad umbrella, but incentivization all the way down the line is a philosophical question.
Indra Nooyi: Ali, I'm going to let John and Eric tell you exactly how they do it, but let me put it in a fairly simple way. To the driver, he's also a consumer, he needs a bag of Lays, he's thirsty, he needs to have a beverage. And so that's the simplest expression of Power of One because they live it every day. But beyond that, let me pass it to John and Eric to talk about how they actually incentivize their route salesmen.
Eric Foss: This is Eric. I think a couple of things on Power of One. Again, if you really think about what we're trying to do from the most senior levels down to the frontline is we think Power of One can do 3 things for us. It can accelerate growth; it can eliminate or enhance our selling and service advantage, particularly at the frontline which you're referencing; and it can help us reduce costs and become a more efficient operator. I think we've made a couple of moves: One, we do have an incentive structure at the senior level, where both the Frito and the beverage system is incented on a North America wide number. So that's a big change from where we've been historically. Second, we've harmonized our field structure so that the Frito-Lay structure and the beverage structure geographically are aligned. That has not been the case historically. And so I think those 2 things, plus a great example is, Sunday for the first time ever, as Indra mentioned in her comments, we will have a moments to say, "coupon drop." It is a very leverageable entity for our frontline to go build joint displays and to actually build that team selling effort at the frontline, I think, are great examples of how we're trying to implement Power of One from the most senior levels down through the frontline selling organization.
Indra Nooyi: But Eric, is it fair to say that snacks and beverages are a logical bundle, therefore, it's intuitively obvious that it should be pulled together.
Eric Foss: There's not 2 more compatible products if you look at it at the point of consumption for the consumer, so obviously, that makes it a very sellable proposition for our trade customers.
John Compton: And the only thing I would add to this is Eric and his team there had been a year now into integrating the businesses. First, he had to integrate PBG and PAF, PBG and PAS into NAB. And now as a frontline, Frito-Lay in the PBC teams coming together store-by-store activating because we're now giving them real programs to go activate. We are just beginning, I think, to realize that benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess 2 questions. First, Indra, on the AMP, you talked in the past about Coke went through this reset period seven years ago. Is it fair to think that your reset period sort of began middle of last year and this year, or do you think it's a more extended period?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh, you want to?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, sure. Mark, it's Hugh. I think we've really been investing in that in beverages over the last couple of years. If you think back, it was really in 2008 when we started to redo the packaging. In 2009, we obviously carried that forward in a significant way and then obviously, brought the bottling organization and PepsiCo together. And then in addition to that, we've obviously been sort of working our way through the brands with Gatorade, and now we've been doing things with Tropicana and Pepsi. So I think it's fair to say, we've been doing this over the course of the last couple of years as opposed to just a year or so. And from what we see, it really is yielding results both in terms of the performance of the business from a volume standpoint, as well as from the brand equity scores, which we have seen strengthened across the vast majority of the portfolio. So I think we're a couple of years into it at this point.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. But Hugh, I think it's also safe to say that we are making these additional investments while delivering great earnings performance.
Hugh Johnston: That's correct.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I mean, obviously, you're going to be growing it past '11. But in terms of the notion of step functioning it, do you believe that you've step functioned it, you're done step-functioning at the end of this year?
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I think generally speaking, Mark, we're comfortable with the amount of money we have in the business, and we're comfortable that we can manage it within our guidance and within the portfolio.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then shifting over to the nutrition business, which is multi-geography, multi-division. Can you give us an update on how you're managing the communication, the planning on the tracking of performance for that business, which includes multiple managers in multiple regions?
Indra Nooyi: Mark, to tell you, the primacy of the P&L at Pepsico is the regions. So PAS, PAB, Europe and EMEA is the primacy of the P&L, and that's where all the execution metrics exist, and that's where they really worry about how you bring products to life in each of the channels with each of the customers. So that's the primacy of the P&L. If you look at any large multinational company, there's always a matrix. There's a regional organization and global segments, and primacy is usually with one or the other. In PepsiCo, it's for the region. But in the past, we've never had global segments that harmonized platform, harmonized brand architecture and really looked at how to leverage the power of the company. And in PepsiCo, in particular, we've remained regionally focused. We came to the realization that the Global Nutrition Group needed to be managed globally, purely from an innovation, brand architecture, platform development perspective, not from managing the day-to-day P&L. So the GNG group is responsible for helping generate top line growth and ensuring that it's top line growth with good gross margin. And then what they have is the regional representatives into GNG, where each region or big country cluster gives input to GNG on what they need for their regions so that the GNG platform development can be consistent with what the regions need. And again, this is not in 200 countries. We're focused on 15 countries, and that's what we are using as the first push to drive the GNG growth. And this sort of wiring started the day we formed GNG. And the Global Nutrition Group works with each of the sector heads in each of the regions to make sure that there's a constant dialogue between the 2 to make sure the innovation actually yields top line and bottom line results.
Operator: And our final question will be from Damian Witkowski of Gabelli.
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: I wanted to dive into North America a little bit more, U.S. in particular, and get your thoughts on strength across different channels, not just in the first quarter but what you're seeing through today. And as the construction worker back, is it getting better in the C&G channel and such? And then even if you look at the U.S. across West Coast, East Coast in the Middle, and sort of, are you seeing a different pattern of recovery across those regions?
Indra Nooyi: John?
John Compton: Our C-store business has been improving, but remembering it's coming off of sort of a declining channel a couple of years ago, and it's rolling again. We really haven't -- the first question I think we had this morning was around the gas prices, we haven't seen any massive channel shifts so far. We really haven't seen major regional shifts. Although within markets, there are ups and downs. But in total, I don't see any major shifts taking place. Eric, have you seen any?
Eric Foss: No. I think if you look at our business, I mean and particularly in small formats, C&G, FoodService dollar, drug, all of those channels were strong in the quarter, and those are the channels that we tend to see impacted by the construction worker, et cetera. So I think our business in the small format channel, in particular, is very strong.
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: So you're actually seeing traffic being positive in those -- in the C&G channel?
John Compton: Yes, we have seen traffic being positive.
Indra Nooyi: The net numbers we should look at is overall food and beverage in North America was up 2%, 2.5%. And within that, there's a lot of channel shifting going. Convenience stores are back in focus because people are using that to do fill-up shopping right now rather than going to a large retailer, because they don't have the money to go to large retailer and make whole purchases, they're using convenience stores to top up. So let me just summarize our call today. Overall, we are pleased with our Q1 results because they came in line with our expectations, our top line was strong. Commodities inflation will continue to be a challenge for us and everyone in the industry for the foreseeable future, but we'll continue to prudently manage the business, balancing volume, pricing and productivity, and we remain committed to our full year financial outlook.  So with that, thank you for joining us.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes PepsiCo's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eric Foss - Chairman of Pepsi Bottling Group, Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Bottling Group and Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Beverages Company Jamie Caulfield - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Hugh Johnston - Chief Financial Officer John Compton - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Foods and Member of Liquid Refreshment Beverage Oversight Council
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to PepsiCo's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Caulfield, you may begin.
Jamie Caulfield: Thank you, operator. With me today are Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; and Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo's CFO. Indra will lead off today's call with a review of our overall performance and outlook, and then Hugh will cover the financial and operating results and the financial guidance in more detail. We'll then move on to Q&A, where we'll be joined by the CEOs of each of our businesses: John Compton from PepsiCo Americas Foods; Massimo d'Amore from PepsiCo Beverages Americas; Eric Foss from Pepsi Beverages Company; Zein Abdalla from PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif from PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa.  During today's call, unless otherwise noted, all references to net revenue growth are on a constant currency basis, and all reference to division operating profit growth and EPS growth are on a core constant currency basis. I'll refer you to today's earnings release for more details. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statements. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. And finally, you should refer to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website under Investor Presentations to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased with the results we reported earlier this morning for the fourth quarter and for the full year and with the substantial progress we've made this year in further strengthening PepsiCo. We delivered great performance for the year by achieving core constant currency EPS growth of 12% and $6.9 billion in management operating cash flow, excluding certain items. Our financial performance is underpinned by very strong performance across all our businesses, and I would like to recognize the superb performance of our many associates around the world.  Now details on our performance. We grew worldwide volumes in both snacks and beverages and the volume gains were broad-based, a reflection of the attractiveness of the categories we compete in and of our strong competitive positions around the world. We maintained our clear global leadership in snacks, and in beverages we had very good global growth. We exited 2010 with growth in the important North American beverage market. We maintained our leadership position in liquid refreshment beverages with volume and value share in measured channels. Outside North America, we had very strong volume growth in the key emerging markets of China, India, Russia and Turkey. We're heading into 2011 as an even better, more capable organization.  So let me point to four key examples. We've completed the acquisitions of and largely integrated our anchor bottlers. This has made us more nimble, efficient and aligned across the enterprise in North America and in Europe. I'm pleased to report that almost one year into the integration, both the strategic and financial benefits we anticipated when we initiated the acquisitions are being realized. We exceeded our synergy target for 2010, and we have increased our estimate of the total synergies we expect to realize for 2012. The integration of the operations, which has been a major undertaking to be sure has gone smoothly, and we are meeting or exceeding virtually all of our key integration targets. Second, we set up our investments in 2010 in two key areas, brand building and emerging markets infrastructure. We've increased our A&M behind key brands like Gatorade, Pepsi MAX and the incremental A&M budget is embedded in our financials going forward. And we also increased our spending in emerging markets selling and distribution systems by putting more coolers in the market and adding route and distribution capacity ahead of the growth. Third, we just closed on the acquisition of Wimm-Bill-Dann, Russia's premier food and beverage company with leading dairy and juice brands. The acquisition strengthens our businesses in Russia and the broader Eastern Europe and CIS region where we already operate from a position of strength. Just as importantly, the addition of Wimm-Bill-Dann gives us a strong foothold in the attractive dairy category. Fourth, we established our Global Nutrition Group to accelerate the growth of our functional and nutritious products portfolio. This effort will accelerate our innovation, research and development and strengthen our position in this attractive nutrition space. Our leadership team is now in place, and we'll continue to invest against this important initiative. Let me be clear. This is not a new focus area for us. This is an area where we already have great global and local brand and a $13 billion base now, including Wimm-Bill-Dann. We have five nutrition brands which are over $500 million, including three that are over $1 billion at retail. We're one of the top three global nutrition players today and we're building off of a great base and with a footprint and capability of a $60 billion enterprise which means we have real critical mass. Next, in 2010, we performed very well and at the same time took advantage of our financial strength and flexibility to make important investments in the long-term health of the business. As we head into 2011, we are very mindful of the challenging competitive and economic landscape. In developed markets where there are some signs of economic recovery in terms of GDP growth, the consumer outlook remains challenging. Unemployment is still high and consumer confidence measures are still not where they need to be. Those will likely continue to impact demand and the consumer will continue to be highly value conscious. On the other hand, we are fairly bullish on emerging markets, where our growth has been strong. Commodity costs represents a major headwind for us in 2011. Like every other CPG [Consumer Packaged Goods] company, we expect to see very high levels of inflation in 2011. We're driving productivity to offset as much of the inflation as possible and in normal circumstances, wed have addressed the remainder of the inflation with pricing. But the consumer landscape, particularly in developed markets, is shaky. And for that reason, we will be very judicious in our pricing actions because we don't want to shock the consumer with high levels of pricing and dampen demand for our products and categories. And at the same time, we have to drive a reasonable level of profit growth. So our intention is to take a balanced approach to pricing given the circumstances. But we're also prepared for what could be a highly competitive environment. We've taken all these factors into account in providing our outlook for 2011. To the positive, we have good momentum as we enter 2011. Our portfolio of snacks, beverages and nutrition product works. We have the financial flexibility to absorb some of the inflationary pressures and to effectively deal with the potentially challenging competitive situation, while still delivering what we expect will be top-tier financial results given the current environment, so I'm feeling good about 2010, feeling good about 2011.  And with that, let me turn it over to Hugh to go through the details and the operating results and our guidance.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. Great. Thanks, Indra. I'll start with a few comments on the macro environment, which I think will provide a helpful context for the discussion of the operating results. Across the globe in 2010, we saw a mixed macroeconomic picture with little meaningful improvement from where we began the year. The expected economic and consumer-led recovery that had been predicted earlier in the year never really materialized in developed markets and due to a variety of factors, inflation has dramatically increased across both developed and emerging markets. In the U.S., despite some glimmers of positive economic news, unemployment levels remain stubbornly high and GDP growth continues to be anemic. And in Latin America, while the macroeconomic picture in Mexico is moderately improving, it's still below pre-crisis levels and Venezuela continues to be an inflationary and macro-stability concern. In Europe, the macro environment across the sector remains largely unchanged with only modest GDP growth, high unemployment and the severe austerity measures impacting a number of markets, all of which continue to depress consumer confidence. On the other hand in most of the key markets in AMEA, the macros are promising as countries like China and India continue to witness robust 8% to 10% GDP growth, although inflation is a concern. So with that, turning to our division performance. Let's start with PAF, which is comprised of Frito-Lay North America, Quaker Foods North America and Latin America Foods. Frito-Lay demonstrated its ability to perform well in a challenging environment in 2010. For the full year, Frito-Lay generated positive unit growth, gained value share in salty snacks and measured channels, was one of the fastest growing CPG businesses at retail and adapted to evolving consumer needs through product innovation and finally, generated its strongest profit performance in a decade. For the full year, FLNA grew units in the low single digits. Volume declined by one point, reflecting the impact of overlapping last year's 20% More Free promotion, which was worth nearly two points of volume growth. For the full year, profit performance was very strong as a continued focus on productivity and favorable commodity cost resulted in FLNA generating 8% profit growth, the highest since 2000. At the same time, we continue to evolve the product portfolio to adapt the changing consumer needs through the introduction of products like Tostitos Artisan Recipe and regional and ethnic-themed flavors across a variety of our brands. We're also reducing the sodium in a number of our key potato chip flavors by as much as 25%, and we began our initiative to make a number of our products with all natural ingredients, no artificial flavors, no preservatives and no MSG to capitalize on one of the fastest-growing consumer trends. In the quarter, FLNA had low single digit unit growth and volume was positive and as expected. Volume was partially impacted by lapping the tail end of the 20% More Free promotion through the early part of the quarter. Profits grew 7% with continued tailwinds from commodity costs, as well as FLNA's ongoing productivity focus.  We continued our solid performance in the FoodService Channel and we also saw solid growth in the C&G channel with the success of our urban strategy, which helped to drive a nearly one point gain in salty dollar share in that channel. Stacy's Pita Chips and Sabra dips also continue to deliver strong double-digit volume growth, reflecting our success in building a scale adjacency business behind these two great brands. Performance at QFNA was quite frankly below our expectations as center of the store categories continue to be challenged. We did, however, invest in our hot oatmeal business to improve our product quality, introduce new products and increase our A&M support to restage Quaker as the preeminent health and wellness brand. We also recently announced that Jose Louis Prado will be assuming leadership for the Quaker business. Jose Louis is a 26-year PepsiCo veteran who knows how to grow businesses, he's passionate about the Quaker brand and we're confident he'll lead Quaker into its next growth chapter. Our Latin American Foods business had an outstanding year, with an acceleration of both top line and profits through the back half of the year. Full year volume increased 4%, reflecting solid growth in Mexico and throughout most of South America. Our profits in Latin America Foods grew 11%, remarkable performance given the ongoing challenges of doing business in Venezuela. Both the top line and bottom line turned in double-digit growth in the back half of the year and importantly, Brazil performance accelerated in the second half of the year with double-digit salty volume growth in the fourth quarter. In the quarter, our focus on value and investments in infrastructure and innovation drove strong performance in Latin America. Volume growth of 5% was broad-based, led by Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Argentina and Colombia. Profit grew 28% primarily through volume gains, effective net price management and a focus on controlling operating costs. Looking to 2011. We'll continue to drive growth on our core Snack business with all natural ingredients at FLNA, and our initiatives to reduce sodium and add more whole grains. Consumers have consistently told us they're looking for more snacks made with all natural ingredients and this segment is growing almost 3x faster than total food and beverage category in the U.S. So this is an attractive opportunity for FLNA. Supporting our efforts, we're increasing our advertising investments in North American snacks and Quaker Foods and have plans in place to double our North American Power of One activities between snacks and beverages. Moving on to PAB. We're pleased with the progress we've made in a highly competitive environment. We have largely completed the integration of our anchor bottlers and are delivering synergy targets above our initial estimates. We've widened our liquid refreshment beverage volume share advantage versus our primary competitor in measured channels during 2010. We invested in key brand building and innovation initiatives and are still delivering positive results from those investments. Both our business and the category returned to positive volume growth in the back half of the year and in beverages as well, we're excited about the opportunities to leverage Power of One to an even greater extent. The category delivered about a point of volume growth for the full year. Against that backdrop, our North American Beverage business delivered positive organic volume growth in the fourth quarter and for the second half of the year and had slightly better volume performance than our primary competitor in measured channels for the year and for the quarter, driven by our leadership in the faster-growing Non-Carbonated segment. Our focus continues to be on investing for profitable growth.  In 2010, we had good success with innovation and naturally sweetened zero-calorie SoBe Life Water, the Gatorade G Series and our naturally sweetened reduced-calorie Trop50 fruit juice, as well as the expansion of our super premium juice brand, Naked. At the same time, we targeted innovation on our CSD [carbonated soft drink] portfolio by relaunching zero-calorie Pepsi MAX and introducing the first mainstream all-natural CSD in Sierra Mist. In Q4, we saw another sequential improvement in our North American organic volumes with a 1% increase. Gatorade was a large part of the growth with volume up 8% in measured channels. We continue to be encouraged by the increased consumption trends and positive brand equity scores for Gatorade as we strengthen the brand through advertising and innovation behind the G Series and the expansion of our retail footprint. We've been very happy with the results of our brand building behind our reduced-calorie and natural CSD offerings as well. Pepsi MAX has doubled the rate of weekly sales volume since the date of the relaunch and has gained share, and Sierra Mist has seen a strong swing to positive volume growth since we launched Sierra Mist Natural. In juices, we launched successful new packaging and flavors of Trop50 and drove a double-digit increase in sales of our Naked Juice brand through significant improvement in brand scores and expanded distribution, and Naked remains the share leader in the super premium juice category in measured channels. And SoBe Life Water turned in another very strong year, building on our industry-leading innovation of natural zero-calorie SoBe Life Water Zero. For the year, we grew volume nearly 36% in measured channels, gained three points of volume share while our closest competitor lost share and we strengthened brand equity.  In 2011, we continue to strengthen and reposition our beverage portfolio through innovations such as our planned launch of G Series Fit, the first line of products from Gatorade designed specifically for the fitness athlete to provide fuel, fluid and nutrients before, during and after a workout. We will drive sustainable, balanced top line growth through superior execution, unlocking the growth potential of our local Foodservice business and judiciously balancing pricing needed to cover input cost inflation while providing value to our consumers. And we'll continue to transform our supply chain and drive additional productivity. The most important initiative in this area is the transition of small format Gatorade distribution to our direct store delivery system. We just executed the transition at the beginning of the year, and we're very, very encouraged by the early results. Turning to Europe. The fourth quarter capped a strong year for the division. We successfully integrated the Bottling businesses, while at the same time delivering 5% organic beverage volume growth. We made great strides toward realizing the full potential of Power of One in many markets, and we acquired Wimm-Bill-Dann which closed earlier this month. For the year, organic beverage volumes grew 5% and snacks grew 2%. The sector accelerated top line momentum in the second half of the year behind a focus on providing consumers differentiated value, increasing our marketplace competitiveness with investments in coolers and delivering locally relevant programs and promotions with our gains driven primarily in the key markets of Russia and Turkey. In Q4, Europe delivered solid performance across both snacks and beverages. Snack volume was up 3% and organic beverage volume grew 5%, with particularly strong results in key emerging markets in Eastern Europe, including Turkey. Q4 profit performance was dampened by a reduced potato crop, resulting from the extremely hot weather in Russia this past summer. This resulted in a significant shortfall in our potato harvest, but we were able to mitigate much of the impact and still deliver solid profit gains. Our Snack businesses continue to perform well in the fourth quarter in Eastern Europe. In Russia, for example, we gained three value share points in an expanding category fueled by both innovation and gains in our core Lay's product lines. Throughout the region, we continue to offer consumers differentiated value underpinned by strong commercial programs leveraging promotions, such as Walkers Rain promotion in the U.K. and the Free Money in the Bag promotion in Turkey, and we expanded our snacks product range through innovation of core and continue to expand into adjacent snack categories like nuts and seeds. Similar to snacks, beverage volume gains came primarily from Eastern Europe including Turkey and were driven by commercial programs, such as the travel promotion in Russia and the payoff from our investments in coolers in Russia and Turkey. Wrapping up Europe, we closed on the Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisition earlier this month and our team has begun to execute the integration plan there. We're excited about the benefits Wimm-Bill-Dann brings to our Eastern European business in terms of scale, operating capability and the expansion of our product portfolio, and we're equally excited about establishing a meaningful foothold in the fast-growing value-added dairy category. Asia, Middle East and Africa had an outstanding quarter to cap off an outstanding year. Volume gains in the quarter for the year were very strong in both snacks and beverages, and we strengthened our long-term competitiveness in key emerging markets through meaningful, sustainable marketplace investments. For the year, AMEA delivered snacks volume growth of 15%, beverage volume growth of 7% and net revenue gains of 15%. Operating profit performance reflected higher sugar costs and a step up in our investment spending in China, as well as lapping the 2009 gain from our Calbee transaction. In Q4, AMEA snacks volume was up 13%, beverage volume rose 8%, net revenue grew 16% and operating profit gained 23%. We delivered solid top line growth in both snacks and beverages across the region supported by a strong innovation agenda. And we're seeing positive results from our recent marketplace investments with continued double-digit snack volume growth in key emerging markets, 9% beverage volume growth in China, far outpacing our primary international competitor and double-digit beverage growth in India. Snacks delivered the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth, driven by strong gains across most emerging markets with growth in China, India and the Middle East leading the way. In China, volume growth of 28% was driven by continued strength in Lay's potato chips and nearly 50% growth in the Quaker portfolio. In India, volume grew 18%, also driven by potato chips and continued expansion of the Quaker business. Innovation including the launch of SunBites bread snacks which is delivering volumes significantly ahead of our expectations. On the beverage side, we gained volume momentum from the prior quarter, driven by double-digit growth in India, continued high-single digit growth in China and an acceleration in growth in the balance of the developing markets. In India, volume grew 11%, driven by strong double-digit growth in non-carbonated beverages. China continued its solid performance with growth driven by strong non-carb performance and high-single digit growth in CSDs. For 2011, we expect AMEA will continue to grow volume above the PepsiCo portfolio average, and we'll continue to invest in building our supply chain and distribution infrastructure in key emerging markets. Now turning to cash flow. We're extremely pleased with the strong cash flow performance for the year. Cash from operating activities and management operating cash flow, each came in better than the amounts we projected on the Q3 call, with particularly strong performance in working capital. You'll find the details on these set out in the schedules in this morning's release. And I'm pleased to report that we returned $8 billion of cash to shareholders in 2010 through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. Finally, I wanted to provide you with some additional details on our 2011 guidance. For 2011, we anticipate core constant currency earnings per share to increase 7% to 8%. Based on current spot rates, we estimate foreign exchange translation would represent approximately one to two points of benefit to our 2011 full year core EPS growth. This guidance takes into account the following factors: to the positive, synergies from the bottling acquisitions. As we announced this morning, we've increased our estimate for total synergies through 2012 to more than $550 million. We delivered more than $150 million in 2010 and the large majority of the remaining $400 million in synergies should be realized in 2011. Second, the impact of the Wimm-Bill-Dann transaction. We anticipate Wimm-Bill-Dann will add approximately $0.08 per share, which includes the transaction financing impact. Offsetting these benefits will be commodity cost headwinds. Our commodity cost inflation is expected to be in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. We'll offset a portion of the inflation with pricing and productivity, but we don't expect to fully cover the inflation. We're also factoring in the need for some flexibility to react to competitive pressures, especially in beverages. We'll also make incremental discretionary investments in brand building and in emerging markets growth. More specifically, these will largely be stepped up A&M, particularly in beverages and in S&D as we add capacity for growth in emerging markets. Below the operating line, we anticipate having negative leverage in 2011, which is driven by several factors. First, we'll invest in our global nutrition initiative, which is being managed from the corporate center. Second, we'll have higher pension cost expense related to the amortization of past losses. Third, interest expense will increase faster than operating profit as a result of higher balances, most of which is related to the bottler and Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisitions and some impact from higher rates based on the forward curves. Fourth, we'll reflect a minority interest expense at corporate related to the Wimm-Bill-Dann below the line, offsetting consolidation of Wimm-Bill-Dann's full operating result above the line. And fifth and finally, we do not expect a meaningful decrease in our effective tax rate for 2011 and estimate our full year core tax rate will be approximately 27% as it was in 2010. Moving to cash flow. We estimate CapEx will be in the mid-$3.5 billion range, which includes capital spending associated with Wimm-Bill-Dann, and we anticipate share repurchases of approximately $2.5 billion. We'll have a 53rd week in 2011 and we're treating the impact of the 53rd week as non-core, so it is not included in our core constant currency earnings growth rate guidance at all.  As you think about the phasing of 2011, our first quarter core EPS growth will likely be negative and this is driven by several factors. We're lapping a very low core tax rate from Q1 2010 when the rate was below 23%. Also, in the first quarter, we'll have higher interest expense as we lap two months of 2010 without debt associated with the bottler acquisitions and the related bottler profits for that period will not offset the higher interest because the first two months are seasonally very low from a profit performance perspective. In fact, the European operations of the former PBG and PAS operate at a loss in the first two months. So we'll likely have a mid-single digit decline in core EPS in Q1, but that's been completely factored into our full year 7% to 8% EPS guidance. Beyond 2011, we expect core constant currency EPS growth to be in the high single digits, taking into account our longer-term assessment of the competitive, economic and inflationary outlooks for the foreseeable future. Overall, our guidance reflects a balanced approach to managing our business to both deliver the short term and to build the long term.  Net, we feel great about our businesses. We operate in attractive growing categories where we have strong competitive positions globally, both in snacks and in beverages, and we have clear unmatched structural advantages with our extensive go-to-market systems, we have extraordinary operating capability, a broad geographic footprint and advantage brands.  We'll continue to leverage these advantages to drive what we believe will be top-tier results in the CPG space, and at the same time, we're making important moves to strengthen and build our core snack and beverage franchises and our large attractive Nutrition business to enhance the durability of PepsiCo's growth going forward. With that, we'll now open the lines to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bill Pecoriello of Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to have some more details around the Frito-Lay North America situation with the volume and price mix flattish in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about what your outlook is for the top line for that division? In 2011, do you plan to take more pricing? I guess later in the year some of the hedges roll off. And what do you think are the main drivers of the sluggish top line that we've been seeing recently?
Indra Nooyi: John?
John Compton: Bill, its John. We had, as you know, sequential improvement in the fourth quarter from the second and third quarter where our volume had been down 2% to 3%. As Hugh said, as we entered the fourth quarter we had four to five to six weeks of negative lapping still on the impact of the bonus bags. That finally got put behind us. We do, like every other CPG company, there was a channel where we had been impacted due to assortment, pricing and merchandising, and I'm pleased to say today that we have resolved that, and we're moving forward in a positive direction in that specific channel. We had an issue, as you know too, with SunChips. SunChips had been a fast-growing brand. We converted that business to the compostable package. That package had an issue in the marketplace in terms of the noise, and we have phased that package out, but we remain committed to having environmentally friendly package in the marketplace and we hope to in the back half of this year to do that. And third, we had some impact from "value competitors" who benefited from deflation and chose to take pricing down. We chose not to follow them down. They are now inflationary and they are starting to take prices back up. In the quarter, as Hugh said, we also invested behind this launch to get ready for the all natural conversion, and we spent behind that, and that is now rolling into the marketplace, where half of our portfolio now will be all natural, the largest gluten-free portfolio in North America, and we reduced sodium levels by 25% on some of our key products. Having said all that, to get to your question, our anticipation is that Frito-Lay can return back to sort of the low-single digit volume growth, and so far in the first part of this quarter we're pleased to start to see that.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: On the tortilla chip category, do you see that the category itself is slowing down? Or is it about share losses to some of these other niche players?
John Compton: Bill, as you've seen in the IRI data, there are -- back to the value competitor message that I gave you, there are some very low-price value unflavored tortilla chip competitors out there. On the flavored tortilla chips side, Doritos, as you know is 95% share of the marketplace and continues to grow. So on tortillas, we're hopeful that this launch into all natural is a way to differentiate that brand even further. We had a big launch behind the Fiesta Bowl to sort of kick that off, and so we're just now starting to activate the marketing from that. We also have a value brand, our own called Santitas, that we are judiciously using more aggressively, notably in the West Coast markets to compete against these low-priced competition.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Guys, I guess what I'm struggling to figure out here is a little bit of the tone. So you guys have spent a lot of capital in terms of buying the bottlers, you've spent capital in terms of buying Wimm-Bill-Dann. We'll probably see greater nutrition M&A going forward. So you're investing this capital and yet the growth rates are coming down and yet you say you feel great about the business. So can you help me triangulate on that? And I understand it's a difficult operating environment, but walk me through why you're so positive when we continue to see numbers come down here. It just doesn't kind of square up.
Hugh Johnston: I think you really have to kind of consider the big factor that's out there that we're working our way through, which is what I consider to be a very high rate of inflation. When you're talking about $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion of inflation, you're really in the 8% to 9% growth of commodity costs. So obviously, in a business that has something of an exposure to agricultural, as well as energy, that type of inflation has a pretty profound impact, and we're obviously addressing that. Now are our brands strong enough that we could price to completely cover it? Sure. But we actually don't think that's wise for our categories, we don't think that's wise for customers and consumers and for the long term. So as we add up the entirety of the portfolio and we look at the benefits that you point out and we also look at the challenges that we see both in developed market economies, as well as the high rate of inflation, we look at it and say 7% to 8% profit growth in this environment, we do expect it to be top tier. Have we invested capital in really getting into some new growth platforms? You bet. But at the same time, we're continuing to deliver strong cash flow return to shareholders. So as we really balance out our equation, there are some tough macros we're facing, but the portfolio is continuing to perform and we're continuing to compete successfully and invest behind the right things to build the durability of PepsiCo. And I think that's why we feel good about where we are and why we feel the long term. We're a terrific investment relative to what else is out there.
Indra Nooyi: John, if I can just add to this. PepsiCo today with the Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisition becomes a $63 billion company. For a $63 billion company to continue to grow EPS 7% to 8% with huge commodity headwinds and a macroeconomic situation thats iffy, deliver terrific cash flow and an ROIC that is significantly higher than cost of capital, continue its march to geographically expand the portfolio and go in to the right categories where the consumers are going in the future, which is the nutrition category, I think is an absolutely terrific performance scorecard for our company. So we feel great about it. Had we not had the continued macroeconomic sluggishness and this extraordinary commodity inflation, we are a solid double-digit player. So you've got to take all of this into consideration and understand where we're coming from, and on balance, we look at our company and say, boy, if you could find other companies like ours, you should go ahead and invest in them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Dibadj of AllianceBernstein.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: One about kind of your long-term guidance and one about price. In terms of long-term guidance, it's just odd to me that it took something like 29 minutes until you mentioned lowering your long-term EPS growth guidance, although it seems that there might be something a little bit more important to that. And I wanted to give you -- can you talk a little bit more about it, and ideally, disaggregate it into its pieces. So if you think back to your Analyst Day and some of the slides that you put up there, it's not synergies it sounds like, it's not corporate, obviously in the LOBs. Can you talk about where you're feeling the pressure, where you're estimating more pressure going forward, again, long term and quantify some of that for us, please?
Indra Nooyi: Ali, first thing. It's right up in the headlines of our earnings release, okay? So it took almost two seconds before you got to that in the earnings release. In the script, we have to tell the whole story because this is a Q4 call, if you recall, so we have to tell you what we did in Q4. We have to walk you through the businesses for a very, very large $60 billion company until we get to what to expect in 2011 and 2012 because the long-term guidance is really about 2012. Let me be crystal clear on something, if you can tell me exactly where we're going on the global macroeconomics, especially in the developed markets, if you can tell me exactly where we're going on commodity inflation, we can tell you exactly what the performance is going to be. At this point, there's considerable uncertainty, we have no idea what the commodity markets are going to look like in 2012 and beyond. We have no idea what the developed market economic situation is going to be, whether it's going to improve robustly or whether the sluggishness is going to continue. On balance, considering all these factors, we believe it's prudent to guide to a high-single digit growth. Let me be crystal clear. For a $63 billion company, which is growing top line 5%, 6%, 7% to generate high-single digit EPS growth is simply fantastic. In the CPG space, it is top-tier growth. So we have to make sure we take into account all of these factors when we give you guidance.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: So what macroeconomic situation are you modeling going forward? Are you modeling current, are you modeling worse? I mean, no one obviously has a crystal ball, but how are you guys thinking about it?
Hugh Johnston: Ali, we look at a variety of scenarios rather than model a point estimate specifically, because if one thing has been proven over the last couple of years is, with volatile economics in developed markets and a specially volatile commodity environment, for anyone to go out and try to model a point estimate and say, that's going to be my number is, frankly, either incredibly prescient or not very insightful at all. So the way we approach it actually isn't to say, here is the scenario that we're counting on. What we say is, based on this reasonable range of scenarios, some of which have unemployment a little higher, some of a little bit lower. Some of which have consumer confidence a little higher, a little lower. Some of which have inflation higher and lower. We triangulate and say, what do we think that the portfolio can do under this various set of scenarios? And based on that, what comes out of it is, we think in order to continue to invest in the business, in order to get to the new growth platforms while continuing to grow our core business, we think high-single digits is the most prudent long-term guidance. Now might that change, depending on what the economic scenarios actually evolve to, you bet. But we think right now, rather than tell you, you know what, the markets are so volatile we don't know where it's going. What we do is, we try to model a variety of them and we say, you know what, we think under almost all the scenarios we can get to high-single digits and still do the right things for the long term of the business and the long term of the equity. So that's how we get to that number.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: You mentioned a couple of times, difficult pricing environment between beverages. Can you help to segregate that a little bit, it sounds like it's more developed, but if you think about juices which we'd expect to be up, sports, CSDs, other, what are you seeing and where can we think about the highest potential of a difficult environment?
Eric Foss: Ali, it's Eric. Well, let me first of all say that, as we've said before, as we think about pricing, particularly in this kind of economic environment, our pricing strategy and approach really starts and ends with the consumer. And so if you look at what we attempted to do the latter part of 2010, if you look at how we're approaching 2011, I'd say the best word to describe how we're approaching pricing is balanced, and the reality is, is that we are trying to optimize the consumer value equation and impression, while also balancing the volume and margin trade-offs on the P&L. And so again, we talked about in fourth quarter, the fact that we initiated some post-Labor Day pricing. We did end up having to deal some of that back given the competitive conditions, but at the end of the day, we believe the right long-term approach for this business is to take a very balanced approach. We did show price appreciation in fourth quarter. We intend to show price appreciation and balance the volume price trade-off in 2011. And again, if you look at the history of the beverage category in North America, the reality is, is that there is no history that a volume at all cost mentality or taking a price-based marketing approach has any strategic or sustainable ability with it. So I think at the end of the day, if you look at what we delivered in fourth quarter, we delivered volume growth and pricing growth. We had good mix performance, we also got some rate appreciation and again, we'll take that same balanced approach into 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: You obviously have a set of assumptions incorporated in your guidance. If the business performs ahead of this, is the plan to drop that upside to the bottom line, or are there further investment opportunities on the table that you're considering?
Indra Nooyi: Why dont we talk about that when we get to that point, Kaumil. At this point, as Hugh said, we've looked at a range of scenarios and we've modeled our guidance based on that. If economies do much better than our range of scenarios, we'll come back and talk about it then.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: And then just a quick one on productivity, you mentioned you're looking for some productivity to offset the inflation, is this incremental to the programs that we've been talking about for some time? Or is this a part of the regular plans?
Hugh Johnston: No, it's part of the regular productivity that we get. We've obviously worked hard to get productivity in the algorithm this year, but it's part of our regular productivity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess for you, Indra or Eric, on the U.S. Beverage business. I was hoping you could give us kind of a state of the union. We heard a little bit from you, Eric, there on the pricing and what we've seen more recently, but the datas pretty clear. It seems like certainly in carbs and in some cases in non-carbs, you are losing share. So I was wondering if you could speak a little bit more broadly about where you think you are and besides kind of '11, if we think longer term where do you think some of the measures you're undertaking today will improve the position you're in today.
Indra Nooyi: Mark, I'm just going to give you some headlines and then toss it to Eric. Let me start by saying, we focus on measured channels because our FoodService business is much smaller. In measured channels, which is the freedom of choice channels, we gained volume share versus our principal competitor in 2010. I want to underline that. We gained volume share and we extended our lead versus our principal competitor in measured channels. I want to underline that. That's in the IRI data, you can look at it.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's a carbonated comment, Indra?
Indra Nooyi: Beg your pardon?
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is that a carbonated comment, is that an LRB [liquid refreshment beverage] comment? It's surprising to hear you say that.
Indra Nooyi: It's an LRB comment. Look the marketplace is now LRB, you can talk about segment selectively when you want to, but the LRB market, we remain the leader and we've widened our lead over our principal competitor. Look, the Foodservice business has always been a different issue for us because we were not a big player in that business. Now with the acquisition of the anchor bottlers, in 2011 and going forward, as we've told you at our Investor Meeting, we're going to focus back on the Foodservice business, but excluding Foodservice we outperformed our principal competitor on volume and gained volume share in 2010. We feel very, very good about that. Let me turn to Eric to give you more of a state of the union report card. Go ahead, Eric.
Eric Foss: Sure. I would describe the state of the union of our North America Beverage business as follows: first of all, 2010 was a year of major transformation and major progress. The reality is, is we completed the merger, not just of two companies but of three companies, which I think increases the degree of difficulty, and I think our leadership teams performed flawlessly literally across the three benchmarks I laid out early in that process, which were the milestones on progress in North America were going to be, do we complete the integration on time and do we achieve the synergies? We've done both of those. In fact, we beat the synergies last year, and we raised the long-term outlook. The second milestone is do we improve the top line of this business? In fact, we did that. We saw increased sequential volume improvements throughout the year with our best performers being in fourth quarter. We saw three quarters of top line growth, which I think is very encouraging, not just for us, but for the broad North America beverage market. Our third milestone was to improve the profitability, and again we did that each and every quarter. So again, a year of major, major progress in North America. We have very strong fourth quarter, volume was positive, top line was balanced, real strong improvement in profitability, and again as Indra mentioned, we saw positive share swing versus our primary competitor, both in fourth quarter and on a full year basis. And our performance in third quarter and fourth quarter was very, very strong across North America. So the integration is on schedule, and again, we feel very pleased with where we are. We still have opportunities and we'll address those, but at the end of the day, I think the key word to describe our North America business is a year of major transformation and a year of major progress.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wonder if we could kind of flesh out a little bit more of this spending topic, A, for U.S. beverage and then, B, where appropriate, some of the emerging market spends. But staying on the U.S. beverage side, I guess I don't know how comfortable you're going into channel intentions, but can you give us a little bit on how much of the spend increase is A&M related, how much of that is below the GP line? Just talk a little bit about some of the initiatives given your view of what's happening in U.S. beverage that you think will advance the success you think you have in '10?
Hugh Johnston: Mark, this is Hugh. When we start getting down into these low levels of details around where spend is happening, candidly, I'm not sure it's really all that productive. I think the key message is that you should walk away with from last year's spend are, number one, we invested money in brand building, particularly in the U.S. and in the North America market. And number two, we invested pretty significantly in China, and we shared both of that with you at the higher level. What was the outcome last year? Well, as we mentioned, versus our primary competitor, we gained LRB share in the U.S. in measured channels, and that was just the one place where we know there's data. And then in the other, in China, we gained CSD share versus our primary competitor. So with that level, I think we can point to it, and say, as we make these investments, the investments are working. To try to disaggregate all of the pieces of the investments, I think, is largely unproductive, and I think what we'd really leave you with is, we said last year 11% to 13% EPS growth. We delivered 12%. We're telling you this year, we're going to deliver 7% to 8% EPS growth, and we've given you some cash numbers as well. And I think at that level I think it's the appropriate conversation for us to have. So I know there's always a strong desire to get into more of the details, but frankly I think the conversations often get relatively unproductive, and the amounts of money that we're talking about in the context of a $60 billion PepsiCo, I think, that really is best left to management to manage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlos LaBoy of Credit Suisse.
Carlos LaBoy - Crdit Suisse AG: Indra, can you expand for us internationally on the incremental investment, what type of projects, where you're seeing new opportunities expand on the scope of the increase, and maybe you can tie it also into how your M&A thinking is evolving in this tough-to-forecast macro outlook and the criteria that's driving that M&A thinking?
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, investments in emerging markets continue. I mean, those markets are growing significantly top line, economies are growing. We continue to invest in India, continue to invest in China, Russia, selectively in South America. We are beginning to increase our investments in Africa, but very judiciously, and in some other countries in Southeast Asia, whether it's Indonesia or other countries in the Pacific Rim, we are beginning to look at all of these economies and seeing more opportunities for investment in our core categories. Second, from an M&A perspective, there are many tuck-in acquisition opportunities in snacks, in the Global Nutrition Group, many opportunities are coming up. Now as I mentioned to you last year, we've had more opportunities than ever before being presented to us, but again we are quite diligent in our financial analysis and unless we believe an acquisition can really create value and sort of plus up any platform that we have, we don't really make that acquisition. So we've looked at many, many deals, walked away from many, and only take on those like Wimm-Bill-Dann which give us scale, give us a window into a much larger marketplace and then can meaningfully contribute to accelerating top and bottom line for the region or for the company as a whole. So that's really what we've been focused on. And the good news is, we have a process where we track the results of all of our investments. To give you an example, China, we stepped up our investments in China in 2010, 2009 and 2010, and we're beginning to see significant volume growth because of the marketplace investments we made. So that's how we track investments and the return on the investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to go back to the Frito-Lay question, and just a couple of questions there. One, just from a category perspective, clearly the economy has had a negative impact on the trends, but just taking a step back and thinking about salty-snack as a segment within macro snacks. You've got other categories like confectionary that's growing at a faster pace, even throughout the downturn. So is salty-snack just more cyclical category that has seen more negative impact? Is it just hit the saturation level that the growth is harder to come by? And then on the pricing side, what should we be monitoring going forward to sort of gauge the ability for Frito to take more pricing to offset inflation? Is it more consumers, is it just looking at the value brands and looking at the price gap?
John Compton: Judy, this is John. Let me come back to the first part of your question around volume growth, unit growth, et cetera. As weve said, we had sort of low-single digit unit growth, so that implies that there still is the ability for Frito-Lay in the category to continue to grow. Obviously the volume was offset by the impact of the bonus bags. We were also in a deflationary environment, so no, we and others didn't price during that time frame. And to your point about confectionary, if I look at sort of who were the fastest-growing consumer packaged goods companies in North America, Frito-Lay once again was at the top tier of that. The only companies that grew faster than us were to your point confectionary, but confectionary did have inflation and there was pricing notably in the chocolate market. So there is nothing that we see. The category can at a minimum still grow with population growth, 1%, 1%. People are continuing to use mini meals throughout the day, i.e. snacking, so we still have the ability to grow occasions in our business. And as long as we remain relevant to consumer trends, be it health and wellness on the one hand, or the changing demographics on the other, or the aging of the population on the third, then we ought to continue to be able to grow the business like we have in the past. So we're optimistic as we look forward about Frito-Lay in our Snacking business overall. There are puts and takes in any given point in time. Was 2010 our best year in terms of volume? No, and we've made some changes to correct that going forward.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then on the pricing side, John? What should we be...
John Compton: Yes, sorry, I forgot that point. On the pricing side, I think I've said this on the last call, we sort of see the first six, seven months of this year, as our prices that we have in the market today we're pleased with, and there isn't a lot of price mix in Frito-Lay right now. In the back half of the year, sort of August going forward, we'll adjust as we close out our fourth quarter positions, and it's absolutely going to be inflationary. To what degree yet, we haven't finalized.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Hugh, you've cited some below the segment operating income expenses that will hit 2011 like pension expenses, the investment behind the Global Nutrition Group. Can you quantify how much those are?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so Judy, again, what we're really trying to do is get everyone zeroed in on the EPS rather than get into all the individual elements of what's going on inside of the P&L. As I mentioned, if anything we'd expect to see from operating profit down to EPS flat to negative leverage. So I think from that you should have enough information to basically model what they'd look like in total.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you. Let me just wrap up. We feel good about the year we just delivered. We feel great about the progress we've made in strengthening our businesses. We feel good about the momentum we have going into 2011, and we feel good about delivering on our targets we've shared with you today. If we can leave you with one single message, we expect to make our portfolio work to deliver top-tier performance in 2011, just as we have in recent years. Thank you for joining us this morning. I look forward to speaking with you again soon and seeing those of you who'll be at CAGNY later this month. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes PepsiCo's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn Tyson - SVP, IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Hugh Johnston - CFO John Compton - PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo d'Amore - PepsiCo Beverages Americas Eric Foss - Pepsi Beverages Company Zein Abdalla - PepsiCo Europe Saad Abdul-Latif - PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa
Analysts: John Faucher - JPMorgan Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Christine Farkas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Lynn A. Tyson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Lynn A. Tyson: Thank you. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Indra Nooyi; and CFO, Hugh Johnston. Indra will lead off today's call with a brief overview of our overall performance, and then Hugh will review our third quarter operating and financial results. We will then move to Q&A, where we we'll be joined by the CEOs of our operating divisions: John Compton of PepsiCo Americas Foods; Massimo d'Amore of PepsiCo Beverages Americas; Eric Foss of Pepsi Beverages Company; Zein Abdalla of PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa. After Q&A, we will end with some closing comments from Indra. Along with our remarks today, I encourage you to review our newly improved earnings web deck. This document is already posted on our Website at pepsico.com/investors. Our goal with this expanded web deck, which we launched last quarter is to give additional context to our quarterly results and long-term strategic initiatives. I welcome your feedback on this document. Our fourth quarter activities Indra speaking in December at Beverage Digest Future Smarts Conference in New York. And in November, she will present at the Morgan Stanley Conference which will also be held in New York. During today's call, unless otherwise noted, all references to net revenue growth are on a constant currency basis, and all reference to EPS growth and division operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. Please read our Q3 earnings release for more details. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. And finally, you should refer to the investors section of PepsiCo's Website under Financial News to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results. With that, let me turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks Lynn, and good morning everyone. I want to highlight three significant takeaways from PepsiCo's performance this quarter. First, in a very challenging macro environment, we delivered great results for Q3 on the top-line, bottom line and cash flow. Second, while delivering these strong results, we are investing in both innovation in brands and these investments are already yielding returns. And third, consistent with what we shared with you in March, we are making strategic investments to transform PepsiCo in specific ways that we believe will enhance our competitiveness, solidify our growth and expand the value of the company well into the future. So let me turn to the first key takeaway, our strong results. As we've discussed in recent calls, there's been very little improvement in the consumer and economic environment. Looking at the markets in which we operate, there is no doubt that economic uncertainty and high unemployment levels are keeping a consumer-led recovery at bay in many regions, especially in developed markets like the United States and Western Europe. We expect these conditions to persist, and are planning accordingly with a keen eye on delivering value to customers with an efficient cost structure to ensure that we remain competitive and grow profitably. Our ability to accelerate profitable growth this quarter in both developed and developing markets demonstrates our ability to control costs, while levering the significant advantages provided by the scale and breadth of our portfolio. In the quarter, volume in our global snacks portfolio was up 2%, and volume in our global beverage portfolio was up 11%. That growth fuels a 41% increase in net revenue, and a 29% increase in division operating profit. Core constant currency EPS grew 15%. Year-to-date, management operating cash flow, excluding certain items was up 29% to $5.3 billion. And this strong cash flow allowed us already to achieve our 2010 target of repurchasing $4.4 billion of stock by the third quarter. And while developed countries are challenging, we are seeing healthy consumer spending in emerging countries, with strong GDP growth in countries such as China, India and Brazil, as well as those that are improving like Russia and Turkey. In fact, in our emerging markets, snacks volume grew at a high single digit rate, while beverage volumes grew at a mid-teens rate. Throughout the world though, consumers remain very value-conscious. This is where the advantages that PepsiCo possesses, in granular management of productivity and local execution in the market drove differentiated performance this quarter. For example, at Frito-Lay we've launched a new urban program that targets close to 100,000 underserved retail partners. This program is dedicated to leveraging the power of our direct-store-door delivery system to bring these retailers more relevant product categories at more attractive (price points). In markets where we have rolled out this program, our top-line has grown at two to three times the average of our base business. And now, through the Power of One, we will leverage this program across both our snacks and beverage businesses. More broadly, at PepsiAmericas Beverages, we have worked aggressively to capture post-merger SG&A cost synergies, and we're now on track to hit above $150 million in synergies this year. Now, we're focused on operating revenue synergies that will help fuel top-line momentum going forward. For example, in the third quarter, we announced that early next year we will start distributing Gatorade to small format stores through our DSD systems. As you know, this is a major shift that could not have come without the Bottler acquisitions and this will bring additional go-to-market strength to the many ongoing improvements we're making to the Gatorade brand and product portfolio. But while we continue to see improving trends across our business in North America, the power of PepsiCo's balanced portfolio may be even more evident in Europe. Our snacks business there continued to perform well with 3% volume growth driven by differentiated value offerings such as the rollout of our successful Do Us a Flavour snack promotion in Holland, Poland and Turkey. Simultaneously, the European beverage business grew by 10% organically, where our consumer-focused commercial programs drew at least one point of CSD value and volume share in key markets such as the U.K., Russia and Turkey. Our balance is also evident geographically, where on an organic basis we grew a solid 6% in Western Europe and 14% in Eastern Europe. In summary, all of these results demonstrate the strength and balance of our portfolio in delivering sequential improvement in business performance through a difficult macroeconomic environment. And I'm pleased to say that we gained LRV share versus our closest competitor in both North America and in Europe. Let me turn now to my second key takeaway. Our positive performance this quarter clearly benefited from focused investments we are making in product innovations and stepped-up brand building in key areas of our portfolio. For example, Frito-Lay's salty snack value share gains were aided by the launch of Lay's all natural regional flavors. These are products that allow us to elevate our core portfolio in the near term, and we are targeting to have about 50% of our portfolio all natural by the end of 2011. I know that some of you recently visited Frito Lay's culinary center and experienced firsthand some of the wonderful products we're developing, such as the Tostitos Artisan products. Hundred percent of our Tostitos chips are naturally made with whole grain corn. These will enable us to make our snack portfolio more wholesome while retaining the best characteristics of our snack products. We're also expanding further into adjacencies. For example, we continue to expand our Dip portfolio, leveraging our fantastic Sabra brand and we're broadening our bread-based platforms through Twistos and (inaudible). At Quaker, after several quarters of increased investment we have brought to market a promising combination of improved quality and value, product innovation and a creative new brand building campaign. This launches off to a good start, driving both market share gains and sequential improvement in volume, revenue and operating profit performance as we continue to turnaround this very important business. At Pepsi Americas Beverages, in the United States we had a positive swing in LRB volume share versus our closest competitor, driven by the very successful launch of our Gatorade Performance series and strength across our tea portfolio. Also our relative carbonated soft drink volume share position strengthened sequentially in the quarter versus our closest competitor aided by the re-launch Pepsi Max. we also launched the first natural mainstream CSD Sierra Mist Natural which is made with five simple ingredients and nothing artificial. This is a large opportunity and allows consumers to have what they love about CSDS while removing some key barriers. We launched this product only a few weeks ago. And advertising has just kicked in across multiple media vehicles. On October 9, we will hand out over 10 million full can samples at Wal-Mart super centers across America. The largest sampling event either Pepsi or Wal-Mart have ever undertaken. In addition to the sampling event, we have put a full year's worth of marketing support in the fourth quarter of 2010 with continued heavy support in 2011, which leads me then to the third key takeaway I shared at the start of the call. Even as we're investing to improve near term performance, we're also investing to advance the longer term strategic initiatives we shared with you at our Investor Meeting in March. Let me touch on two of these initiatives, Power of One and Nutrition Co. as examples of who we're building long term growth potential in shareholder value. Many of you ask us whether the Power of One is anything more than just joint merchandising or can you really change the way you go to market and service your customers in a way that drives accretion for PepsiCo? Good question and the answers are; yes, and yes. Our focused Power of One teams have a whole range of initiatives underway designed to provide enhanced solutions to our customers, to better optimize our advantage supply chain and also to enhance organizational effectiveness and efficiency. For example, for our customers in the United States, we have streamlined our customers facing resources and shopper insight themes under one organization. And we've held joint planning and growth summits with our largest customers with the focused effort to provide Power of One insights and solutions. We have dedicated Power on One resources in each region. And we're increasing by tenfold, the number of sales leaders selling Power of One solutions. To enhance organizational effectiveness and efficiency, in the United States, we're harmonizing our regional structures for beverages and snacks which will allow us to better balance size and scale, shed geographic boundaries and align Power of One accountability and performance targets. On the marketing side, our teams have also driven unprecedented levels of Power of One activation in both the grocery and convenience channel. For over 70% of our grocery business, or about 200 plus customers, we have Power of One ads, growth and inventory on display and increased revenue. From July through September, we have 20,000 convenience outlets featuring Power of One activation, all of which was incremental to last year. And while the Super Bowl has traditionally been a strong shared merchandising opportunity for us, we are kicking it up a notch next year with the joint advertising of Frito Lay and Pepsi throwback products and also Pepsi Max. We're just beginning to scratch the surface of the vast opportunities available to us right here in the United States. So let me now turn to Nutrition Co. I'm very pleased to announce today that we're establishing the global nutrition group within PepsiCo. The creation of this group is consistent with the vision we shared with you in March. And our goal is to take roughly the $10 billion portfolio today and grow it into a $30 billion nutrition business by 2020. The good news is that we're starting from a strong position with high quality nutritious brands like Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade, Naked Juice, (inaudible) Soups, Sabra Dips, Pandora and Lebedyansky Juices just to name a few. Our objective is to position PepsiCo globally as a leader in wholesome and convenience nutrition. We believe we can leverage our great portfolio brands across four target platforms; fruit and vegetables, grains, dairy and functional nutrition to put PepsiCo in a uniquely advantageous position to win in the $500 billion global market for packaged nutrition. To enable us to move even more aggressively towards our goal, today we announced several organization changes as to accelerate our progress. Dr. Mehmood Khan, our Chief Scientific Officer and Corporate Leader of Research and Development will assume additional responsibility as the CEO of the new global nutrition group reporting directly to me. Based in Chicago, this group will collaborate with businesses across the globe to ensure rapid growth of our nutrition portfolio. They will be responsible for the following: first, the global product innovation agenda for fruits and vegetables, grains and dairy. Second, functional nutrition, expanding beyond sports nutrition into new functional arenas overtime. Third, nutrition services, providing education and incentives to help consumers change and sustain behaviors related to nutrition. Jaya Kumar, President of Quaker foods North America and previously Chief Marketing Officer of Frito Lay North America will move into a role as President Global Nutrition platforms reporting to Mehmood. To ensure a smooth transition, Jaya will maintain responsibility for Quaker North America until the successor is named. With this new group, we will be able to harness the best of PepsiCo by retaining the operating capability for these businesses in the sector, while centralizing very important innovation development of nutrition products based on science. Mehmood and his team will work closely with all four PepsiCo sectors to integrate these innovations appropriately to each of the regional organizations in these sales and distribution systems. So taking a step back, I would summarize the quarter as follows. We believe we delivered balanced top quartile performance in a very challenging macro environment. Even more importantly, we achieved this while investing in near term opportunities like innovation in brand building, and a longer term initiative that will transform PepsiCo and expand the value of the company well into the future. With that, Hugh, let me turn the call over to you.
Hugh Johnston: As you review our results, you will see that our teams did a tremendous job balancing growth and investments while delivering on profitability and cash. Even in an economic environment that continues to be challenging, our steadfast commitment to surgical investments is producing results. That's why we've decided to maintain and where it's warranted step up our investment plans in the second half of this year while targeting 11% to 12% growth in core constant currency EPS for the full year. This step up in investment is incremental to the $0.10 per share in strategic spending that we earmarked at the beginning of the year. In total, these investments include: first, expanding our beverage footprint in China, which is expected will be the world's largest LRB market by 2015 and the source of more than one of ever three LRB cases in the next five years. This includes investment and routes, coolers, systems and additional capacity. Second, revitalizing our North American beverage business with increased investments in innovation and brand building, including our partnership with Senomyx as well as increased levels of support for Pepsi Max and Sierra Mist. Third, laying a firm foundation for our Global Nutrition Group by reinforcing a key pillar for our preeminent health and wellness brand, Quaker. And finally, adding to our world-class R&D capabilities through building a brand new Fruit and Juice research center in Hamburg German to support our European juice businesses, expanding our salt reduction technology, and research in delivering whole grain nutrition in beverage forms using technology that is proprietary to PepsiCo. All of these investments are closely scrutinized. Each business case must show a positive return on investment and drive directly or indirectly the long-term value of the company. And our business leaders are held accountable for the capital they request. As I review our operating results, I'll highlight in more detail some of these investments and the returns that they are already generating. So let me start with PAF. FLNA division operating profit grew 10% on a 1% increase in net revenue. Volume growth, which was 2%, improved sequentially as did our leverage from net revenue to profit, driven by a lower commodity cost, topline performance and Frito-Lay's focus on productivity. Units were up low single digits, which as we said last quarter is a good proxy for consumer poll of our products as the business overlaps last year's 20% more free promotion. We finished that overlap very early in the fourth quarter. So we do expect that unit growth to translate to pound growth in the fourth quarter. In the quarter, FLNA gained 70 basis points of gained salty-snack value share and posted the fastest growth among top 20 food and beverage companies in measured channels. As Indra mentioned, we are having great success with our Lays all-natural local flavors which helped to drive solid revenue growth for the brand. Additionally, we continue to see double-digit volume growth in our Stacy's and Sabra products as we further our expansion into adjacent snack categories. Our Foodservice business was also a strength, driven by the very successful $2 Meal Deal promotion with Taco Bell. This is another example of how we strive to provide value offerings to our consumers through the power of one with our great customer partners, and we're looking to extend this promotion. At QFNA, we saw improved sequential performance with volume down just 1%, net revenue down 3.5% and operating profit down 5.5%. As we said last quarter, we've been making investments in innovation and value to restage the Quaker brand as the preeminent health and wellness brand and to return the business to profitable growth. The majority of our instant oatmeal products have been reformulated with 25% less sugar, all natural flavors, a hardier texture and improved taste. We are giving consumers the product experience that they've always loved with our standard oatmeal, but with the convenience of instant. We've also launched new innovative offerings targeted to two important consumer groups: Hearty Medleys, a multi-grain oatmeal for boomers made with real fruit and nuts; and Mix-Up Creations, a healthy create-your-own oatmeal for kids. The early read is positive with shipments and distribution exceeding our expectations. The fourth quarter is a key selling season for oatmeal, and we are supporting our new product launches with in-store sampling, print, digital and social media support. We expect to see continued sequential improvements in both topline and profit performance from Quaker in the fourth quarter as our new product innovation takes hold and our investments in innovation and value begin to pay back. However, we expect it will take several quarters for our restaging program to fully take hold and get us to where we want to be with this powerful brand. In our Latin American Foods business, volume was up 5%, net revenues were up 12% and operating profit rose 22%. As expected, we're starting to see our investments in new routes, continued focus on value, marketplace execution and innovative promotions to drive improved volume results. Also, effective net price realization drove strong volume to net revenue leverage, and the strict cost control focus drove flow-through from revenue to operating profit. Throughout the Latin America region, macros remain mixed however. Mexico is showing moderate improvement, although they are still below pre-crisis levels. In South America, there are pockets of real strength, but Venezuela continues to be challenged. Our Latin American team's ability to navigate through shifting economic landscapes has been a long-standing capability for PepsiCo. For example, Sabritas delivered strong volume growth through continued focus on value, strong marketplace execution and innovative programs that drive consumer engagement. Our Pake-Taxo value brand continues to show strong growth, and year-to-date the sales of this brand alone now exceed the total sales of each of our top different categories. Gamesa grew volumes across all channels behind the successful execution of a soccer promotion which featured cash prizes. We also benefited from the marketplace investments we made earlier in the year when we added 150 incremental routes which are now fully optimized. Additionally, we gained 1.6 points of value share, a 3.6 point favorable swing versus our nearest competitor. In South America, volume growth accelerated from Q2 with strong performance in Brazil, Argentina and Chile. Turning now to PAB, volume was up 13%, net revenue was up 118% and operating profit was up 79% as we continue to benefit from the impact of the bottler acquisitions. Acquisitions contributed 14 points to PAB's volume growth. Despite what remains a difficult consumer and retail environment, excluding the impact of acquisitions, volume in North America was flat, a sequential improvement of 1 point versus the second quarter. Our belief in the long-term attractiveness and resiliency of the liquid refreshment beverage category has been bolstered as we are starting to see some positive signs of recovery in the category and expected to return to modest growth this year. We are being judicious though and will continue to concentrate our efforts on specific categories that offer opportunities for profitable growth, while also maintaining pricing discipline. We are focusing our resources, innovation, messaging and execution against these specific opportunities and we're increasing our investments in brand building to support the growth. We are starting to see the pay off from our efforts, as evidenced by the positive swing in total LRB volume share versus our nearest competitor that we achieved in the quarter. The integration of our bottling businesses is proceeding in line with our expectations. We're on track to deliver our full year synergy target and continue to look for further opportunities across a number of markets that will drive savings and incremental revenue in the future. As Indra mentioned, we are moving beyond delivering pure cost synergies to now realizing top-line benefits and truly unlocking the strategic value of the merger. Let me pause here and highlight the significance of being able to distribute Gatorade via DSD and the convenience of up and down the street channels. This is an important unlock for us. With this move, we'll align our go-to-market actions in small format giving us strength in every product category and throughout the cold bulk. This is a great example of how we're using PepsiCo's broad set of go-to-market systems to better serve our customers with more frequent service, fewer out of stocks and greater flexibility and responsiveness while improving our own economics by adding scale and increasing drop sizes. In the quarter, we accelerated volume growth in Gatorade through our transformation of the brand which centers on innovation with the new G-series products, the expansion of our retail footprint and a targeted efficacy message aimed at rebuilding the brand's credentials. While we benefited from favorable weather, we are encouraged by our progress as the growth was across all channels in both ambient and cold formats. Our brand health metrics also continue to improve. And both our prime and recover products continue to do extremely well. While it is still early days, we are very pleased by the marketplace reaction and our recent results. Another example of the power of an integrated beverage company is in food service where the merger removed historical structural barriers and created new growth opportunities. We're already making great progress by getting new business via commissaries and we are not stopping there. We're using our Power of One sales teams to sell in the entire PepsiCo portfolio across the largest workplace, healthcare and education accounts. We are already well on our way to doubling our market penetration this year, and have plans to continue the expansion. Regarding CSDs, clearly the overall category continues to be challenging. In this environment, it is imperative that we drive differentiated innovation, targeted at the current and future profitable segments of the category. We will do this while we are refining our price pack offerings by channel and occasion and striking the right balance between value, volume and profitability. For instance, we are actively addressing two of the key barriers to CSD consumption, artificiality in calories through innovation and consumer engagement to rebuild our CSD momentum. Prime examples of this are Sierra Mist Natural and Pepsi Max. Indra already touched on Sierra Mist. I'll talk a little bit about Pepsi Max. The re-launch of Max is off to a great start and we are investing heavily in our zero-calorie, maximum Pepsi taste communications. We've already stepped up our brand building support for Max through a multi-year effort to raise the zero calorie awareness among consumers. You'll see more of this during the Power of One super bowl line up in January. Finally, we announce the collaboration with Senomyx to develop new sweetener systems. The real challenge is to create products that are not only healthier but also taste great. And Senomyx has unique technologies to allow us to improve the nutritional profile of our products without sacrificing taste. This will complement the work of our current partners and internal R&D teams are undertaking and will help us achieve our health and wellness goals of reducing calories and artificiality in our beverage products including our commitment to reduce added sugar per serving by25% in key brands in key markets over the next decade. This relationship with Senomyx reflects our increasingly long-term approach through research and development as well as our belief that global food and beverage companies can play an important role in identifying new ingredients that can lead to healthier products. Turning to Europe, we delivered a very strong quarter with sequential improvements in top line growth across both snacks and beverages. Year-over-year snack volume was up 3%, beverage volume up 17%, net revenue up 55% and division operating profit up 45%. Europe's results continue to be positively impacted by the inclusion of the Bottling acquisition. The macro environment we faced in the second quarter remains largely unchanged and we expect only modest GDP growth across Europe. Unemployment remains high and the impact of austerity measures in a number of markets continues to depress consumer confidence. Despite the mixed economic picture however, we're seeing underlying growth return across snacks and beverages in several key markets. Our snacks business improved significantly in Eastern Europe and matched the strong growth we saw in the second quarter in Western Europe. This performance was underpinned by the success of our incremental investments this year in strong commercial programs. We built our flavored cup promotion around soccer in the U.K. and expanded our Benenuts nuts products into Poland. We continue to offer consumers differentiated value by leveraging successful concepts such as Do Us a Flavor which ran in Holland, Poland and Turkey as well as new programs such as travel promotions in Russia. Beverage volume grew 17 points, but importantly we delivered 10% growth excluding the acquisition impact. This represents a six point sequential improvement in organic growth over the second quarter. While there was a sequential improvement in volume growth in Western Europe, the majority of the six point sequential improvement came form Eastern Europe where we've been aggressively adding new routes and colors. A strong commercial calendar helped us capture share while an unusually hot summer helped to drive category growth. Our consumer focused commercial programs continue to drive strong volume growth. And we delivered dollar share gains in key markets such as Russia, Turkey, Spain and the U.K. As with snacks, most markets focused their activity around soccer and our promotions continued to generate a very positive response from consumers. We also have kept up the momentum on our differentiated value programs, with our text message programs in Turkey enjoying strong consumer uptake. While the unusually hot summer in Eastern Europe has helped our beverage volume, it has also affected crop harvest in the region. As a result we absorbed higher than planned input cost for our snack business in the quarter and this will continue into the fourth quarter. Turning down to AMEA snack volume was up 16%, beverage volume rose 4% and net revenue grew13%. As expected, Division Operating Profit declined 19% as AMEA overlapped more than 30 points of operating profit growth associated with the contribution of our snacks business in Japan last year to form a joint venture with Kelbey Foods Company, the snacks market leader in Japan. Profit growth was also impacted by our decision to invest in longer term strategic initiatives in both our snacks and beverage business in this key growth region, especially in China. AMEA delivered top line growth across both snacks and beverages and we successfully defended our CSB in savory share positions in many markets despite competitive challenges. Snack volumes continue to grow in the mid-teens, driven by double digit gains in India, China, the Middle East and Indonesia. In India, volume growth was up over 20% behind the continued success of our marketing efforts such as Lay's Give Us Your Delicious Flavor promotion, new product innovations like Kurkure which is tailored to local consumer taste and the strong performance of our Quaker brands. In China, snack volume grew 15% driven by potato chip growth and distribution gains on Quaker. Across the balance of the region our results were supported by new product introduction such as SunBites in Thailand, Nori Seaweed flavor Lay's potato chips in Vietnam and Doritos Tandoori Chicken in Egypt. In beverages, volume growth was driven by double digit gains in Egypt and in Thailand. China's growth of 9% reflects continued strong growth NTBs and high single digit growth in CSDs as we stepped up our marketplace investments in Routes, Coolers and brand building. Adding to the NTB growth was the national launch of our Tropicana Pulp Sacs product, which is helping to drive record high brand scores as well as share gains. While the CSD category in China continues to be challenged, we grew our CSD share behind gains in Mirinda and 7UP, and we remain the leader in the (Cola) segment. We are well-positioned to realize the long term potential of the many developing markets in this region. The investments we have in place are bearing fruit and we still have a long way to go. We will continue to invest in innovation and build scale businesses to expand our footprint across beverages and snacks especially in China and India. And increase our sales and go to market capability. China is expected overtake U.S. as the world's largest packaged foods market by 2014 and as the second largest food and beverage company in the world, it is imperative that we expand our footprint in this critical market. Now, let me turn to our outlook for the year. We are on track to deliver EPS results within our original target range. With three quarters of the year now behind us, we are tightening our range to our 11% to 12% growth in core constant currency EPS for 2010. We expect to deliver on our full year EPS target while also investing in many of the initiatives that we've talked about this morning. As the result of our strong operating productivity, focused investments and working capital discipline this year, we now expect to deliver about $8 billion in cash flow from operating activities with management operating cash flow excluding certain items and net of capital expenditures of about $6.1 billion. That is about $500 million higher than our previous forecast. Net CapEx should total about $3.3 billion which includes about $200 million in capital investments related to the bottler acquisition. We expect to capture about $150 million in synergies from the bottling acquisitions of this year with $400 million in annual savings once following implemented by 2012. And lastly, we still expect our full year reported tax rate to be roughly 23% to 24% which reflects a benefit of about four percentage points from non-core items. Before we get to Q&A, let me leave you with the few of my own observations about the quarter. First, we delivered on our EPS commitments while responsibly balancing growth, investments, profitability and liquidity. Second, we are making clear strides in the revitalization of our North American beverage business in key strategic areas and we are delivering on the benefits of the acquisitions. Third, our scale geographic footprint and broad product portfolio positions us well to capture growth and improve our performance across all the regions in product categories.  Overall, we feel very good about PepsiCo's performance and also about PepsiCo as an investment. We deliver strong steady cash flow and we convert that cash to shareholder return with a solid dividend yield plus an attractive share repurchase program. Further, we have both geographic and product portfolio diversity that offers the prospect of growth and durability in operating performance. In some, even while the consumer, financial and economic environment difficult and challenging, we believe that Pep is an equity that is built to perform. With that I would like to turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Our first question is coming from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: So, Indra, I guess this is the second fourth quarter in a row where we have seen guidance come down for additional spending. And so, we're generally seeing a high level of competitive spending across consumer staples right now. So I think if you look at this there is some concern that the reduction in guidance for additional spending is simply a reaction to higher competitive spending levels what have you, or potentially just simply if you look at the margins heading out to 2011, they are still too high. So we've talked about this before, but what will see on top-line as we look out into 2011 and beyond that really highlights the fact that this is additional investment? And this is this is being done from a position of strength as opposed to a position of weakness.
Indra Nooyi: John, I am just going to make some opening comments and then pass it over to Hugh to really address it. First, I am troubled by the word reduction in guidance. We are saying we tightened the guidance. We gave you a range 11% to 13%. All that we're doing now is tightening the guidance. So we feel very good about where we have been so far in the year. And we feel good about the fourth quarter. And in today's macro economic environment, to deliver 11% to 12% EPS growth for a company of our size and scale I think is fantastic performance. So that's the first point. Point two, we are managing the company for the long term. And when we see opportunities to make investments which we think will pay off may not be in the next quarter or two but over the long term because many of these require investments in platforms and R&D, we are going to make those investments because we have to make sure that we are looking at innovation 24 months to 36 months out. Because as we move more and more into the nutrition space, it's no longer mere line extensions but we have to think about products backed by science. And science takes some time to be proved and authenticated, and that's what we are focusing on. But that's just a word by way of preamble. Let me turn it over to Hugh to give you a much more detailed answer on this topic. Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Thanks, Indra. Yes, John I am glad you asked the question. In terms of tightening the range, first and foremost, we gave you a border range obviously back in the spring of 11% to 13%. We are now tightening it to 11% or 12%. As we have now gotten into Q4 in the latter part of the year we obviously have more line of sight as to where the year is ultimately going to come in. The second point on that is, we're seeing signs that the investments that we have been making in the business really are creating payback, whether you look at things that are going on within NAB or the things that are happening internationally with China and India and developing markets. So as we see that positive response, we do view it as an opportunity to invest more, and frankly an opportunity to get good payback over time. In terms of the specific investments, what we are really doing is investing I think in a couple of places. And a lot of it is additional relative to we've talked about in the past, which is further investments in things like China and Russia in areas like selling coolers, racks, and systems infrastructure. Second, in brand building, particularly in NAB around things like Max and Sierra Mist. And third, as we talk about this Global Nutrition Group, its making investments in things that will support our future in nutrition, things like Quaker brand-building and innovation and investments around fruits and vegetables, salt reduction and grains technology.  So these are the types of investment that as Indra said are things that are going to pay back over time, but they are the types of investments that really do drive the long term value of the company. Regarding your question specifically on 20/11, we are really not prepared to share guidance on 20/11 just yet. We'll do that in the fourth quarter, as has been our previous practice.
Indra Nooyi: John, I can just close by saying, if you look at our revenue performance even this quarter, it's a very robust revenue growth. And this is a result of investments we made last year. And so I think, wait for guidance for next year. But I think you are already beginning to see the revenue pick up.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Yes, I understand. I mean, I am not looking for guidance again. I guess what I am saying is, and it sounds like you sort of answered that a little bit with your last comment, which is, as you put this additional investment in, you are modeling out additional revenue that goes along with this, right? So it's not just going to be sort of, you know the investment continually ramping up, but the top-line looks relatively static from an expectation standpoint.
Indra Nooyi: You know, the revenue is coming but John all of this has to be moderated with where the economies are headed because we believe we are doing the right things with investing behind the right initiatives. But sometimes we also need the macroeconomic-led tailwinds. And we don't know yet how to model that; we can model scenarios, we don't know how to model that. But based on sort of a middle-cut economic analysis, we think sequentially this will start accelerating.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello of Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: The $150 million in synergies, if you can give us a feel for, because it's hard to get a read obviously on the underlying profit for PAB without having the pro forma, how much of that is going back into PAB for all this brand-building you're talking about on Gatorade and Mist etcetera? And then also, in the quarter you talked about Gatorade and tea growing strong, and just wanted to get a feel for how much of a drag CSD, juice, water, some of those other segments were? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: I'm going to toss it to Hugh again to give you the details. Bill, overall I'll tell you, on LRV we're managing the portfolio of brands and products and categories. And what we feel good about this quarter is that we gained LRV share versus our nearest competitor, and the momentum was looking good. And so rather than get into individual products, let's just say, the overall portfolio is working. With that let me just toss it over to Hugh.
Hugh Johnston: Bill, we've talked about in the past the $150 million in the context of the overall $0.10 that we're looking to invest in the business this year. And no big change in that other than to some degree in dimension. And what we've talked about in the past are, number one, putting money into brand-building, into NAB. And it's not an insignificant percentage, but we've also talked about investments in China, investments in India, investments in Russia in order to build out those businesses, which is also getting a pretty good percentage. Beyond that, we really haven't gotten into the specifics for competitive reasons as to where the money is going.
Indra Nooyi: Eric, did you want to add anything?
Eric Foss: Bill, the only thing I would add is that again, I think we feel very good about the quarter in a difficult environment. You've seen the top-line and volume improve the last couple of quarters. And if you think about the segments, water was positive, led by enhanced water. Non-carbs were strong across the board. The CSD category did experience some softness, but as Hugh mentioned, we feel great. I think Max is exceeding our expectations, and we actually feel very good about the top-line performance across beverages broadly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Two questions, both also on North America. First, can you give us a read on how much of that $150 million you achieved so far? I believe that's a number for the full year. And the second thing was Gatorade going into the Bottler and then also into the independent Bottlers. I believe there's some sort of food service component attached to the contract. So some context on what that means and how it's progressing?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: So let me handle that one. We've got right now about $120 million in. But with the switch for Gatorade from warehouse to DSD, there is both cost and benefits in the fourth quarter. So I wouldn't necessarily take that $120 million and try to project it on any kind of a straight line basis.
Indra Nooyi: Look, we're not providing the details on exactly what you're asking. Let's just say that we are trying to work out a transfer of Gatorade to our independent Bottlers in a way that makes sense for the overall beverage business.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay, got it. And then, can you maybe provide some context on how much the incremental spend is, which obviously led to the change in guidance?
Indra Nooyi: There's no change in guidance, Kaumil, there's just tightening of the range. I want to be very, very clear; 11 to 13 we're saying, where into fourth quarter it's 11 to 12. The guidance has not changed; the range has tightened. Do you want to say anything, Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: No, I think that captures the essence of it. I mean obviously this is a balance that we are trying to strike, but frankly as we see good investment opportunities for the long haul we're going to make those investments, particularly when we're delivering within the expectation that we set out for ourselves in terms of delivering EPS for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I don't want to get hung up on this guidance versus investments here. But just to follow up, on the synergy number this year, it is coming in at the high end of the $125 million to $150 million. So it sounds like you've got investments that are in addition to what you've laid out as part of the synergy target. So what's driving this year's synergy target increase? And does it give you some comfort around maybe getting more realization over the next three years?
Indra Nooyi: I think we fine-tuned our post-merger integration processes a lot Judy. As we have mentioned to you, we have a very well-tuned process. And so when we start our PMI work, the team's going to action, and when they start executing programs rapidly, you start getting the synergies a little bit earlier. Again, let the year finish. Right now we are saying we could come in at $150. Let the year finish, then we'll start talking about what the next year will bring in terms of additional synergies or like thereof. But it's too early to tell you what next year is going to be. Did you want to add anything, Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'd add to that. Judy, as we go into these things, there are two variables we are planning for; number one is the amount that we'll get out of any initiative, and number two is the timing that we'll get out of the initiative. In terms of the amount, some of them are exceeding some of them are falling. Short, the net is that they are coming in about where we would have expected to. The things that we are seeing is we are actually able to get some things done faster than what we had previously planned. So from the standpoint of the three-year number of 400 no real change in that. We really seem just good opportunities to accelerate timing relevant to our original planning.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: And then just following up on North America beverages. You've talked about CSDs softeners but categories like sports drinks and water improving. So do you think there is more of an impact from the weather just being pretty favorable in the summer? How much of the improvement that you are seeing on some of these non-carb categories do you think is really sustainable if you look out over the next 12 months?
Indra Nooyi: Hard to say because here's where the weather has been bad, we have had decent volume growth when the weather's been good. We haven't had decent volume growth. So I don't think there is a predictable number we can assign to the weather. The good news is that even in Gatorade which did exceedingly well this summer, the growth came not just from our core Gatorade but also came from the launch of our new product Prime and Recover. So that says to us that the core franchise is doing well. And if Prime and Recover did well it's because the sports enthusiasts really believed in those products to enhance their performance. Similarly, lot of the other innovation that we have like Sobe Life Water, I'm not sure they are just weather related. So let's wait and see how the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year evolve. And then we should be able to talk more about the weather and its impact on the business. Hugh, did you want to add anything?
Hugh Johnston: Yeah just one further thought on that, Judy. Typically, of course when the weather is hot you see a nice jump in the cold channel business. I think the thing that makes us feel good about the non-carb business right now is we've also seen nice pickup in the ambient channels as well, the large case back channel. So that suggests that it is more than just weather that there really is good brand building effect and it's having an impact in the marketplace.
Eric Foss: I can just say two words on Gatorade to reinforce what you said. We are seeing a growing trial as we (keep) level of our products, as well as some improving numbers on the base business. So we feel good on the long term sustainability of the Gatorade performance. And the other thing, as you know, on juices Trop50 is growing double digit. We launched a new packaging. We have extended beyond orange into cranberry and apple. And all of these new products are really there for the long term. So we feel pretty good about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from (technical difficulty).
Unidentified Analyst: So I guess I want to stay on this tightening of the range if we could, Indra. I guess I'm trying to figure out simply, what's the bottom line? What business is specifically or regions are not delivering the level of earnings acceleration in the second half that you're expecting back in July? And we've heard a lot about causes and what's going on. But if you were to kind of just put something at the top of the list, would you put something there? And then secondly, is your view of 2H revenues for the totality of the company the same as where it was in July? Is it above where it was in July? Is it below where it was in July? I am just trying to get a bottom line here.
Hugh Johnston: I really question the characterization of anything not delivering as we expected, to be perfectly honest with you. From our standpoint, we gave a range of 11% to 13%, we've consistently said 11% to 13%. And we're now staying within that range of 11% to 13%. What we've really talked about here is much more geared towards making investments in good opportunities in the marketplace, some of which are nearer in nature, some of which are a little bit further out in nature, but all of which are geared towards building the business, and all of which have good returns on them. So in terms of any expectation that we had, frankly, it's exactly in line with what we had been communicating. So no big change from our standpoint, the July reference is, well, puzzling to me. In terms of where we expect revenue to go, obviously we saw a good solid performance in the third quarter. And we're expecting to continue to see good solid revenue performance. So, we feel good about the operating performance of the business right now.
Unidentified Analyst: And is spending a fair basis for viewing this? Again, we're talking about a point here, but is it fair to say it's more about that incremental spend in spite of the incremental synergies? Can you help us a little bit there?
Indra Nooyi: So, (Mark), let's just talk about some of the spending areas. Hugh talked about spending in China; accelerate spending in China, stepped up levels. Look, when you spend in China and for in coolers marketplace investment, you are not going to get the profitability impact in the next 12 months or 24 months. It takes a longer time because we are still in a massive of investment mode in China. This is got years and years of growth. When we step up investment in India, again, you are not getting the returns right to way, but it's a must invest market because the demographics and the fact that per capita levels are so low gives you many years of growth. So we are making stepped up investments in these countries because either we've got the permission to invest, or we see an opportunity to go in with a new product or a marketplace investment at favorable terms today. So we are looking around the world, and wherever we see the opportunity, we are ramping up the investments. But just remember, the international market is not like the Unites States where you get a return within the quarter. It does take two, three, four years before the top-line starts ramping up in a meaningful way.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, I may have missed it, but incremental to that $0.10 could you give us an amount of what that is in terms of EPS equivalent you are spending incrementally here?
Hugh Johnston: No. What we've said is, we were between 11% and 13% and we're now sighting to 11% or 12%. And the increment is geared towards investing in largely developing markets and in NAB brand-building. So that's really where we are.
Indra Nooyi: I guess the difference is that when we talk about 11% to 13%, you assume its 13%, we think its 11% to 13%. I think we just have to have a conversation about this.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to dive into North America a little bit more with respect to the products. We did see some sequential improvement at PAB for sure. Was that really driven by Gatorade or did we also see improvements in CSDs and in the non-carbs relative to the second quarter?
Eric Foss: Well, as I said earlier Christine, I think if you look at the composition of growth in third quarter, what you would've seen is an increase in the performance of our water portfolio largely driven by enhanced water. The non-carbs performed well and improved broadly. Certainly, Gatorade had a great quarter. As I mentioned earlier, tea, energy, ready to drink coffee, all had solid growth. The CSD category in total was soft in third quarter, and within our portfolio I mentioned Max was a big positive for us. The Core Dew business performed well, and so at the end of the day, water and non-carbs performed extremely well and the CSD category was softer and we kind of performed in line with the category.
Christine Farkas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And on the Tropicana side, with the growth of Trop50, did we see improvements there?
Massimo d'Amore: Absolutely. So Trop50 is performing ahead of expectations as I said earlier, and as you know is a higher margin product than the Core PPP business. So every case of Trop50 is accretive to overall algorithm. And across the portfolio we are now in line with expectations, and we have some strong innovation plans for the juice business for 2011.
Christine Farkas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. If I can round it out with a question on Frito, the unit growth which is still up low single digits as mentioned. On the margin, is that about the same as the second quarter? Did that slow, or are we seeing a pick-up in sea stores?
John Compton: Slight improvement from Q2 to Q3 in the unit growth. We've said low single digit unit growth. Now that 20% more free is behind us, that should become the proxy for volume growth, which as you know has been the historical volume growth in the company.
Indra Nooyi: So let me just wrap up this call. And let me give you some headlines that you should take away; macroeconomic environment, U.S. and Europe sluggish, rest of the world improving to buoyant. Our category reflects the economic performance of the countries. Our company performance is ahead of the categories and industries. Our operating approach, invest to transform our businesses consistent with changing lifestyles and society; second, judiciously balancing the short term and the long term. And the overall sentiment in PepsiCo: prepared and confident. We are feeling good. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that concludes PepsiCo's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn A. Tyson  Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Indra Nooyi  Chairman & CEO Hugh Johnston  CFO John Compton  CEO, PepsiCo Americas Food Massimo d'Amore  CEO, PepsiCo Beverages Americas Zein Abdalla  CEO, PepsiCo Europe Eric Foss  CEO, Pepsi Beverages Company
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello  Consumer Edge Research John Faucher  JPMorgan Carlos Laboy  Credit Suisse Christine Farkas  Bank of America Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Caroline Levy  CLSA Lauren Torres  HSBC Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS Ann Gurkin  Davenport
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Lynn A. Tyson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Tyson, you may begin.
Lynn A. Tyson:
 : We will then move to Q&A, where we will be joined by the CEOs of our operating divisions, John Compton of PepsiCo Americas Foods; Massimo d'Amore of PepsiCo Beverages Americas; Eric Foss of Pepsi Beverages Company; Zein Abdalla of PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa. After Q&A, we will end with some closing comments from Indra. Along with our remarks today, I encourage you to read our newly improved earnings web deck. This document is already posted on our Website at pepsico.com/investors. Our goal with this expanded web deck is to give additional context to our quarterly results and long-term strategic initiatives. I welcome your feedback on this document. Our activities for the second half of this year include the Barclays Back-To-School Conference in September where Massimo and Eric will be talking about our Americas beverage business; and in December, Indra is scheduled to speak at the Beverage Digest Future Smarts Conference in New York. During todays call unless otherwise noted, all references to EPS growth, net revenue growth and division and total operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. Please read our Q2 earnings release for more details. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. And finally, you should refer to the investors section of PepsiCos Website under financial news to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCos financial results. With that, let me turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Lynn, and good morning everyone. I am very pleased to report that the solid performance in the quarter, we more than delivered on our first half profit tug, with EPS growth of 7%. Net revenue for the quarter rose 37% and core division operating profit grew 26%. There are five key highlights in the quarter that show the success of our execution and the opportunities we have going forward. First, we drove broad-based growth across our global snacks and beverage portfolio, especially in emerging markets like India, where strong marketplace execution and investments in infrastructure drove double-digit volume growth in both snacks and beverages. Second, we largely completed the integration of PBG and PAS in Mexico and Europe, and we are making great progress in North America. In Russia, for example, the integration of PBG and Lebedyansky now makes us the largest multinational food and beverage business in that country, giving us tremendous scale advantages. Globally, this bottling transaction is enabling us to fuel incremental Power of One opportunities, which I will talk more about in a few minutes. Third, we made incremental investments in strategic initiatives to enhance our competitive position to short term, improve our earnings profile and unlock long-term growth opportunities. As you know, we have committed to spending roughly $0.10 per share this year on these investments. Year-to-date, we have spent about $0.02 a share on projects such as expanding our beverage portfolio in China where we are expanding our footprint through additional routes, coolers and expanded sales capabilities. We have also invested in long-term research and development and innovation to support our NutritionCo initiatives. And we have made investments in our sustainability initiatives like our partnership with waste management. Fourth, we continue to drive our management operating cash flow, bringing the year-to-date increase to 26% excluding certain items. Fifth, we continue to return value to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, bringing the total so far this year to nearly $5 billion. And earlier this year, we announced that we have raised our annual divided by 7%. Now, we achieved all of these results with strong marketing programs, innovation and productivity improvements. The macroeconomic environment especially in the developed markets, Eastern Europe and some parts of Latin America have not been particularly good, but our teams did a superb job navigating through these rough economic waters. And while global GDP growth is improving in some countries, the overall operating environment remains challenging as persistent high unemployment raise on consumer confidence in spending. Regardless of these dynamics, our significant and expanding thought portfolio, our broad geographic footprint, and our focus on productivity positions us well to deliver on our commitment. As we move forward into the balance of the year and beyond, we are keenly focused on executing on our key strategic initiatives. First, continuing to transform our beverage portfolio in North America. The investments we made last year are coming to bear fruit, such as the launch of our Gatorade G Series, which is helping to drive growth and improved profitability in Gatorade. In fact, our Gatorade marketing team has been recognized by their peers for excellence in the repositioning of this great brand. The integrated Gatorade Replay campaign, which restages classic games between the nations biggest sports rivals earned top honors at the 2010 Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival. Replay also picked up bronze and silver lines in the categories of digital and media respectively. Our highly leveraged A&M strategy with Gatorade, which utilizes all channels of communication, coupled with product innovation is driving consistent improvements in brands of course. In fact, the perception of Gatorade improved significantly after the G Series launch, underscoring a halo effect on the rest of the Gatorade portfolio. In the second half of this year, we also plan to launch our first mainstream all natural carbonated soft drink, Sierra Mist Natural made with real sugar. And we just re-launched Pepsi Max as part of an effort to strengthen up position in diet colas and make progress on our global commitment to sugar reduction. I hope you saw the great commercial on television which debuted yesterday. In macrosnacks, we are delivering differentiated value to increasingly cost-conscious consumers. Our goal, particularly in developed markets, is to grow our customer base by providing relevant innovation that they value while carefully monitoring price points, and this strategy is paying off. In Europe, for example, we will continue to leverage strong commercial activity, with promotions like sandwich in the UK and Do Us A Flavor in Turkey which drove excellent consumer engagement and growth in the quarter. We have a lot of headroom for growth in terms of both portfolio and geographic expansion and also in terms of greater efficiencies, and we will continue to execute on all of this. Third, through NutritionCo, we are expanding and growing our good for you products and initiatives. We have made major progress on framing of global strategy and roadmap to build what we believe can be a $30 billion business by 2020, while identifying growth ideas we can put into the market in 2011. You will hear more about this in the coming quarters. Next, we are sharply focused on delivering our environmental commitment. For example, on the food side of our business, our Sabra joint venture, a market leader in refrigerated dips and spreads opened a new plant in Virginia, which is expected to qualify as one of the only food processing factories in the US to achieve silver certification under the US Green Building Council LEED certification program. And lastly, with integration of the bottlers, we have reinvigorated our Power of One effort, and let me take a deeper dive into this for you now. In the US, one of the areas we are focused on is, is leveraging our portfolio to drive growth across our businesses within the food service channel. We have expanded our partnerships with distributors to deliver our beverage products to locally-owned restaurants and other food service outlets in select markets where we have company-owned bottling operations. While DSD continues to be our primary route to market, we have a long history of working with distributors in the snacks side of our portfolio, and we view this as an attractive long-term growth opportunity in beverages. In fact, this added flexibility contributed to the growth of our food service business in this quarter. Another example in food service is Taco Bells ground-breaking new $2 meal deal, featuring a choice of a Taco Bell entre along with a bag of Doritos and a Pepsi Fountain Drink. This has been a great success, driving traffic and helping Taco Bell cement their value position in the quick-serve restaurant marketplace. Also in the US, we launched a number of Power of One activities across both large and small format channels. In grocery, we currently have Pepsi and Frito Power of One programs covering over 200 customers or over 70% of our volume in those channels for the 100 days of summer. In the second quarter, this initiative helped to drive strong growth in dollar sales, positive dollar share change and increased inventory and displaying accounts that executed the program. Throughout the remainder of this summer, we will also have 20-ounce Frito single serve execution in over 20,000 C&G outlets nationwide. An example of how the power of Power of One is being leveraged within beverages is the Gatorade G2 2 for $2 offer that we are running the C&G channel. As you know, G2 is delivered through our DSD routes, while cold Gatorade is in the warehouse system. In the past, we would not have been able to overcome the differing economic incentives to execute such a program. Now we can and as a result, our 20 ounce business is up 6% in C&G year-to-date, and we have seen significant increases in G2 distribution as a result of this joint promotion. As we move in the back half of the year, we will expand these Power of One opportunities, bringing unique ideas including targeted multi-cultural bundles, which leverage our strong Mexico snack brand, Sabritas with Pepsi, will accelerate our better for you portfolio combinations like Sierra Mist Naturals and SunChips and we will do more like the traditional promotions around football and Halloween. The progress we are already making in Power of One initiative is an important demonstration of the value and potential of our combined organization, largely enabled by our recent Buffalo transaction. This and the progress we are making on our other strategic initiatives gives me great confidence on our ability in deliver on our short-term goals, while making the right investment decisions to drive sustained growth in the future. With that, let me turn the call over to Hugh. Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Great. Thanks Indra, and good morning everyone. I have had the opportunity to meet with many of you over the last several months, and its been gratifying to hear that you are as confident as we are in PepsiCos fundamental long-term strength. We are fortunate to operate in large categories, with products that are enjoyed every day by consumers in both developed and emerging economies. The skill and knowledge of our local management teams allow us to thrive amidst the intense competition that you can all see in these categories, capturing strong share positions through a deep understanding of our consumers. Our uniquely powerful brands, great products, and operating capability continue to drive strong growing cash flows. As CFO, I am proud of the financial and operational processes we have in place to sensibly deploy that cash to fuel our long-term growth. Indra already referenced the strategic investment program that we are undertaking. As we mentioned at our Investor Day, our investment approach stands across three categories. First, we are accelerating investments in emerging economies to enable new product platforms and to strengthen our selling and distribution infrastructure. Second, we are investing behind each of our strategic initiatives, such as North American beverage platforms, NutritionCo, and sustainability. And third, we are investing to enhance the top and bottom line productivity of our base business through portfolio transformation, go-to-market, and the rollout of SAP. We see lots of opportunities to accelerate topline growth and enhanced margins through this investment approach, while at the same time generating a sustainable growing cash return to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. As I will review our results, I think you will see that against the challenging macro backdrop, each of our businesses is fully committed to delivering solid results and enhancing its competitiveness in the near term, while investing to build in even stronger base for future growth. So, with that, let me start with PAF. FLNA posted a 3% decline in volume, a 1% increase in net revenue, and a 7% increase in operating profit. These results were well in line with our expectations, as FLNA began to overlap the 20% more free promotion from last year. We estimate that this promotion added about 3 points of volume growth in Q2 of last year through the beginning of Q4. Despite the decline in volume, units were up low-single digits in the quarter and FLNA drove positive leverage to revenue and then to operating profit. That was driven by improved cost, but also by productivity and excellent management of the middle of the P&L, and we achieved this while investing in infrastructure and innovation to grow both the core portfolio and better for you products. Highlights in the quarter included value share gains in salty snacks, demonstrating the strength of our brands, driven by improved performance in the convenience-and-gas store and food service channels and the success of innovation such as new Lay's Kettle Cooked Potato Chips, which use natural ingredients and great new regional flavors such as Harvest Ranch in the east, and Crinkle Cut Spice Rubbed barbeque in the west. Q2 also benefitted from our Q1 launch of lightly salted Fritos and Ruffles with 50% less salt as well as high teens volume growth in variety packs, which provide both control and value. Investments in branding and marketing helped to drive volume for our Stacy's Pita Chips brand, up nearly 40% in the quarter. And as Indra mentioned, our Sabra JV recently opened a new plant in Virginia. This facility more than doubles the production capacity for Sabra and is a prime example of progress we are making to expand into adjacent categories in our macro snacks business. Turning to Quaker, volume was down 2%, net revenue was down 6%, and operating profit was down 14%. There is no doubt we would have liked stronger performance from this iconic health and wellness brand. The fact is we have underinvested in this brand and we are now moving forward with a plan to refocus, strengthen and extend the advantages of the Quaker portfolio by improving quality, aggressive investment and innovation and delivering greater differentiation in the marketplace. Quaker is an important part of our NutritionCo initiative, and we are investing to build layers of advantage in everything from consumer insights to product innovation, to productivity, to enhancements proceed to shelf supply chain management. I should note that this will take some time. In the interim, QFNA has stepped up near-term innovation and value initiatives, which we believe will drive improved performance through the back half of this year and beyond. For example, in the second half of this year, we are improving the texture of our core instant oatmeal products and reducing salt and sugar. We are also introducing a multi-brand oatmeal for adults and a fun new product for kids called Kids Creations. So, we have a clear plan for Quaker to drive improvement in the short term and as importantly, to strengthen our competitive position and expand our portfolio to regain long-term growth. In Latin American Foods, volume was up 2%, net revenue was up 6%, and operating profit was down 7%. In the quarter, our teams faced challenging macros in Venezuela as well as increases in commodities like sugar, potatoes, and cocoa. In addition, the division absorbed the cost of a one-time legal settlement. Despite these challenges, the teams navigated extremely well by taking pricing actions, leveraging price architecture and implementing excellent cost control and management of middle of the P&L. In fact, if you exclude Venezuela and the one-time legal settlement, operating profit was up 3%. Investments we spoke about on the Q1 call in value, brand and infrastructure helped to drive growth in volume and revenue as well as improvements in share. For example, at Sabritas, we had a route and racks increasing penetration and the frequency with which we service our customers. We are also realizing the benefits of innovation and value with brands like Pake-Taxo, which has reached 4% of Sabritas sales. Gamesa which took pricing to cover higher costs attained its highest value share ever, widening the gap with its closest competitor. Gamesas performance also benefited from investments in new routes. In the quarter, the number of accounts serviced increased 26% year-over-year. Now, turning to PepsiCo Americas Beverages, volume was up 13%, net revenue was up 112%, and operating profit was up 80% as we benefited from the acquisition of our two anchor bottlers. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, volume in North America was down 1%, up 4.5 points sequential improvement versus the first quarter. PAB is keenly focused on unlocking the strategic financial and operational benefits of the bottling acquisitions. As Indra mentioned earlier, the teams have been focused on optimizing the business by driving Power of One opportunities, identifying topline and profit growth opportunities, aligning system economics, streamlining the supply chain and increasing the flexibility of our go-to-market system. On the operating side, we have largely completed the structure and staffing of PBC, including the elimination of several hundred positions. We have also changed the structure of our food service organization, to better capture growth opportunities and introduce new PepsiCo account teams to major retailers. In terms of driving efficiencies, we have improved our sourcing across the US CSD system to drive savings, including moving 4 million cases to lower cost production facilities, and we have reduced transportation cost by leveraging our combined scale and assets to eliminate about 500,000 transportation miles. We are also making great measurable progress in marketing and innovation, evidenced by improving brand scores, third-party recognition of marketing excellence and improvement in growth trajectories across the portfolio. Some examples include hydration which includes strength in water, we executed the successful launch of the G Series in retail channels as well as G Series Pro in GMC on May 1st and Dicks Sporting Goods on June 1st, driving positive volume growth in Gatorade for the first time in two years. Also in hydration, PEP gained 2 points of value share in enhanced water, driven by the continued strong performance of SoBe Lifewater, which is now the Number 2 enhanced water brand in measured channels. In nourishment, which includes juice and juice drinks, we saw a sequential improvement on the strength of Trop50 and juice strength as well as a strong promotional calendar. And in enjoyment, which includes CSDs and ready-to-drink teas, the trajectory of CSDs continue to improve, benefiting from increased awareness generated by the Pepsi Refresh project, Trademark Dew and DEWmocracy and strong promotional activity in unmeasured channels. Teas had a strong quarter with Lipton ready-to-drink tea volume up mid-teens in measured channels, aided by about 70% volume growth in brisk, which was driven by the success of the one leader package. There is no doubt that category dynamics in North America are still very challenging. We are being surgical about delivering value to the consumer where its appropriate, and we are driving the optimal balance between volume and pricing. Its clear that the steps we are taking to rebuild the beverage portfolio are working and driving positive results. We will continue to execute on these plans while remaining committed to improved margins overtime to deliver greater consumer value in the marketplace. In Europe, snack volume was up 2%, beverage volume up 10%, net revenue up 43%, and operating profit up 25%. This is the first quarter that our acquisitions of PBG and PAS are reflected in our international results, and the pickup of the bottling operations largely drove these results. The acceleration we spoke about in Q1 did in fact continue in the second quarter, and the teams did an excellent job driving improved sequential performance and broad-based gains across both our snacks and beverage businesses. Despite challenging macro conditions, Europes strong performance was driven by a consistent focus on growth, innovative consumer value initiative and a continued track record of driving productivity. In snacks, we saw improved category performance across both Western and Eastern Europe, underpinned by strong commercial programs like our sandwich promotion in the UK, and Turkeys Do Us A Flavor program for Doritos. Portfolio transformation continues across Europe with the Matu Seeds launch in Iberia, and we continue to expand our local relevance in Russia with the launch of Cruesti Deer Sticks. Key product initiatives in the second half of this year include the kickoff of our soccer promotional activity in June across the majority of our markets, and we expect our Walkers Flavor Cup to be bigger than the Do Us A Flavor program of Q1 2009. In beverages, we executed a seamless integration of the bottlers and our relative market share remains strong in all strategic markets. Volume grew 4% and on an organic basis, which was nearly a 9-point improvement versus the first quarter. This was driven by stronger performance across both eastern and western markets. Consumer-centric commercial programs drove the specially strong beverage share performance in key markets, specifically Russia, Turkey, Spain, the UK, and Germany. In Western Europe, we continue to drive growth with the new Lipton expansion in France, and in the UK, we completed the introduction of the new Tropicana flavor pack lineup. Also in the UK, we launched a new single-serve package specifically for our no-sugar products, driving single-serve share gains. In general, while volume momentum clearly improved in Q2, we are prudently operating under the assumption that we will continue to face a challenging environment in this market. We are staying focused on differentiated consumer value with a strong commercial calendar including programs like the soccer in both snacks and beverages. With currencies likely to continue to fluctuate, we believe that the combination of our balanced portfolio across both products and geographies, our ability to localize costs, and our hedging programs position us well for the remainder of the year. In AMEA, snack volume was up 16%, beverage volume was up 8%, net revenue grew 15%, and operating profit rose 6%. Broad-based gains in the region drove topline momentum and as expected, profit growth decelerated versus the first quarter as we expanded our strategic investments program, a very strong productivity agenda and tight cost controls helped offset the cost pressures. In snacks, volume growth was driven by double-digit growth in key emerging markets such as India, Egypt, China, and Pakistan, as the business benefited from their focus on value, innovation and an expanding footprint. AMEA snack highlights include the highest ever volume months for India in May, driven by their local digital version of the Do Us A Flavor and value initiatives. The launch of Doritos in New Zealand, Quaker Drinkable Oats in the Philippines, Quaker Congee in China, and Lays flavor extensions in Saudi, South Africa and China all benefited our snacks business. In beverages, volume growth was driven by broad gains in India, Pakistan, Egypt, the Philippines, and Thailand. In China, volume was up 2% as very strong growth in NCVs more than offset a sluggish CSD market. The business gained relative share in CSDs in the quarter in China, benefiting from our investments to expand market presence. Successful product launches included Mountain Dew in Malaysia, a new Lipton flavor in H2O in Saudi, a new flavor (inaudible) in China and Pepsi Cheer in Thailand. Now, let me turn to our outlook for the year. As you think about our performance for the balance of the year, there are several puts and takes that we expect and that you should take into consideration. First FLNA will continue to experience pressure on volume growth as it overlaps the impact of the 20% more free promotion from last year. They will stop overlapping this at the beginning of the fourth quarter. During this timeframe, we will be focused on driving unit growth. In addition to their other initiatives, FLNA is focused on driving growth and we are confident that the business will post strong operating profit growth for the year, as well as growth in volume and in revenue. Second, we will continue our stepped up levels of investments in R&D and innovation in QFNA as we reposition this brand. Third, while we see improving trends in LAF, we are mindful that several of the economies in the region are under significant pressure and will have to continue to balance cost pressures with providing value in the marketplace. Fourth, in the third quarter, we will overlap a one-time gain in AMEA, which was in our quarter results, associated with the contribution of our snacks business in Japan to form a joint venture with Calbee Foods company, the snacks market leader in Japan. This gain was worth about 30 points of profit growth for AMEA in the third quarter last year. In the second half of this year, we have accelerated our strategic investments across the entire portfolio and this will also have the most noticeable impact on our profit growth in AMEA. This, in combination with the overlap of the Calbee gain, will drive even more deleverage between top and bottom line in the third quarter versus the second quarter. Our disciplined approach ensures that we are measuring returns and non-investing ahead of people capabilities. We take a very long view of this region and believe these investments will be accretive over the long term. Fifth, we continue to target $125 million to $150 million in annualized synergies from the bottling acquisitions this year, with $400 million in annualized savings once fully implemented by 2012. And lastly, we still expect our full year reported tax rate to be roughly 23% to 24%, which reflects a benefit of about 4 percentage points for non-core items. This brings me to our full-year core constant currency EPS growth target of 11% to 13%, which is unchanged from last quarter. Based on current spot rates, foreign exchange translation would be about a 1 point headwind for us on a full-year core EPS growth. This translates to core EPS growth of about 10% to 12% for the year. For the year, we expect management operating cash flow excluding certain items and net of capital expenditures to be approximately $5.6 billion. Net CapEx should total about $3.6 billion, which includes about $200 million in capital investments related to the bottler integration. We anticipate that in total, we will spend roughly $4.4 billion on share repurchases this year, and in the third quarter, we expect to make a second $600 million discretionary contribution to PepsiCos pension funds, taking advantage of various attractive financing rates. Before we go to Q&A, let me leave you with what I think are the key takeaways from our first half performance and a world map for PepsiCo for the balance of the year. First, we delivered on our EPS commitments. Second, our teams navigated well, with the proper balance of near-term execution and investments and where appropriate for longterm growth. They achieved this by staying close to their customers and the evolving needs of consumers, despite a very diverse and in certain areas challenging set of macros. Third, we demonstrated excellent P&L discipline including driving productivity. Fourth, we made real progress on our strategic imperatives, and fifth, we made measurable and observable progress in NAB, consistent with the goals that we shared with you. With that, I would like to turn it over to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question is coming from Bill Pecoriello of Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello  Consumer Edge Research: Good morning everybody. I had a couple of questions on Frito. One, I want to understand what was driving the strength in the single-serve bags versus large bags. Is it a general rebound of convenience stores or more specific to actions you are taking, you had that strong 4% price mix, will that continue? And then just in terms of consumer purchase and behavior in snacks, we have been seeing the drop off in week four, also consumer have been moving the value products. Is this still the case? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: John?
John Compton: Bill, hi its John. Yes, our single-serve flex business did improve sequentially in the quarter versus Q1, and I think it was driven by two factors. One is our C&G business is strengthening and that business, that channel grew around 3% to 4% for us that had been flat to slightly declining in Q4 of 2009 and Q1 of this year. The second is the food service business, and in part, that was driven by the national distribution of Doritos in Taco Bell, but food service more broadly are strengthening for us, notably at Subway and some other customers. So, together single-serve flex performed much better, and the Power of One initiative that we have just kicked off for the C&G channel this summer, I think will all strengthen that. The first time question, Bill, was one where the category continues to grow in line with population growth, around 1% volume growth, and we are growing slightly faster that particularly in dollars. And if you look at Frito-Lay year-to-date, it still remains the fastest growing consumer package goods company in North America and not by a small measure but by almost 2 to 3 points relative to most other consumer package goods companies. The only businesses that are posting positive growth year-to-date are store brands other than Frito-Lay. So, I still think that Frito-Lay is growing stronger, we have great programs coming in the back half of the year. As we had in the prepared comments where we begin to laugh with 20% more free bags positively in Q4 of this year. We have even greater deflation in the back half of the year. So, I think Frito-Lay was strengthened in the back half.
Bill Pecoriello  Consumer Edge Research: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher  JPMorgan: Yes, thanks. Just following up on Bills question, in looking at the web deck, it looks as though you guys are expecting volume to be up to the full year. So, John, can you sort of lay out how you see that playing out over the next couple of quarters, because it would seem like that would imply a pretty big ramp-up over the back half. I am assuming thats really the fourth quarter being up very nicely year-over-year.
John Compton: Yes, John. Remember, as we have said, the 20% more free lapping on Frito-Lay continues through Q3, and that sort of mutes the volume impact. And in Q4, that goes away. So, I am looking at the unit growth number around 3%, and that should predict the volume growth number as we head into the fourth quarter. So, when you put Q3 and Q4 together and sort of look at half two compared to half one, yes, you will see volume growth in half two compared to half one driven by the beginning of the fourth quarter.
John Faucher  JPMorgan: Okay. And in continuing with the C&G impact on volumes, is that going to lessen going forward or is that going to remain about the same, because I am just trying to back into for volumes to get better, what I need from a unit acceleration piece in order to get there?
John Compton: As I said, I am pleased with C&G. Its strengthening sequentially sort of each period for us, and this summer is the first we have seen of a national broad-based Power of One initiative between our beverage business and snack business, we are just into that as we speak. We will see how that plays out over the summer, but we are not going to stop there, we are going to continue to do that in the fourth quarter as well. So, I think C stores progressively are going to improve.
Indra Nooyi: What I think out of one initiatives that provide a more value in C&G stores and making them an attractive destination for all consumers.
John Faucher  JPMorgan: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlos Laboy of Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy  Credit Suisse: Good morning everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Carlos.
Carlos Laboy  Credit Suisse: Indra, can you please maybe give us a little bit more insight on Gatorade re-launch update on how thats coming along relative to where you thought it would be? And also if you could expand a little bit further on Johns question on convenience store insights, how do you think the challenge performance holds up going forward beyond these Power of One initiatives?
Indra Nooyi: Yes. So, I am going to have Massimo talk about the Gatorade re-launch update, and then, I will come back, Carlos, and talk about convenience stores. And Massimo, if you could talk about Gatorade?
Massimo d'Amore: Yes, hi Carlos. So, as we planned, we re-launched Gatorade with the G Series in April and then we followed that with the 2 Series Pro launch at GMC and Dicks Sporting on June 1st. So, overall, the performance is really as expected, and within that, we are very pleased with the level of repeat and trial of the two new products which are Prime and Recover, Number 1 and Number 3. And volumes are positive, low-single digits, and in addition to this, we started seeing a very positive halo effect on brand equity. So, Carlos, we are all on track and we see some positive momentum both the top and bottom line.
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, on Gatorade, let me add my comments to what Massimo said. I think the G Series launch and, you know, having a differentiated offering for GMC and Dicks Sporting Goods versus mainstream channels is the first time in, I think 10 years that we have had such major innovation coming from Gatorade which is really the category and the first time that sports enthusiasts all over the world, I mean, real participants are having meaningful hydration innovation brought to them. So, we are very optimistic about the innovation pipeline. Remember, we are just about three or four months into the launch and while the early indications are very positive, I think there is lot more upside to the future, because O1 which is the prime product had to go on allocation very quickly, because the demand was so high for that, we just added capacity. And our protein recovery products which is O3, I think is the best protein recovery product on the marketplace, and we need to give it its own identity and pump it up. So, we are very optimistic about the future of the whole G Series launch, and as we go into 2011, you will see a lot more innovation around G Series differentiated for different groups, you know, people who exercise versus people who are hardcore athletes. You will see lot of interesting innovation coming out of the Gatorade. So, I think the core Gatorade franchise, the brand equity of course are moving up very, very nicely, the advertising is working, and we feel very good about where Gatorade is headed. So, thats Gatorade. Lets turn to convenience stores. Again, you heard what John Compton said about, the C store business is improving, local food service is improving, all these are positive signs. But lets not forget that we are still in a difficult economic situation. Unemployment rates are still very, very high and lot of the C-store traffic was driven by construction workers and driven by people who are willing to pay the up-charge, when they go to a C-store, they were willing to pay for convenience. Now, what has happened in C stores is that the value proposition in C stores has improved. C stores themselves have changed their pricing equation and people like PepsiCo have provided very compelling Power of One program to bring traffic back into C stores. So, in a way, I think we are one of the people driving traffic into the C stores. Balance of year, you will see a lot more Power of One initiatives that continue, and our goal is to make C stores a compelling destination for people who dont want to spend a lot of money in a large format store, but have a small amount of money to just spend to get immediate hydration needs fulfilled or the short-term snacking needs fulfilled. So, thats our strategy going forward. But I will tell you, given the economic environment, given where we are seeing all of the unemployment figures headed, lets take it a quarter at a time and look and see how this whole C store business evolves. I dont want to make any prediction for how this is going to evolve balance of the year.
Carlos Laboy  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas of Bank of America.
Christine Farkas  Bank of America: Thank you very much. Good morning. It was mentioned in your comments that the bulk of the European revenue and profit growth was driven by the pickup of the bottlers, but also based on comments about strength in Western Europe and Eastern Europe snack growth, I am wondering if your underlying organic business did contribute to growth there, and if you can make similar comments about your North American beverage business in the quarter? Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: I will just tell you about the North American beverage business and I am going to toss it to Zein. I will tell you, the North American beverage volume which was only down one for the quarter on an organic basis is a tremendous sequential improvement versus first quarter of this year. So, we feel very good about the trends of the North American business. In spite of a difficult category and interesting competitive activity, so I think we feel good about the improvement. But more importantly, Christine, we have been very careful in managing price equation and making sure we dont chase unprofitable volume. And so, we have been judicious in our approach, and thats why you are seeing improved profitability across the portfolio. Let me now turn it to Zein to talk about Europe and then come back to Eric Foss to see, Eric, if you have got anything to add on this particular issue. Go ahead Zein.
Zein Abdalla: Hi Christine, its Zein. You are absolutely right that the strong organic performance did contribute to that strong performance in Europe. As we outlined to you on the call in Q1, our differentiated consumer value programs, we are starting to get traction and we saw positive momentum coming into Q2, well that did materialize, and both in terms of the quality of the volume and its translation into revenue, the discipline management of the cost structure, the P&L also translated into very strong organic growth. Good performance in our developed markets, our powerhouse businesses in the west, but also very encouragingly our strategic markets, Russia and Turkey coming back to a very solid growth in the quarter as well.
Indra Nooyi: Eric?
Eric Foss: Christine, this is Eric. I will just echo a couple of points that Indra made. I think if you think about how we approach merger and what we said we would see out of our North America business, the first thing is, is we had high degree of confidence in our ability to fully capture the synergies available. We are absolutely on track in performing as expected in that area. I think the second thing we said is we are going to improve and sustain the profitability of the business. And as Indra mentioned, we have had a good quarter in second quarter, and then see improved topline growth which we have seen as well. So, I think we are three for three in terms of what we said we were going to do, and we got a very good story on synergies. Our cold drink business has improved, which you know the impact that can have on this business. So, we are extremely pleased with where we are.
Christine Farkas  Bank of America: Is it fair to say, Eric, that sequentially June looked a lot better than the earlier part of the quarter driven by perhaps weather and some retail promotions?
Eric Foss: I think to the point that John and Indra both made, I think our Power of One promotions, both in large format and small format had an impact. Those really started to kick in, in that June timeframe and will continue throughout second and third quarter. And so, I think the answer is yes. Obviously cold drink was helped by some of the warm weather.
Christine Farkas  Bank of America: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Thanks, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Hi Judy.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Couple of questions from my end. First, just in terms of, you know, obviously a lot of talk about the retailer promotions both on the soda business and in salty snacks, can you just talk about your perspective and how that might be impacting the broader industry and then just in terms of how do you manage balancing volume and profitability in this sort of environment from your perspective?
Indra Nooyi: John and Eric, do you want to take that in terms of talking about your businesses?
John Compton: Judy, lets start with the snack business again. I mean, it remains  Frito-Lay remains the fastest growing CPG company in measured channel. So, we are pleased with the snack business thats going and relative to other related macro snack categories, we are growing at the rate of population if not faster, particularly in units where we are seeing the unit growth respond up to 3% and its driven by our core business. The potato chip business was very strong in the quarter, our multi-pack business, monster family was very strong in the quarter. So, I dont see anything about the Frito-Lay company in unit growth that points to it slowing down or that other related categories are picking and buying coming back to the office as the C store business and the food service business continues to improve. Eric?
Eric Foss: Judy, I think from my vantage point, I mean, I think its very important to the point that was made earlier that we stay very sensitized to the macroeconomic conditions, the category and consumer challenges, and I think we went into this year with our eyes wide open. We were very, very sensitized focusing on making sure we had, we strike the right balance between price and volume, and to make sure we continue to have the right consumer value price points. Power of One gives us an opportunity to provide added value beyond clearly price promotion, and I think the reality is, is the environment is pretty rationale, and I think at the same time we need to stay very disciplined about how we think about pricing. So, I think our track record speaks for itself and you can continue to look for us to strike that right balance based on the conditions in the marketplace.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then Hugh, just in terms of thinking about your guidance as it relates to sort of first half, second half, and obviously second quarter coming in a little bit better than expected, can you talk about what was the delta there and then as you think about the second half, it sounds like the operating deleveraging or the SG&A expenses sort of year could even get worse in the second half, you got investments that you have done $0.02 out of $0.10, you have talked about the AMEA issue, is that sort of the right way to think about kind of the second half operating deleverage?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Judy, a couple of things on that. One, what we previously told you, 6% roughly in the first half and mid teens in the second half. Obviously we over-delivered and hit 7% in the first half rather than the 6%, but we havent changed to full year. So, the balance of year changes down a bit. In terms of operating deleverage, really the investments are going to hit across the P&L. So, its not one particular line item, I wouldnt necessarily focus on SG&A versus other areas. Its going to hit in different areas of the P&L. Certainly, we can help you a little bit with modeling that, but the net of it is we said we were going to invest about a dime, we have invested $0.02, which means we will be investing about $0.08 in the balance of the year, and that will hit across the P&L.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Okay. But in terms of second quarter coming in a little bit better, was that more timing or was the beverage volume stronger than expected, what was the key driver there?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, we did clearly see a little bit more strength in the beverage business relative to what we had expected. And for the full year, I think we are basically calling it exactly as we have seen it to date.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Caroline Levy of CLSA.
Caroline Levy  CLSA: Good morning, and thank you for all the detailed press release, its really helpful. If you could just comment, and perhaps this is for Eric, if we could dive a little deeper into the carbonated soft drink market, and also just a talk in North American or Pepsi Americas beverages, what happened to price mix in the quarter?
Indra Nooyi: Eric?
Eric Foss: Sure. I think if you think about volume, I think as you have mentioned, we saw our CSD business perform a little better down low-single digit, non-carb business was very strong and actually our water business was strong led by the enhanced water performance in Lifewater. So, I think all three sub segments performed, but as I go back to the point I made earlier about striking the right balance between volume and price given the environment, if you think about what happened on price year-to-date, the reality is, is that the rate increases that we had planned to take and we did take, you are really seeing that a fairly significant mix shift. And the mix shift in the quarter took place with our mix shift moving into cans, we actually saw some shift within cans particularly the Cube in the quarter and as well as mix into unflavored water. So, I think the important thing to note is again, we are going to strike the right balance. As we look forward, as I mentioned earlier, we plan to be very disciplined and look at the Labor Day timeframe to put some pricing into the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Torres of HSBC.
Lauren Torres  HSBC: Good morning. I was curious to hear a bit more about the progress you are making with the bottler integration in the US. At this point, you are confirming your synergy target, just curious if you think there is potential upside there, we are just more generally speaking now that you are further along in the process. Any additional benefits, maybe now that you are further along through this integration that you may not initially or that you didnt initially anticipate?
Indra Nooyi: Hugh?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so as I said in the opening, we said $125 million to $150 million for this year and $400 million over three years. Now, as you get further into it, obviously you learn your plans evolving and develop. We see different ups and downs in that, but in terms of where we are right now in communicating to all of you we are reaffirming that those are the numbers that we feel comfortable sharing with you are going to be the synergies we would deliver. I dont want to leave you the impression that we are not shooting for more, but these are the numbers that we feel comfortable sharing with all of you, and obviously as we get further into it, our degree of certainty in delivering those numbers goes up as we build more specific plan around executing again. One of the things thats been terrific both with Erics team and with Zeins team is they are now building and have built in most cases very, very detailed execution plans on exactly how we intend to realize the synergies, where they are going to come from, what actions need to happen, by what they and who needs to take them. So, we have an increasingly higher and higher level of confidence that we would be able to hit the numbers that we have shared with you.
Lauren Torres  HSBC: I am just curious. Generally speaking, now that you are further along, are there any surprises with respect to more benefit or something thats little bit more tangible that you are further in this process that you could realize?
Indra Nooyi: No surprises. I would tell you, the teams are working exceedingly well together, and I think its hard to separate out now the bottling companies from the original PepsiCo, everybody is blended in so well. And as Hugh said, if there are upsides to our synergy targets, because we constantly look for them, we will come back and give you an update. So, as we do in every quarterly call, we will give you an update on the synergy estimates, and if we exceeded, we will talk about it.
Hugh Johnston: If I can even just add one comment of that, Indra, if anything has been a surprise and the kind of surprise in the way that you would think about it, its how quickly the organization has come together. This really feels like its always been this way and its just in a few short months since the deal was closed. But its just working so smoothly and so easily across the teams. You really dont know who used to be a part of which prior organization. So, thats a positive.
Indra Nooyi: Eric, do you want to add something on that?
Eric Foss: I think the reality is, is that the integration is on track, the synergies are as expected. I think the benefits of this one voice, one face to customer, some of the benefits we are starting to see in service, the benefits of Power of One, in addition to the benefits of the synergy to me are quite pleasing at this point in time. So, I think we are very, very happy.
Lauren Torres  HSBC: Great, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Hi, two questions. First thing, there has been quite a bit of step-up in spending since November 2008, is the appropriate level of spending we should think about long term or do you feel that there is a period of time where you could pull back the throttle a little bit as topline steps up? And then second question, any update on the distribution over halls at Frito? Thanks.
Hugh Johnston: Hi Kaumil, this is Hugh. You said a step-up in spending, what are you referring to?
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Well, November 08 was the beginning of the Refresh campaign and then we have had obviously some of the step-ups that we have talked about over the course of last year and so there has been a variety of different programs I guess over, now about 20 months?
Hugh Johnston: Okay. So, your reference is to the marketing spending or  I am trying to understand where it is that you are 
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Some of it has been marketing, some of it obviously is the buildout in China. That has been a variety of things.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. I get it. Yes, what we told you on that is, you know, through the integration and through the algorithm that we put together for this year, we got about $0.10 which we committed to investing in 2010. We told you that of the $0.10, we have spent $0.02 year-to-date, and that we intend to spend $0.08 in the balance of the year, and our plans are very, very much on track to spend that full $0.10. So, thats the spending that I am telling you is going to be happening, and we feel very comfortable that, thats the light spending. You should also feel comfortable that we have built very disciplined processes around looking at these investments, to ensuring that we are taking the right actions and to ensuring overtime that we get the right types of paybacks and the right types of returns on the investments that we are making. So, from that standpoint, no real change relative to what we have been communicating for a while.
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Okay. I guess 
Indra Nooyi: The thing is that we feel good about the fact that we have these opportunities. We have opportunities in China because our spending is giving us volume growth and improved profitability. The investments we made behind our brands in North America resulting in tremendous improvements in brand equity scores. The investments we are making in NutritionCo, our strategic investments we are confident will start paying dividends starting 2011 and beyond. So, as Hugh said, we are looking at the fact that we have so many investments in front of us, and each of these investments have a pretty good return in front of it, some in the short term, some in the medium and long term. So, we are looking at this as a portfolio of investments, and we will keep investing till we get the growth, I mean, as long as we get the growth and as long as the return on these investments.
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Okay. So, the $0.10 is more of a run rate though its not a one year $0.10 step-up?
Indra Nooyi: The $0.10 this year, and then as we said we will come back next year and talk about whats the return on the first $0.10 and what comfort level do we have with keeping this going or increasing it or decreasing it. We will come back and talk to you, I guess when we talk about the Q4 earnings, early 2011.
Hugh Johnston: To Indras point, that does not imply any change relative to what we had shared with you in previous investor meetings regarding our outlook for 2011 and 2012, that remains unchanged.
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Got it, thank you. And then on Frito?
Hugh Johnston: Yes, no change from the investor conference in March. We are very optimistic on GES, the transformation to go-to-market systems. We will continue to build out Perry, Georgia. We will begin the construction in Topeka, Kansas, we have laid out the calendar for 2011, we have committed at the conference that this is a multi-year journey as we go forward in part enabled by SAP that we have to plug in the Frito-Lay. So, its a five-year plus journey that we are undertaking, but everyday that goes by would become more pleased and more confident that we have chosen the right strategy to have to extend the DSD advantage that we have today.
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: I was just curious, as you review your operations globally, given the continued challenged economic environment and high unemployment rates, are there any areas either consumer behavior or markets where you feel you need to change your viewpoint as you look over the next six to 12 months?
Indra Nooyi: Change our viewpoints in terms of what, Ann?
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Either its more optimistic or more conservative, given the world remains very challenging, or is there any changes in your outlook?
Indra Nooyi: I would say east of the Middle East has remained pretty robust and you see the numbers, both topline and bottom line and tremendous investment opportunities, so we feel good. I will tell you, the European economy is coming back at least for our categories gives us some room for optimism there, but again lets watch and see how it evolves over the next couple of quarters, but the second quarter, how the European business performed was pretty good. Latin America, I think parts of Latin America have deteriorated since the last quarter, but Brazil is still very, very strong. And so, since we have a big business in Brazil, especially the snack business, we are doing quite well, but again, I would say its a mixed picture in Latin America. And North America, the rays of hope are convenience store coming back and food service actually trending positive. So, those are positive signs for PepsiCo. But again, Ann, I would say to you that this is one situation where we have got to look at it every quarter, because the economic environment is not showing consistent improvement across all measures. And so, lets watch and see what happens as the year progresses, and you know, every quarter, we will talk to you and as we make our visits with all of you, we will give you more color, but I would say that east of the Middle East positive, Europe getting more positive, Latin America mixed, and North America is wait and see.
Ann Gurkin  Davenport: Thats great. Thank you very much.
Indra Nooyi: So, let me just close then and say that as you think about our performance for the balance of this year and beyond, I want you to keep in mind several important advantages that PepsiCo has that we believe will allow us to achieve our objectives in this environment first, we have unrivaled portfolio of powerhouse snack and beverage brand with large scale reach into both developed and emerging markets; second, we have localized feed to shelf supply chain, we are advantage go-to-market system and increasing scale in key markets; third, we have experienced management teams that understand their local markets, we are able to unlock growth opportunities while managing cost and cash flow; fourth, we have a discipline and rigorous strategic investment program that will fuel future growth and productivity particularly in emerging markets and adjacent categories; fifth, we have an aligned organization focused on clear initiatives that drive near-term performance while at the same time enhancing opportunities for long-term growth; sixth and lastly, we have a portfolio that work in any quarter that will likely be some puts and takes in individual businesses but the overall portfolio works. These attributes are what gives us confidence that PepsiCo can deliver differentiated performance in the second half of this year, providing a strong base for 2011 and beyond. So, with that, let me just say thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes PepsiCos second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Indra Nooyi  CEO Hugh Johnston  CFO John Compton  CEO PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo DAmore  CEO PepsiCo Americas Beverages Eric Foss  CEO Pepsi Beverages Company Zein Abdalla  CEO PepsiCo Europe Saad Abdul-Latif  CEO PepsiCo AMEA Lynn Tyson - IR  
Analysts:  John Faucher - JPMorgan Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research Christine Farkas - Bank of America Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott  Lauren Torres - HSBC Caroline Levy  CLSA  Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs Damian Witkowski  Gabelli & Company  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Lynn Tyson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Tyson, you may begin.
Lynn Tyson: With me today are Chairman and CEO, Indra Nooyi and CFO Hugh Johnston. Indra will lead off todays call with a brief overview of our results and then Hugh will review our first quarter operating and financial results.  We will then move to Q&A, where well be joined by John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods; Massimo DAmore, CEO of PepsiCo Beverages Americas; Eric Foss, CEO Pepsi Beverages Company; Zein Abdalla, CEO PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif, CEO of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa. After Q&A, we will end with some closing comments from Indra. I encourage you to review our earnings web deck, which augments our comments today, and is posted on our website at www.pepsico.com/investors. Our Q2 IR activities include our Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 5th which will also be webcast on www.pepsico.com.  During todays call unless otherwise noted, all references to EPS growth, net revenue growth and division and total operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. Please read our Q1 earnings release for more details.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends.  Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. And finally, you should refer to the investors section of PepsiCos website under news and events, to find disclosures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures that maybe used by management when discussing PepsiCos financial results.  With that, let me turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi:  Thanks Lynn and good morning everyone. First of all I just want to say a big thanks to all of you for participating in our Investor Meeting last month in person or by website. And I hope that you walked away with a better appreciation for the breadth and depth of our global portfolio as well as increased confidence in our ability to deliver near-term results while investing to drive sustained top quartile performance. Since we just spent those two days reviewing our plans in detail, this morning Im going to keep my remarks really brief. I have three key messages for you this morning. First we remain confident in our ability to deliver 11% to 13% growth in EPS this year while investing behind strategic platforms for the long-term.  Second, we are making great progress behind each of the seven initiatives we discussed with you at our Investor Meeting. And third, we posted solid Q1 performance in the quarter. Net revenue grew 11%, division operating profit was up 10% driven by improved costs and continued productivity, managing operating cash flow excluding certain items was up 40% to $794 million and we continued to make incremental strategic investments in areas critical to sustained growth.  More importantly the momentum going into Q2 has picked up across the board. Let me give you some operating highlights, in our $27 billion global macrosnacks business, we gained share in key markets by growing our core and our adjacencies businesses.  In Q1 we continued to make progress in shifting the mix of our portfolio from Fun For You to Better For You with the launch of great tasting products like all natural regional flavors of Lays Potato Chips, and whole grain Tostitos in the United States.  And we achieved all of this while investing to broaden our portfolio and expanding margins in key areas of the business. A prime example of this is at Frito-Lay North America where the team delivered great results in spite of overlapping double-digit growth in net revenue and core operating profit. In our global beverage business, although reported volume was down half a point in the quarter if you include March in our international numbers, volume was up in low single-digits. Id like to highlight just two markets.  In North American beverages, volume trends are improving across the board including Gatorade. We have been very careful to pursue share judiciously and we tended to save a value share in most cases and we are not pursuing unbranded volume.  Our core numbers reflect a healthy relationship between volume, revenue, and profit. In China beverages, we continue to step up our investments behind coolers and brand building. In the quarter we gained share in CSD as we led the industry with a 14% increase in volume.  Looking forward as we look at our beverage portfolio we are seeing improved trends around the world. As since today is Earth Day, I want to share with you that today PepsiCo is announcing a revolutionary program to accelerate recycling by launching what we call the Dream Machine.  It is both a machine and a program which in partnership with waste management will allow us to expand recycling, reduce our carbon footprint, and provide us with a low cost source of PET resin. Also the first ever 100% compostable chip bag, which was launched by Sun Chips brand earlier this month reaches full distribution in the United States and Canada today.  This bag is a terrific innovation because it will completely degrade in weeks adding nothing to landfills. We have stated that delivering on our environmental sustainability commitment is one of our top imperatives and I am pleased to report that we are taking tangible scalable actions to deliver on those commitments.  Those are just a few examples of the progress were making against our long-term imperatives. I am particularly proud that our organization has the operating agility to deliver both current results and long-term imperatives especially in an environment where the macros are still challenging. From an economic standpoint we continue to see an environment that is similar to the one that we described to you in the past; solid economic growth east of the Middle East and challenging economics west of the Middle East.  Regarding the west, the good news is that they are starting to see some signs of overall improvement in many of the economies. GDP declines have moderated and there is growth in a number of markets. Further consumer sentiments are certainly on the rise in many countries.  Nonetheless the average consumer remains challenged across these economies as unemployment is so stubbornly high and consumer confidence remains at moderate to low levels. For PepsiCo this means we will need to continue to run our businesses with tight cost controls and we will need to deliver good value to encourage trapped consumers to open their pocketbooks.  Now improved GDP is a terrific signal for the future but until we start to see unemployment numbers decrease we will stick to our game plan of maintaining the right value [inaudible] consumers while managing costs and driving productivity to fuel investments across our businesses.  A brief note on our financial performance in the quarter, I know it is challenging to correctly model the impact of the bottling acquisition in Q1, Q2, and the balance of the year. In fact I dont think anyone got it completely right especially on timing, which drove a wide range in your dividend and operating profit estimates as well as below the line items like net interest and equity income. I know it was also challenging to try to split our [North America] from Europe and you had acquisition accounting related adjustments to sort through. The net of all this is that many aspects of our Q1 results did not come together the way some of you expected.  Notwithstanding all of this, we did deliver a solid quarter well in line with our own expectations and we are on a firm trajectory to hit our 11% to 13% core constant currency EPS growth target for the year. It is still a first half/second half story though as we overlap strong performance in the first two quarters and start to realize the benefits from synergies and improved performance in the second half.  So I encourage you to listen very carefully to Hugh when he takes you through the operating results and our full year outlook in more details. We will give you enough information so that you can go back and take a harder look at how your modeling division performance as well as below the line items.  So with that let me turn it over to Hugh Johnston, our Chief Financial Officer, who is going to review our results in greater details. This is Hughs debut on the earnings call as the CFO and for those of you who havent yet had the opportunity to meet Hugh, he is just an extraordinary individual, a 22 year veteran of our business with broad experience in finance, M&A, strategy, and general management. He is a fun guy and I think youre going to enjoy working with him. 
Hugh Johnston: Thanks Indra good morning everyone. Let me turn right to the operating performance by division as well as some of the items that impact our year over year comparisons. PepsiCo Americas foods continued to deliver solid consistent results while lapping double-digit gains last year.  At Frito-Lay North America volume and net revenue were both up 1% in line with our expectations while operating profit grew 9%. As you may know FLNA is overlapping its strongest quarter of revenue growth in Q1 driven by pricing it took last year to offset commodity inflation. In spite of this FLNA was able to get solid leverage in their P&L and expand operating margins through both lower commodity costs, and tight cost controls. As you learned at our Investor Meeting Frito has started the year with a strong innovation lineup focused on expanding healthy affordable snacking options such as our all natural and lightly salted lines.  Additionally given the economic pressures that many consumers are still feeling, FLNA continues to leverage price pack architecture to deliver value. Strong growth in Lays, Variety Packs, and the $2.00 value line contributed to [salty] volume share gains for FLNA, underscoring the power of the Power of One, the joint promotion of Doritos Burn products and Pepsi Max Cease Fire drove incremental sales in the quarter and helped both companies navigate some of the softness that we are seeing in the C store channel.  Looking at the balance of year, remember that FLNA will continue to have tough top line comps through the third quarter as they overlap pricing from last year as well as the impact of their 20% more free initiative launched in the second quarter of last year. As we move through the year, FLNA will leverage the benefit from input cost deflation to step up marketplace investments such as A&M, and additional routes. But even after these volume driving investments we expect to see robust bottom line performance through the year though as expected volume growth will be at the low end of Frito-Lays historical range.  At Quaker Foods North America, net revenue was down 3% and operating profit was down 14%. Top line softness was driven by hot cereal where we have opportunities to improve value and innovation. The decline in profitability was driven almost entirely by the overlap of an insurance settlement last year.  QFNA has stepped up innovation and value initiatives which we believe will drive stronger performance in the second half of this year. In Latin American foods, volume was up 1%, net revenue was up 8% and operating profit declined 5% as the division overlapped close to 30% growth in operating profit last year.  LAF also faced the headwinds of higher input costs and challenging macros. In the second half of the year we expect significantly improved performance in LAF as the region benefits from investments in infrastructure, selective pricing to cover inflation in local costs, and product innovation.  Now on to PepsiCo Americas beverages, as you would expect our Q1 results for PAB were significantly impacted by our acquisition of PBG and PAS. The good news is that we moved very quickly to integrate the PBG and PAS bottling operations with PepsiCo concentrate business.  Eric, Massimo, and their teams are now operating these combined businesses as one system and they are fundamentally measured on one volume, one revenue, and one profit pool. Now for those of you who are still trying to model the businesses separately, youre likely to encounter some challenges.  We arent managing the business this way and we wont be measuring or disclosing our performance this way either. We now have one vertically integrated value chain just like our snacks business. That means were now making decisions which benefit the total system without concern as to how the cost and benefits are shared between the brand and bottling operations.  This was really the foundational premise for these acquisitions. Now that these decisions are made on an integrated basis its virtually impossible to accurately estimate what programs would or wouldnt have happened and what portion of each program would have been funded by the legacy PepsiCo business or by the bottlers or even what the funding mechanism would have been.  So there really is no clean way to do a with and without acquisition impact for revenue and operating profit. So with that, now let me turn to the results of PAB. Volume decreased 4% largely driven by declines in the CSD category as a whole, as well as double-digit declines in Aquafina as we continue to de-emphasize unprofitable case pack water. Additionally its worth noting that we did not have the benefit of a positive Easter holiday overlap in our Q1 performance. The new distribution agreement with Dr. Pepper Snapple group positively contributed about two percentage points to the volume performance. Net revenue grew 32% and operating profit increased 28%.  PAB benefited from the impact of the acquisitions, improving top line trends in North America, as well as solid operating performance in Latin America. The business also focused on profitable volume balanced with selective share growth in certain categories.  As Massimo discussed in detail at the Investor Meeting North American beverages is largely focused on growing value share across its portfolio by driving innovation focused on the four key LRB consumer need states; enjoyment, hydration, nourishment, and transformation.  Ill now share some Q1 highlights from each, in the enjoyment category which includes CSDs and ready to drink teas, the North American beverages business maintained volume share leadership in measured channels and in a category where both volume and value share are important due to the large installed manufacturing base, we held year over year volume share and outperformed our largest competitor.  Our overall performance was driven by the successful Pepsi Refresh program, Pepsi and Mountain Dew throw back LPOs, and our Super Bowl consumer rally promotion.  In hydration, where we also have share leadership excluding the unflavored water category, Gatorade sequential trends continued to improve led by double-digit growth of G2. We feel especially good about our improving performance particularly in light of very aggressive pricing by competition. [inaudible] are also up across the Gatorade portfolio especially among key cohort groups at teams and competitive athletes where consumption of G is up double-digits. In the second quarter Gatorade started its national launch of the G Series which provides functional benefits to athletes before, during, and after their sports activities. Further, for performance athletes, our rollout of G Series Pro across GNC and Dicks Sporting Goods, is on track and expected to be highly incremental and accretive to our brand building efforts. In enhanced water, SoBe Lifewater continued its strong performance and was among the top five fastest growing LRB brands in measured channels in the quarter.  Turning to nourishment, which includes juice and juice drinks our Tropicana performance trends improved aided by the launch of our national Juicy Rewards program and Trop 50 which launched new flavors in the first quarter.  Trop 50 was also in the top 20 fastest growth LRB brands in measured channels in the quarter. The Tropicana brand continues to hold a significant lead over its key competitors on all brand health measures. And finally in transformation which includes ready to drink coffee and energy drinks, we launched Amp Energy Juice, a 100% juice that fills a new day part and occasion for us, the morning wake up drink. While were pleased with progress that were making in each of these need states, there is no doubt that the overall category dynamics are still very challenging.  We have been able to achieve our desired pricing, but we are being very surgical about delivering value to the consumer where it is appropriate. In doing so were working hard to find an optimal balance between volume and pricing.  As Eric mentioned at the analyst meeting we focused on balancing improved margins while delivering greater consumer value in the marketplace. Looking forward we have seen some strengthening in our North American beverage business in recent weeks. In particular trends in both the enjoyment and hydration segments have improved. Obviously its always difficult to forecast a sustained recovery from a trough. However it is encouraging to see this uptick and our teams will be working hard to turn it into a new trend. Before moving off of PAB, let me just touch on the bottler integration.  We took swift actions to unlock synergies and we are on track to hit our target of $125 to $150 million this year. Since we closed the transaction with only four weeks left in the quarter our actual synergy capture was small but we ramped up very quickly in Q2 and we are already seeing the benefits in corporate overhead, back office, operations, and supply chain.  We remain confident in our ability to capture $400 million in synergies by 20112. And we now expect one-time costs to achieve these synergies to be about $650 million. This increase relates to our decision in the first quarter to consolidate and rationalize some manufacturing assets. Of the $650 million roughly $225 million is non-cash.  Let me now turn to Europe and AMEA, note that starting this quarter we will no longer report combined results for PepsiCo international. This is because Europe and AMEA are under separate leadership structures. In Europe top line performance was mixed as the macros in Eastern Europe continued to be challenging while we are seeing some strengthening in Western Europe.  In the quarter net revenue declined 3% however the division exercised financial discipline, and strong net revenue management which helped to drive a 4% increase in operating profit. In Europe snacks, the weak consumer trends in the East impacted top line resulting in a 4% decline of volume.  The decline of volume also reflects the fact that were lapping the very successful Walkers Do Us a Flavor campaign. Europe is extending this promotion across key markets and also running creative consumer engagement and promotional programs linked to soccer personalities in the second quarter.  A few examples include the Walkers Flavor Cup in the UK in which 15 flavors are competing for consumer votes and the Lays football event in Spain and Portugal. In our Europe beverage business volume was down 4% due to the severe weather in Western Europe and also macro softness in Eastern Europe. However we grew CSD value share in important markets such as Russia, UK, Turkey, and Germany. And we saw improved top line trends across the board in February. Weve also gotten off to an encouraging start in the second quarter.  Our snacks and beverage businesses saw a turnaround in March with each returning to growth in both Eastern and Western Europe. Most notably our UK snacks business and beverage businesses drove significant growth and Turkey beverages continue to grow well north of 40%.  Since our international businesses closed their first quarter at the end of February we wont see the benefits of the bottling acquisition internationally until the second quarter. However we have already begun to see the power of the Power of One as a result of our snacks and beverage business operating models coming closing together.  For example in the Ukraine, we transferred the management of our CSD business over to [Sandora] which allows us leverage joint go to market strategies and improve efficiencies in our supply chain. And in Russia were doing extensive testing to determine the optimal go to market solutions.  Turning now to AMEA, our team started the year strong across the sector. All key markets delivered strong top line growth in snacks and beverages which helped to drive an 18% increase in net revenue, and a 12% increase in operating profit.  The growth in operating profit was impacted by the strategic investments we are making in our China beverage business. In the quarter we rolled out a series of new innovative products including the regional expansion of Tropicana Pulp Sacs and blueberry flavored Guo Bin Fen juice blend in China, and H2O in Egypt.  In snacks we launched a new flavor of our extruded snack Kurkure in India, Doritos [Collisions] in Egypt, and the new deli flavors of our Red Rock Deli kettle chips in Australia. In snacks volume increased 13% driven by double-digit growth in China and India. China benefited from strong marketplace execution and the timing of the Chinese New Year, while India leveraged a powerful marketing calendar at the start of the year.  AMEA beverages showed strong volume momentum in the quarter across key markets such as India, and China as well as in Vietnam and the Philippines. As you heard at the investor meeting we have stepped up our investments in China as we prepare to almost double our manufacturing capacity in the country.  These investments are already driving improved performance. In the quarter our volume growth in China in CSDs accelerated and we gained share. We saw very strong top and bottom line growth in AMEA in the first quarter. Over the balance of the year we continue to expect strong top line results but there will be a slowdown in operating profit growth as we expand our strategic investment program. Taking a step back we are feeling good about our trajectory going into the second quarter. Our businesses are focused on driving profitable growth while making investments that expand our presence in key categories and markets.  Before I turn to guidance let me take you through some of the items that impact our year over year comparisons. All of these items as well as other non core items are discussed in our earnings release and will be detailed in our 10-Q which we plan to file tomorrow.  In the quarter our core results excluded a number of items, let me mention five of them. First, merger and integration charges of $321 million or $0.16 a share. Roughly $220 million relates to cost to achieve synergies such as asset rationalization and the streamlining of supply chains and the balance or about $100 million relates to deal costs such as financing costs and advisor fees. Second is an adjustment to the fair value of inventory of $281 million or $0.15 a share. This adjustment relates mostly to the impact to our cost of sales of the step up to fair value of inventory and inventory hedges acquired from the bottlers. This step up which occurred on the acquisition date temporarily increases our cost of sales until this inventory sells through which we expect to be largely complete in the second quarter.  The third is a one-time charge of $145 million or $0.06 per share for SAP software. This relates to the change in scope in one release of our ongoing migration to SAP software. This change was driven in part by a recent review of our North American systems strategy. As Richard mentioned at the investor meeting we are still very committed to the implementation of SAP across our global operations over the next few years.  As discussed on our fourth quarter call, the fourth item is a one-time charge of $120 million or $0.07 a share for the revaluation of our net monetary assets in Venezuela as a result of the devaluation that occurred in January.  And lastly we made a one-time contribution to the PepsiCo Foundation of $100 million or $0.04 a share. This is our first contribution in a couple of years and it should cover the foundation for at least the next several years. Turning to other items, in the quarter we repurchased $940 million in common stock or about 14 million shares. However its important to note that $205 million of that cost was actually paid in the second quarter because we executed the repurchases in the final days of the first quarter.  Our reported tax rate in the quarter was a benefit of 2% mostly driven by the impact of the bottling transactions which includes a reversal of deferred taxes attributed to previously held equity interest in the bottlers. The resolution of certain tax matters contributed about one percentage point to the decline in the reported tax rate versus Q1 of last year.  The benefit of 2% is a 27 percentage point change versus Q1 of last year. Excluding the impact of items effecting comparability, our core tax rate was 23% for the first quarter.  Now let me turn to our guidance for the full year, we are still targeting 11% to 13% core constant currency EPS growth off of our fiscal 2009 core EPS of $3.71. We expect roughly 6% growth in core constant currency EPS in the first half of the year which includes a charge of about $40 million after tax related to the healthcare legislation that was signed into law at the beginning of our second quarter.  In the second half of the year we expect our core constant currency EPS growth rate to be in the mid teens. Based on current spot rates foreign exchange translation would be about a one point headwind for us on a full year core constant currency EPS growth. Its important for me to note that when we file our full year pro formas for 2009 on Form 8K-A later today, you will see a few pennies more of upside related to the transactions than we had last estimated, translating to about $0.17 a share or $0.02 more of accounting and financing upside in 2010. We plan to invest this additional $0.02 in our business this year. Turning to our full year reported tax rate, we expect the rate to be between 23% and 24% which includes a benefit of about four percentage points from the items effecting comparability that I mentioned earlier.  For the year we expect management operating cash flow excluding certain items and net of capital expenditures to be approximately $5.6 billion. Net CapEx should total about $3.6 billion which includes about $200 million in capital investments related to the bottler integration.  And lastly, we anticipate that in total we will spend roughly $4.4 billion on share repurchases this year.  With that Id like to turn the call over for your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Faucher - JPMorgan
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Wanted to just get a clarification on the tax rate, you mentioned the reported tax rate and the comparability, I just want to make sure for the core earnings growth rate youre still using the 27% tax rate guidance, is that correct.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, our core tax rate guidance was 27% to 28% and that did not change. 
John Faucher - JPMorgan: And then looking at Europe which was probably sort of one of the biggest misses relative to expectations this quarter can you just clarify in terms of your reporting calendar I think you are probably what, about half way through the quarter at this point. So that obviously gives you a pretty good level of confidence, can you talk about how much you think the sequential improvement youve seen is weather and how much you think is really related to maybe some overall improving macros. 
Zein Abdalia: What Id say about Q1 is were actually on track relative to how we planned the business. Its a small quarter January, February, low seasonality. We planned for a very tough first half with momentum improving in the second half of the year. Now what weve actually seen is that momentum has started to improve earlier with Q2 coming so very well in March and as Hugh referenced getting growth back in both the East and the West of Europe. We do anticipate though that the first half will remain more challenging and Q2, there will still be some more bumps in the road. West Europe will recover faster than East Europe but there have also been enough green shoots now coming through in East Europe for us to feel very strongly about the strategic value of those markets. So halfway through Q2 its looking good. 
John Faucher - JPMorgan: One more specific question, Q2 for you ends in May or ends in June. 
Zein Abdalia: Q2 is the end of May for
Hugh Johnston: For international its end of May. Its June for the North American business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research:  Given its so difficult to read that North America beverage division with the acquisition there can you help us understand where price was coming in in the quarter and then on the underlying CSD versus non-carb, youre talking about improvement in the recent weeks so youre seeing this in immediate consumption, you said you were seeing it in both CSD and Gatorade, so just help us understand a little bit the underlying trends given its hard to read in the P&L.
Eric Foss : First of all on pricing again if you look at the quarter from a bottling standpoint period three was the only period included. In period three our net revenue per case was up about three points. So good strong balanced pricing as you come to know us for. Id say on the broad pricing environment we continue to view a rational pricing environment.  Again as Hugh mentioned and as I mentioned at the analyst meeting I think given the environment we are trying to strike the right balance between volume and price and I think you can expect that to continue as we look to the remainder of the year, were going to look to see pricing somewhere in that 2% to 3% range.  In terms of the volume more recently weve seen our cold drink and specifically the convenience channel improve sequentially and so were actually pretty encouraged by what we saw as the quarter unfolded and thats continued, obviously the good weather the last month or so has helped us start second quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Farkas - Bank of America
Christine Farkas - Bank of America: I wanted to look a little bit at the PAB volume number, youve indicated volumes down 4% with some benefit or two points benefit from the Dr. Pepper agreement, Im wondering if you can help us understand perhaps some performance in Mexico, were there weather impacts there and if your underlying beverage trends didnt improve year over year or sequentially with the down six, and CSDs were getting slightly better, was it really water that was the offset or something else. 
Indra Nooyi : Let me turn to Massimo to talk about Mexico, but just to give you some top line, one of the things we told you at the investor meeting is that we were going to be very careful in how we pursued share. That it was not going to be a volume at all costs, we were going to not chase pricing down and as Eric just said, were looking very carefully at this mix of volume share and value share so we dont just compete in this business by dropping pricing especially to push a volume number.  And the second thing weve been doing is pruning the portfolio. Where we have product lines that really dont make sense to invest in long-term because the profit algorithm is not really optimal, we have been de-emphasizing it and Hugh referred to the case pack water which we de-emphasized in the quarter. At the investor meeting we talked about some juice drinks, shelf [table] juice drinks which the value proposition wasnt very attractive and so over the year we started to de-emphasize that until we found a new way to compete in that business in a profitable way. So the numbers were impacted by that.  The second is that remember our quarter was different than the rest of the industry in that we didnt have the Easter benefit in our quarter so you have to be careful to make sure that when you model that in and let me turn to Massimo or Eric to talk about Mexico.
Massimo DAmore : So in Mexico as you already heard the weather was particularly cold and contrary to Brazil the consumer spending is still very much affected by the economic recession so in that context we have been really solidifying our base post transaction with the bottling company.  So for example we have transferred the distribution of Gatorade to the bottling company in the key market of Mexico City and we have seen in the last few weeks significant improvement there. Also dont forget that for us in Latin America quarter one is only January and February and in the case of Mexico its a low seasonality period. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Just to stay with international and AMEA are we to understand that the loss in operating leverage was pretty much all China investment and if thats the case how long does China remain a drag on operating leverage in that business unit. 
Indra Nooyi : Its interesting we dont look at it as a drag, we look at it as an exciting market with tremendous growth opportunities and whenever we get the opportunity to step up the investment you should do it because building these big growth markets for the long-term sometimes require extraordinary investments to be made at the right time.  And at this point we have the organizational bandwidth, we have the leadership in place and we have the P&L room to really step up our capability to accelerate our growth in China and thats what were doing right now. So I wouldnt use the word drag, Id view it as China investment opportunity.  And in terms of AMEA overall I think there were two issues that impacted the leverage, one is the China investments clearly, top line was spectacular, revenue was great. The second is also, sugar prices have been exceedingly high and weve had to cover some of those extraordinary sugar price increases, so its a combination of the two that created the deleverage. 
Saad Abdul-Latif : I just wanted to reiterate what you said about China, were making great investments there. The investments are paying back. Our volume came in quarter one, its growing. And were investing in all segments, were investing in marketplace infrastructure, were investing in growing our trademark and were investing in all capacity. So we feel very good about our progress in China. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to dig in on some of the financials around the bottler deal, youve indicated $650 million in charges and $400 million in synergies a few years out, how should we think about the return for PepsiCo on this deal over time and what kind of signposts should we be looking for to give us a sense that youre getting that return.  
Hugh Johnston: I guess a couple of things on that, number one I think you should be looking at us from a marketplace perspective. If were driving improved marketplace performance over time then thats a good indication that the deal is fulfilling the strategic intent and the financial intent of what we look to accomplish there.  Number two is are we delivering the synergies that weve crafted out for you. Now weve told you exactly what we intend to deliver. Most cost synergies early on, where revenue synergies obviously as we get later into the deal, so you should certainly be looking at that. And number three from our standpoint while the synergy numbers that weve put out there are the ones that we absolutely intend to deliver were also not going to stop there by any stretch of the imagination.  Our goal will be certainly to drive for as much as we can get as we always have and thats been our history with previous acquisitions as well. So, I think the combination of marketplace performance and are we delivering the synergy numbers should give you the best indication as to how well were doing with the investment weve made here.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: And just a quick follow-up on beverages, I know you talked about 2% to 3% full year pricing, can you offer any feedback from the trade ahead of summer as far as how promotional trends look at this point. 
Eric Foss : Well I would say that as you look at whats happening in the marketplace I think retailers are dealing with the same macro pressures, category pressures, consumer challenges that most packaged goods companies are and as we look to the summer I think youre going to continue to see retailers invest particularly on [consumptionalistic] categories like ours to build traffic. So, I would say as I mentioned earlier were pretty encouraged by whats happened as weve gone into second quarter both in terms of take home and cold drink and so I think right now we view a summer that looks encouraging from where we sit. 
Hugh Johnston: Hey Marc before you sign off, I also did want to congratulate you on a fabulous start to the Yankee season.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: As it relates to convenience stores you talked about sequential improvements in beverages, can you give us some insights on what youre seeing on the snack side in convenience stores and then also as it relates to the comparisons, I believe its about around May when things started turning quite negative in convenience stores in 2009, so do the comps get easier from here based on snacks and then also for the comps on the beverage side as well. 
John Compton : Overall the in the C store channel beginning in the second or third quarter of last year became challenged to say the least and while its improving its improving off the challenging base. So it isnt I dont think growing versus year ago yet although were starting to see some better trends. We did our Power of One promotion between Doritos Burn and Pepsi Cease Fire, and that certainly helped both businesses on the Pepsi Max and the Doritos business in March and were seeing that continue in April. So I would characterize it as improving but I still think it has a ways to go as the unemployment numbers need to improve and the overall economy needs to improve. 
Kaumil Gajrawala  UBS: But then the comps get easier as we move forward though, correct. 
John Compton : And the comps do get easier as we move forward, youre right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott 
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott : Being a little bit more specific following up on Marc Greenbergs question on the deal, Im surprised to see continued capital expenditure plans as high as they are considering how much beverage capacity and execution power you brought in house, and when I think about how that stages in 2011 and 2012 should we expect capital expenditures to maybe slow down a little bit given that youre getting your hands on all these assets right now. 
Eric Foss : I think from a capital standpoint as we look to address the manufacturing assets I think youll continue to see capital expenditures on beverages be very disciplined. I think the reality is is we still have opportunities on the cold drink side, but as you look at capacity investment I think youre going to find that those investments are going to be to help improve efficiencies and arent really on new manufacturing lines or plants.  I think youll see rationalization in the area of manufacturing capacity and capital expenditures.
Hugh Johnston: In addition to that let me just remind you of two things, number one, we have always been and will continue to be a highly disciplined company in terms of the way we review capital expenditures and any investments well be making there will be delivering good returns.  The second thing is at the investor meeting we had indicated to you that we would expect CapEx to be in the 5% to 6% range and thats what we will expect to continue to run going forward. 
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott : Just to follow-up on your comment about cold drink, are you talking about cold drink in the US, internationally, or both. 
Eric Foss : When I was talking about cold drink I was talking about cold drink in the US and Canada. 
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott : Im just trying to understand how that squares with the reality that convenience stores arent really growing right now. 
Eric Foss :  Well again I think to Johns point what I mentioned is were starting to see an improvement in the trends and so if you look at I think actually first quarter you actually started to see even some traffic and trip increase sequentially, not versus year ago, but sequentially and so again we were looking for early encouraging signs in the cold drink and convenience channel and my point is in Q1 we started to see a slight improvement. 
Indra Nooyi : But given all that let me just say that its just been about four weeks since we closed the transaction and across the company we are taking a hard look at every dollar of capital we are spending, in markets where the top line especially volume growth is not there. So trust me as the year progresses well be back to you in terms of exactly what capital levels need to be deployed against these businesses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Torres - HSBC
Lauren Torres - HSBC: Question on the step up in investment spend in the second quarter hoping you could be just a bit more specific about where that spend is directed and also what gives you the confidence that this spend will materialize to better second half results particularly talking about the softness in the environment that we expect to persist over the course of the year. 
Hugh Johnston: I think you have to think about it in two pieces. As we talked about back at the investor meeting, we talked about base investment spend in each of the businesses and thats going to go into areas like route add and A&M and those types of things.  And we will be adding that type of investment into our businesses in order to drive growth going into the future. In addition to that were certainly going to continue to invest in things over the top like China, like [nutrition co] like sustainability and those types of investments will take a little bit longer to pay back but theyre basically about building where were trying to strategically take the company as we spent a couple of days going through.  So, in terms of getting into specific markets and specific areas where were going to be investing it would probably be competitively inappropriate for me to get into that level of detail so Id rather not do that. 
Indra Nooyi : Just be assured that we have a very rigorous process to first allocate the strategic investment, track, monitor it. We have metrics against each and if we think something is not yielding the kind of results we need we will pull it and if that happens we will flow that through to the bottom line, thats what we promised you at the investor meeting.  And at the right time, we will come back and talk to you about it. Remember with these strategic investments we are making some [inaudible] in breakthrough platforms. Some of these platforms may break through, some may not. There is a hit rate associated with it. But we think the time is right to reinvent some of these businesses we have and thats what were doing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Levy  CLSA 
Caroline Levy  CLSA : Eric thank you for the net revenue per case discussion on March, but Im just wondering what it looked like in January and February. 
Eric Foss : Well let me tell you in the early part of the quarter I think we were up a little over a point and then again it improved sequentially, in period three we were up three points which is the number thats reported. But I would tell you if any of your question is around Super Bowl let me just go into that, the reality is we had very strong performance in Super Bowl.  We had great activity, we grew our share, had positive share swing and our pricing at retail was actually pretty disciplined. We were flat year over year on our two liter retails and we actually saw an increase in our can retails versus a competitive environment that saw decreases on both year over year. So I think we were very disciplined as we went through and actually the Super Bowl activity was largely driven by improvement in feature activity and just good execution. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA : And then what were the volume trends on Trop and Gatorade in the quarter. 
Indra Nooyi : Remember these are low quarters for, we dont provide detail by business but there are low quarters because Gatorade was just selling in the new innovation and as we mentioned on the call we are seeing tremendous volume improvement in Gatorade and again, its very hard to predict off of one or two periods what the long-term trend is going to be but right now were seeing wonderfully improving trends in Gatorade.  
Caroline Levy  CLSA : Can I just understand how the Venezuela devaluation effects operating income for the balance of the year. Pepsi Americas beverages Im assuming is a big part of it. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, it will come through in transaction FX and weve talked about that in total as a one point headwind, thats the biggest factor in that. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA : As a one percentage headwind to growth or to
Hugh Johnston: As a one percentage point headwind to growth. I discussed that in the upfront script, yes. Total FX, its in that. 
Caroline Levy  CLSA : Its total, I just didnt know if in that division, theres that, youve got a 50% devaluation, is that flowing through that operating income line. 
Hugh Johnston: Well no, remember the monetary devaluation we took down at the corporate level, so that occurred up front. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: I guess my first question is really on Frito-Lay, on the positive side the margin improvement was very impressive in the first quarter Im wondering if some of that was timing related and that as you increase spending in the back half whether margins behavior would be a little bit softer and then on the volume side, some of the data has shown continued sluggishness on the volume side even with pricing moderating and obviously youre investing more behind the brands and innovation so maybe just talk about the volume performance there. 
John Compton : On the margin side weve said all along that we expect 2010 to be a year where the profit growth in the business is going to be higher than weve done historically. And that our volume will be in the sort of the low single-digit range and this is not a year where were going to get a lot of price mix so yes, there will be margin expansion at Frito-Lay during the course of the year.  Thats going to come through two areas and one is there is deflation in the business and two, the practices on productivity there continue to step up. We are making investments back into the business so that we can keep the volume growing and while we grew volume 1% in the quarter its sort of, Id look at it in two different ways.  One is sort of the core salty business is growing at its historical rate in large format stores and where our volume has been impacted has been in the small format stores, C stores and food service. So once that starts to turn I think youll see Frito-Lay back to sort of its 2% to 3% growth rate that weve historically achieved.  In our adjacency side of the business that I talked about at the investor conference the Stacys business, the Sabra business, the Quaker snacks business that we execute through Frito-Lay continue to grow double-digit in some cases, in high single-digits in others.  So I think weve got a nice mix between the core and the adjacencies. The large format business remains strong and once small format business turns then the total volume growth in the company will be back to where it is and we will expand margins at Frito-Lay this year while investing back in the business. So a good start to Frito-Lay in the first quarter.
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: But there wasnt anything in terms of timing of spending thats helped the first quarter versus maybe some of that gets taken out in the second quarter as you talk about spending going up. 
John Compton : We dont give quarterly guidance but I think the first quarter is consistent with where we expect the business to perform during the course of the year. 
Judy Hong  Goldman Sachs: And then on the synergy numbers youve raised the cost to achieve the synergies but you havent raised the synergy target, obviously youve talked about going after other opportunity in terms of cost savings but the fact that youre raising the cost to achieve these synergies, how should we think about that as it relates to the fact that youre still looking for the $400 million in terms of cost savings. 
Hugh Johnston: I guess the best way to think about that is as you go through this process you certainly learn both in terms of the benefits youre going to get as well as the costs youre going to take on, the increase in cost was largely non-cash and it very much relates to the rationalization of some manufacturing assets both in the Gatorade as well as in the bottling business.  The net of it is the savings on that is still captured within the range of $125 to $150 million so as we refine the estimates thats where we are right now and wanted to provide you with that update and also give you an update on cash versus non-cash. So, thats really where we stand. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Damian Witkowski  Gabelli & Company
Damian Witkowski  Gabelli & Company: Anything in particular thats behind the strength in beverages in Turkey this quarter and then you talk about a very rational pricing environment here in the US, are there any big regions, countries, important countries around the globe where youre seeing the opposite, where youre seeing sort of irrational pricing behavior. 
Zein Abdalia: In Turkey its great execution of our differentiated value programs in these tough economic times. We saw ways to give value back to the consumer in this highly differentiated way. So in Turkey were running a promotional programs like free mobile air time for our target group, thats resonated very well and then also as were pulling the integration of the bottling systems together, starting now to get traction and leverage around Power of One. So just a tremendous quarter in Turkey. 
Indra Nooyi : And in terms of irrational pricing, its difficult to point out countries, but I would tell you even in the United States it was interesting that the first eight weeks or so of the year started off well and we were gaining share, doing great and then all of a sudden we see a competitor dropping their pants in the last couple of weeks when the volume is missing.  So we see this behavior on and off, end of the quarter behavior but we live with it. Beyond that I think by country by period behavior varies all over the place so there isnt any systematic behavior that I can point to. 
Damian Witkowski  Gabelli & Company: In the beginning in your prepared remarks you said that you were making progress on the Better For You and then you listed Lays and Sun Chips I believe, whole grains, that would not be counted as part of the Better For You would it, I just want to make sure I understand that part.
Indra Nooyi : Adding the whole grain, going to local flavor Lays, reducing the sodium content, all of that is Better For You. The Good For You is the Tropicana, the Quaker, so moving from Fun For You to Better For You is reducing salt, reducing sugar, adding more whole grain, all of that is the transition to Better For You.  Let me close with this, we are off to a solid start this year and were all very pleased with the progress we are all making this quarter. Our rigorous financial discipline has enabled us to grow even while weve made critical investments in our businesses. And as a result we are optimally poised to capture our fair share of growth as the worldwide economy improves. I am confident we have positioned the business to achieve our commitments for the year while also driving sustained top quartile performance well into the future. Thank you all for joining us this morning.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Indra Nooyi - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Richard Goodman - Chief Financial Officer John Compton - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo dAmore - Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo Americas Beverages Zein Abdalla - CEO PepsiCo - Europe Saad Abdul-Latif - CEO of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East & Africa Lynn Tyson - Investor Relations
Analysts: John Faucher - JP Morgan Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Christine Farkas - Bank of America Lauren Torres - HSBC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. In order to ask a question or make a comment, please press star followed by one on your touch tone phone at any time. You may remove yourself from the queue by pressing the pound key. Todays call is being recorded and will be archived at www.pepsico.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Lynn A Tyson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Tyson, you may begin. Lynn A. Tyson With me today are Chairman and CEO, Indra Nooyi and CFO Richard Goodman. Indra will lead off with a brief recap of 2009 and our key priorities for 2010 and then Richard will review our operating and financial results and share more detailed view of 2010. Well then move to Q-and-A, where well be joined by John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods; Massimo dAmore, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Beverages; Zein Abdalla, CEO PepsiCo Europe; and Saad Abdul-Latif, CEO of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa. After Q-and-A, we will end with some closing comments from Indra. I encourage you to review our earnings web deck, which augments our comments today, and is posted on our website at www.pepsico.com/investors. Our IR activities include Zein Abdallas presentation at CAGNY one week from today and our Analyst Meeting March 22 and 23, which will be held in New York City at Yankee Stadium. During todays call unless otherwise noted, all references to EPS growth, net revenue growth and division and total operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. Please read our Q4 Earnings Release for more details.  Before we begin, please note, take note of our cautionary statement, this conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K and finally, you should refer to the investors section of PepsiCos website under financial news and events, to find disclosures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures that maybe used by management when discussing PepsiCos financial results.  With that, I will turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Lynn and good morning everyone. This morning I want to briefly recap our financial and operating performance in 2009, and how we positioned ourselves for strong 2010. Then Ill give you an update on the bottling transactions, which we now hope to close by the end of February, and then give you a glimpse of some of the topics we will cover at our analyst meeting next month. Starting with a look at 2009, I must say that Im very pleased with our teams performance. We delivered balanced top and bottom line growth in our operating divisions and our EPS growth was right inline with our guidance. We grew net revenue by 5%, we grew division operating profit by 6% and we increased our gross margins and operating margins in spite of significant commodity inflation. In fact, operating margins increased in all of our segments.
 : Our teams were able to deliver these impressive results by frankly doing what PepsiCo has always been known for, great products, great operations and consistent execution in the marketplace. They provide differentiated and innovative value, they leveraged the benefits of our strong and flexible go-to-market systems and they maintained financial discipline while investing for future growth, and they did all of this in the context of the year in which there were huge macroeconomic challenges across much of the globe. Consumers in North America, Western Europe and Eastern Europe were particularly hit by rapidly increasing unemployment rates. We did a terrific job of adapting to the macros in these markets, which enabled us to sustain consumer momentum and maintain market share. Importantly, we continue to have high growth in the many markets in Asia, the Middle East and parts of Latin America, where the macros were more favorable. Net-net, Im very proud of how our teams navigated the year. PepsiCo Americas Foods recorded another exceptional year with net revenue up 7% and operating profit up 8%. Frito Lays performance was particularly noteworthy, it increased volume, gained share and delivered another seven percentage point increase in operating profit despite having to take up prices as a result of higher commodity costs. Our business in Latin America delivered similarly impressive results with double-digit gains in net revenue and operating profit on top of similar gains the previous year and we gained or held share in virtually every market across the region.  In a very difficult macroeconomic environment, our European business outperformed peer companies and delivered double-digit gains in net revenue and operating profit growth, and high single digit operating profit growth excluding acquisitions. It did this through outstanding productivity improvements, tight cost controls and sustaining consumer engagement by creating relevant price points, which allowed us to maintain or grow share in most of the markets in which we operate. In Asia, Middle East and Africa, we had a tremendous year, with strong volume growth particularly in India, and double-digit net revenue and operating profit growth excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and we made additional investments in our business, particularly in Q4, in order to better take advantage of the huge growth opportunities in key emerging markets. In PepsiCo Americas Beverages, I am very pleased to report that we have continued to gain traction against restaging of our business and the combination of progress we have made against key initiatives, significant productivity gains, and a disciplined approach to pursuing only profitable volume enabled PAB to post a 10% increase in operating profit in the fourth quarter. These results demonstrate that the underlying trends in our businesses are healthy. As I noted earlier, we also made investments to build capabilities in infrastructure that will further strengthen our competitive advantage in 2010 and beyond, which brings me to perhaps the most significant action we took in 2009 to enhance our position in the marketplace, the pending acquisition of our anchor bottlers. We believe this move will truly change the rules of the game for the LRB category in North America. The merger consolidates more than 80% of the North American beverage make sell deliver system into one business unit. We would use our new integrated structure to increase speed to market, flexibility and execution and efficiency across the entire value chain. This combination will enable us to bring a wide variety of new products to market faster, including emerging brands which are still in the early stages of development and we will service our retail customers even more efficiently and effectively, taking PepsiCos Power of One to the next level a major competitive advantage. We hope to close the transactions by the end of February. Integration plans are ready to go, leadership is in place and our teams are excited. The financing is in place, and the shareholders vote on February 17. We look forward to giving you an in depth view of our plans for the new PepsiCo Americas Beverages at our Investor Meeting in March. Now let me turn to 2010 and beyond. In terms of GDP growth around the world, it looks like 2010 is going to be a bit better than 2009, with economists projecting growth in most developed markets and with continued strong growth in key markets in Asia and the Middle East. At the same time, most estimates are showing very little relief in the high unemployment rates that many developed countries are experiencing. Certainly, the unemployment numbers as we enter 2010 are still very high, and were therefore likely to still see a cautious consumer in many developed markets, you know while the barometers with sustainable consumer growth is C-store traffic, and unfortunately, the recent data indicates that C-store trips continue to be down 8% to 10%. As one economist said, we may be seeing a statistical recovery, but a human recession. So, given this economic uncertainty, we decided to take a very pragmatic and prudent approach to our planning for 2010, maintaining the right value equation for consumers in these markets, while simultaneously placing increased emphasis on product differentiation and relevant innovation, where the macros are favorable we will continue to expand our businesses ahead of category growth. So, given this economic outlook for 2010, our planning assumption is that our base PepsiCo constant currency core EPS will grow about 8% to 9%. Assuming the bottling transactions close at the end of February, the constant currency core EPS growth for this new nearly $60 billion company is expected to be 11% to 13%.  As we indicated last year, we will be taking advantage of the financial benefits of this merger not only to step change our North American beverage business and augment our positions in Eastern Europe, but also to make strategic investments that will sustain our momentum well into the future. Richard will walk you through the financial details, but you should expect that we will be reinvesting about $0.08 a share. We will talk at length about these investments in our March Investor Conference, but the key investment categories are: accelerated infrastructure investments in key emerging countries, expansion of our good-for-you platforms in the development of breakthrough products; stepping up our investment in renovating our core products, launching of new innovations in our North American beverage business and innovative sustainability initiatives. You should be assured that all of our investments are subject to a thorough stage gate review process to ensure that each investment will yield an appropriate sustainable return. All of this activity in 2010 is within the context of six key strategies that will define the trajectory of our company for the next three to five years. The first is expanding our global leadership in macrosnacks. We are the global leader in macrosnacks with the number one savory category market share position in virtually every key market in the world. We have an advantaged position across the entire value chain and we plan to leverage every one of our structural advantages to capitalize on the huge growth opportunities that are still available to us around the world. First, we will continue to grow our current businesses in both developed markets and to a far greater extent in developing markets, per capita is still low and where we have significant room for innovative new platforms. Second, we will extend our reach into new markets, both organically as weve done over the past couple years in Pakistan and Vietnam, or through targeted acquisitions as we did recently in the Balkans, and then we will continue to expand into adjacent categories. Third and more importantly, we will continue to make our core snacks healthier through innovations in heart healthy oils, sodium reduction, and the addition of whole grains, nuts and seeds. So thats our strategy to expand our global leadership in macrosnacks. The second key strategy is to ensure sustainable, profitable growth in global beverages. In North America, the game changing bottler transaction, plus the actions we are taking to refresh our brands across the entire beverage category will enable us to accelerate top line growth and also improve our profitability. Internationally, there continues to be significant areas of growth, particularly in developing markets and in emerging categories. We have carefully earmarked investments to take full advantage of those opportunities, looking to ensure that were funding long term growth that is both profitable and sustainable. The third strategy is to unleash the power of Power of One. This has been a promise that we will now raise to an entirely new level, we are in a unique position with retailers across the globe because we can leverage to extraordinary consumer categories, snacks and beverages. We have both high velocity categories, both generate retail traffic, both are very profitable, but most importantly, both deliver exceptional cash flow for retailers. So we will increasingly leverage this portfolio through unique integrated offerings to create value for consumers and deliver greater top line growth for retailers. Equally importantly, we will also accelerate Power of One supply chain and back office synergies in many markets to improve profitability and enhance customer service and we will also extend the scale of our company to partner with other companies around the globe as weve done recently with Anheuser-Busch in the United States for indirect procurement. The fourth leg of our strategy is to rapidly expand our good for you portfolio. PepsiCo currently has, roughly at $10 billion core of good-for-you products, which are anchored by Tropicana, Lebedyansky, Sandora and other juice brands, Aquafina, Quaker for grains, G Gatorade for athletes and the new dairy joint venture we ventured into with Almarai. Along with that we have several other local good-for-you products and brands. Were going to augment the organic growth of these platforms through an increasing stream of science-based innovations. Some of these new products and platforms will come from targeted acquisitions from JVs. The larger number will be generated through the R&D that we have been ramping up over the past couple of years and which we will continue to expand. There are huge opportunities in meeting consumer needs in nutritious beverages and snacks. Most importantly, with Tropicana and Quaker we own two of the top five good-for-you food and beverage brands in the world, the other three being brands owned by European companies and with Gatorade, we own the number two brand for athletes behind Nike. With this unbelievable brand platform, our stepped up R&D capabilities and $10 billion core good-for-you revenue base, I feel we have a great platform to expand nutrition business from and I feel very good about our prospects here. The fifth leg of the strategy is to continue to deliver on our environmental sustainability goals and commitments. Our businesses around the world are implementing innovative approaches to be significantly more efficient in the use of land, energy, water and packaging and were actively working with the communities in which we operate to be responsive to their resource needs and the sixth and the last leg is the development of leadership to sustain our growth. We have an extraordinary talent base across our global organization and manufacturing and sales and distribution, our marketing roots, our staff function and with all our general managers. Many of you have been out to our markets and have seen this firsthand.  As we expand our businesses, we are placing heightened focus on developing the leadership talent, capabilities and experience necessary to grow our businesses well into the future and where appropriate, we will augment and refresh our talent base with selective external hiring. You will hear much more about these strategies next month and get the opportunity to spend more time with the leaders from around the world who will bring all of this to life. So with that, let me turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Goodman: Thanks, Indra. In 2009, our portfolio delivered line of business profitability that was very close to historical trends in constant currency, despite undertaking a significant refresh of our North American beverage business, and despite operating in the most challenging macroeconomic environment in decades. We continue to see strong performance across worldwide snacks businesses as well as in our international beverage businesses. North American beverage business improved sequentially throughout the year, culminating in a return to operating profit growth in the fourth quarter. As Indra mentioned for the full year 2009, net revenue grew 5%, division operating profit and EPS each grew 6%, and management operating cash flow, which grew by 16% excluding certain items was well ahead of our target. Its important to note that we achieved these results without our typical below the line leverage including share buybacks and bottler share sales, which cost us about 300 basis points of EPS growth for the year. Now let me turn to each operating division. PepsiCo Americas Foods delivered strong results in 2009, generating 7% net revenue growth, and 8% operating profit growth for the year and despite facing significant commodity inflation, a pressured consumer and challenging macros in its markets, PAF held or grew operating margins in every one of its business. Frito Lay North America was the fastest growing CPG company in measured channels during 2009 and it also extended its value share lead in the savory category. For the full year Frito delivered 6% increase in net revenue and 7% increase in operating profit, making it the fourth consecutive year of 7% operating profit growth. As expected in Q4, Fritos revenue and operating profit growth rates were adversely impacted by the overlap of the very significant pricing actions the business took in the fourth quarter of 2008, which is why net revenue grew 2% and operating profit grew 4%. The business did an excellent job managing product mix and costs, which allowed them to expand margins in the quarter. FLNA continued to deliver value and product innovation to pressured consumers in differentiated ways. For example, in the quarter Frito increased its focus on the store perimeter with its $2 value line, and recognizing that cash-strapped consumers are more price sensitive at the end of the month, it increased its promotional pricing at the end of the month on popular products like Fritos and Cheetos. From a product innovation perspective, in the fourth quarter Frito completed the conversion of its Tostitos line to whole grains, and it also strengthened its portfolio of Hispanic products with the successful introduction of Rancheritos and Tostitos salsa. Key product offerings were strong for the year. Lays posted volume and value share gains driven by strong in-store execution and by the popular Lays local campaign. Other products that performed well included Stacys Pita Chips, which gained value and volume share and dips and multi-pack products. Looking at 2010, Frito will have a lot of exciting innovation and product news. Building on the strength of its core portfolio, it will launch a line of Lays regional flavors and it will also introduce Lays Kettle with natural flavors and as a part of its efforts to continue to lead the industry in healthy and affordable snacking, Frito will add more whole grains to its Tostitos line and more fiber to its Sun Chips line and well be placing increased emphasis on reduced sodium products. Let me turn to Fritos algorithm for 2010. Theres no doubt that Frito will benefit from the input cost deflation this year and this means we expect profit growth in 2010 will be higher than in 2009. To be very clear though, Frito will use some of the deflation benefit to reinvest back into the business, in infrastructure and in product and packaging innovation. For example, they would expand routes and increase rack penetration, they will also increase the whole grains and fiber in their products and on Earth Day will introduce the first fully compost able chip bag of its kind. These innovative bags, which use proprietary technologies, defined to fully decompose in about 14 weeks. At Latin America Foods the teams delivered strong results in 2009 with net revenue up 10% and operating profit up 13%, despite challenging macroeconomic conditions in many parts of the regions, including a 7% GDP contraction in Mexico. In the quarter, net revenue was also up 10%, although operating profit was up just 3% as the business overlapped insurance settlements related to fire damage at a plant in Brazil. Excluding this settlement operating profit growth in the quarter was in line with the full year trend demonstrating that the LAF businesses continued to deliver balanced top and bottom line growth. In Mexico in the quarter, our teams continued to navigate the challenging macros with tight cost controls, productivity improvements, and selective pricing to offset local commodity inflation. Sabritas held its strong value share position and Gamesa grew value share, posting its highest share level since 2007. In South America in the quarter, we posted double-digit gains in net revenue and operating profit; Brazil and Chile were particular bright spots in the quarter with double-digit increases in volume. Turning to PepsiCo American beverages, 2009 net revenue declined 6% in the face of a challenging category in North America and also reflecting our conscious decision to focus on profitable volume. However, PABs performance improved steadily through the year, culminating in a 10% increase in operating profits in the fourth quarter. The divisions return to operating profit growth was driven by strong productivity and improving top line treads in NAB as well as continued strong operating profit performance in Latin America. We continue to refresh our North America business and results to-date indicates we are taking the right steps to position the business to grow its leadership position in North America. Key accomplishments in 2009 include gross margin expansion at NAB resulting from successful cost management initiatives and very successful product innovation based on Stevia, all natural zero-calorie sweeteners.  Trop 50, which was the most successful new entrants in the chill juice, has reached nearly $100 million in sales and SoBe Lifewater increased volume more than 50% driven by the success of the terrific lineup of zero-calorie SoBe offerings. Were also very pleased with the traction weve achieved on Pepsi Refresh and on the transformation of G, which has seen improved brand equity scores with its core athletic users which are exactly where we want to be and were optimistic about our innovation in marketing calendar for 2010, to highlight just a few things. For brand Pepsi, we launched the Refresh Everything campaign, which encourages individuals, businesses and non-profits to do well in their communities by offering a series of grants from $5,000 up to $250,000. The first 72 hours, the website received over 1,000 proposals, evidence of how relevant this campaign is to consumers. If you havent visited the website yet, please do, either to submit an idea or to vote, www.refresheverything.com. For Gatorade, were introducing the G Series, a full line of products supported by the latest science to provide fuel, fluids and nutrients before, during and after activity and were in the process of removing high fructose corn syrup from Gatorade and G2. These actions align the product more closely with the needs of its target athletic consumer and were excited about how were positioning G in 2010 for future growth. This year, Tropicana will launch Tropicana Juicy Rewards, a program similar to the successful [Brichards] program that Walkers has run in the U.K. Tropicana will work with local and national partners to deliver value in the form of over 20,000 discounted activities and services across the United States, including free admission to theme parks, free annual passes to national and state parks and discounts on Adidas products.  2010 will be a truly historic year for our North American beverage business and we are off to a good start. We look forward to sharing more details with you about the system integration at our Investor Meeting in March. Turning to PepsiCo International, the PI teams again delivered solid results. Our Europe business faced a challenging environment in 2009, particularly in Eastern Europe, but the teams delivered a 10% increase in net revenue and a 13% increase in operating profits and high single-digit operating profit growth excluding the impact of acquisitions. For the quarter, net revenue grew 4% and operating profit was up 7%, as we started to lap the Lebedyansky acquisition, which closed in the fourth quarter of 2008. To ensure marketplace competitiveness, the Europe team delivered differentiated value and drove broad based productivity and cost control initiatives. These actions resulted in half a point of gross margin expansion for the year, despite the top line impact of a weak consumer environment. In Europe snacks, the 1% volume decline for the year entirely reflected the weighed outs we took to offset commodity inflation. The strength in the region has been walkers in the U.K. is consistent performance across the year was based on compelling promotional programs and relevant consumer engagement. A Russia snacks business also performed well, growing volume and value share in the quarter, and also for the year. In 2010, Europe snacks will continue to restage its portfolio to respond to consumer needs for healthier choices and more indulgent snacks including lays sensations premium chips and lays gourmet chips with healthier oils, natural ingredients and reduced sodium. In the Europe beverage business, volume grew 3.5% for the year, and CSD volumes grew double-digits in both the U.K. and Germany. In the quarter we gain share across Western Europe including U.K., Spain and Germany, and we also gained significant share in Turkey. In Russia, Lebedyansky gained volume in and value share in juice for the quarter and for the year, while expanding margins despite Forex in commodity headwinds. In addition, incremental investments in sales infrastructure and value in the second half of the year helped to drive share gains in Russia in cola, teas and energy drinks in the fourth quarter. Plans for the PBG Pepsi Americas integration process on track in Europe and youll hear more Zein Abdalla, about our powerful European food and beverage business at the CAGNY Conference next week. Turning now to EMEA, the business continues to perform very well. For the full year, net revenue grew 12% and operating profit grew 23%. The teams drove these results through an impressive innovation agenda, coupled with value initiatives in key markets, while continuing with significant investments behind distribution and cold infrastructure in both China and India. Q4 has historically been the smallest profit quarter for the division, about 10% or less of its total annual profit, so the decline in profits this Q4 was entirely attributable to the planned step up in investments in developing markets. EMEA beverage volume grew 8% in the year building on strong momentum in India. 
 : The slightly lower beverage volume of 5% in Q4 reflects the timing of Chinese New Year and a price increase in Saudi Arabia, the first we have taken in 30 years. India posted another quarter of strong performance, with beverage volume growth of 21%. Turning to snacks, volume in EMEA grew 9% in 2009, with strong double-digit growth in many countries, including India, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Taiwan and Pakistan. Our Quaker oats brand continues to do particularly well in India and China as consumers respond to our hot healthy messaging and price pack innovation. Snacks volume grew 13% in the quarter, including four points of growth from acquisitions, mainly from our new dairy joint venture with Almarai in Jordan. In 2010, we will accelerate our strategic investments to expand our cold infrastructure, enhance our go-to-market systems, and support our innovations with increased advertising and marketing. Also critical to our longer term success in the region, we gained agreement from the Chinese government to open ten new plants across China. Now let me turn to an update on where we stand with the bottling acquisitions and guidance for 2010. As you know, the SEC has completed its review of the proxy materials and we have secured the required cash for the more than $4 billion in bonds that we issued early in January. The shareholder votes on the transaction take place on February 17 and we hope to close by the end of February. With respect to the status of regulatory approvals, we continue to work with the FTC. Based on that closing date, we are targeting 11% to 13% core constant currency EPS growth off of our fiscal 2009 core EPS of $3.71.  As Indra indicated, this guidance reflects roughly eight to nine points of growth from base PepsiCo that is excluding the impact of the bottler acquisition and certain strategic investments in our business. Were talking with you today about base PepsiCo because the bottler acquisitions have not closed. Once they do close we will talk only about the new PepsiCo, which will include the impact of the acquisition and strategic investments. Turning back to the algorithm, the incremental growth of base PepsiCo reflects combination of several elements. The financial leverage and accounting upside in this transaction itself, which amounted to about $0.15 of share, synergies for 10 months of about $125 million to $150 million or about $0.06 of share, partially offset by strategic investments of about $0.08 of share. Indra talked about the nature of these strategic investments and indicated that we would be discussing them in detail in a March investor meeting. I would like to spend a few minutes here, however, on the financial accretion and synergies. Most of you carefully reviewed our S-4 filings and in particular the pro forma financials, which show that the transaction was about $0.22 accretive through three quarters of 2009. It is critical to understand, however, that these are reported numbers and so include the very significant tax benefits that PBG reported in 2009, which brought its tax rate down to less than 6%. In addition, the pro forma do not include the incremental interest cost related to the onetime $900 million payment we will be making to Dr. Pepper for distribution rights to their brands. Adjusting for these two items brings the leverage and accounting impact of the transaction inline with our $0.15 estimate for 2010. Moving on to synergies, as a result of our recent integration planning efforts, we are now estimating that well get $125 million to $150 million in synergies in 2010 and we expect this number will rise to about $400 million once fully implemented by 2012. Thats about $100 million higher than our earlier estimates, and it is based on recent intensive work that we have been doing jointly across PepsiCo, PAS and PBG. Some of the incremental synergies are additional cost savings, but the majority represents profits from top line growth, some of which will require incremental capital expenditures as well. For competitive reasons, I wont go into more details on these, but Eric Foss and Massimo DAmore will be providing a comprehensive look at the plans for newly integrated beverage business during the investor meeting next month. What I do want to make clear, however, is that the year-over-year increases in synergies from now through 2012 should enable PepsiCo to sustain higher growth levels over this period. Our EPS guidance for 2010 assumes a voluntary $600 million pension plan contribution, as well as the resumption of share repurchases with the combination at about $5 billion. Repurchases therefore be significantly above normal, reflecting catch up from 2009, when we were precluded from repurchasing shares because of the bottler transaction. However, please note that the leverage from these higher repurchase levels will be about the same 1.5% to 2% that we would get from our normal level of share repurchases. That reflects a relatively high year end 2009 diluted share count, which is due to last years lack of share repurchases, combined with option exercises during the year. Also note that the pension contribution has about the same accretive impact as the repurchases. We expect our full year 2010 core tax rate on standalone basis to be about the same as in 2009. The weighted average tax rate included the bottlers will be about 27% to 28%.  Now let me touch on the potential impact on a reported US dollar results of Forex and the devaluation in Venezuela. Its difficult in the current environment to forecast exchange rates. Just when we thought that there would be some greater level of predictability, we saw in early February significant appreciation in the US dollar because of the events in Europe. We expect Forex outside Venezuela will be a benefit, whether it will be a 1% or 2% or 3% tailwind is difficult to estimate. In Venezuela there are two things going on. First, will be accounted for under hyper inflationary accounting in 2010 and the functional currency of our Venezuelan entities will be changed from the US dollar. In addition, in mid January, the Venezuelan government devalued the Bolivar by resetting the official exchange rate from 2.15 Bolivars per dollar to 4.3 for most transactions. We expect that the majority of our transactions will be conducted and remeasured at the 4.3 exchange rate. We are still assessing all the impacts of these changes, but we expect that Forex related impacts on our core reported numbers will be $0.10 to $0.12 a share. In addition we expect to record a non-core onetime charge of about $125 million to net income in the first quarter of 2010, relating to the revaluation of our net monetary assets at the new exchange rate. Before I open it up to Q-and-A, I would like to touch on the shape of 2010 from a financial standpoint. Within our overall 11% to 13% core constant currency guidance, we expect that the first half of the year will be mid-to-high single-digit growth and the second half will be mid-teens growth. The lower growth if the first half primarily reflects lapping of first half 2009 events both above and below the line, rather than any fundamental business issues. As I mentioned earlier, FLNA will be lapping last years strong first quarter, primarily related to the significant pricing it took early last year. Latin America foods and beverages will be lapping the strong operating profit growth it generated in the first half of 2009, and some of our investments will take place in Q1, before we get the benefit of the transaction upsides. In addition, below the line we will be seeing the impact of several factors. The lapping of last years relatively low first half tax rates, which were nearly 200 basis points lower in the first half than in the second, the incremental interest costs from the bond deal we did in January, in anticipation of the closing of the bottler transaction, and no share leverage even excluding the deal for the first half of the year, because of the relatively high starting share count and because we will not begin repurchasing shares until the deal is closed. Net-net, we are expecting a very good top line and bottom line performance across our business in 2010. We will begin to unlock the synergies as well as the strategic benefits from our proposed bottler acquisitions, and we will be making targeted investments in key markets and categories to sustain our growth in future years. With that, let me turn over the call to the operator for Q-and-A and then Indra will close with some final remarks. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Faucher - JP Morgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Two quick questions here, first off, Richard, in your commentary on the North American beverage business, I think you made a comment that it was off to a good start already this year so wanted to see if you could provide a little more color on that and then staying in North America but looking a little bit more broadly, it seems like with the raw material environment and your sort of negative comments on the consumer that you might have a little bit of flexibility on pricing. Can you talk a little bit about sort of your overall view in terms of your ability to generate pricing and are you thinking about using that as a lever or are you more going to say, look, were getting the bottlers together, combining the businesses, we think were going to take pricing wherever its available in the market?
Indra Nooyi: So when we talk about North American beverages off to a good start, one period a year does not make John, but the first period leading up to the Super Bowl we did pretty good in all of our measured channel data and unmeasured channel data so we feel good about volume and revenue trends in the first period, but again let me repeat one period a year does not make. In terms of raw material environment and flexibility on pricing, as I mentioned in my opening comments, the marketplace is tough out there so we want to make sure that we approach the marketplace this year very, very carefully. Were going to take pricing where its available, but we also want to make sure that we provide enough value to consumers, either through price pack architecture or through bundled offerings so that we never lose the consumer through these tough environments.  So we are approaching this year a bit more prudently than ever before. John, did you want to add something on Frito-Lay, how youre approaching it from a pricing perspective.
John Compton: John, I think that as we said in the fourth quarter call, our anticipation now is to not take pricing. We did some selective actions, but broadly not the pricing weve done in the past and were watching very carefully the $2 line, the three for a dollar value line that we have in large format stores and then our ongoing $0.99 line that we sell in the C-store channel. Were seeing our volume growth return and I think youll see Frito-Lay in the low single-digit volume growth rate and thats been our historical volume growth in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: In light of the higher synergies in share repurchase, it seems like the consistent 2010 guidance may have some room for uplift. Im wondering how we should think about that and when you say Power of One to the next level, Indra, what kind of programming does being consolidated enable versus what youve done in the past?
Indra Nooyi: First time theres been an Investor Meeting from Yankee Stadium, home of the world champs. In terms of higher synergies and share repurchase, Mark, Id like to say we have more room and say that were planning prudently. I just want to see how the economy evolves. C-store trips being down 8% to 10% is worrisome, so we are taking a pragmatic, prudent careful approach to the year and want to see how the construction worker, the hourly worker, job situation looks as the year progresses. So while on the one hand we have higher synergies which is a good, bankable number and share repurchase is something we can flex through the year, I think what we have to really watch for is the shape of the business as the year goes on and what kind of value we have to provide the consumer. So on the one hand, you could say looking at the numbers theres room for uplift, but its not just based on our performance. Its also based on the environment. So every quarter well have a conversation with you, well see how this thing evolves. In terms of Power of One, in the past weve talked about Power of One strictly in terms of bundled offerings in the store, but I think theres so much more we can do to align merchandising efforts across beverages and snacks, think about how to improve the service to customers by aligning our supply chains even more closely. We can improve the speed, flexibility with which we respond to consumer request; and I think thats most exciting is that, we can bring lot more health and wellness offerings in a bundled way to the consumers. So we have a whole team thats working on this and were not just calling it Power of One, were talking about the Power of Power of one. And at our and at our Investor Meeting, theres a whole section on that and I think youll be quite excited with what you see.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Just your other comment about stepping up investments in China and India, I wonder if you can give us any kind of dollar magnitude there, or more broadly talk about the level of investment youre making in those markets versus kind of primary competition, where do you think you stand?
Indra Nooyi: We are not breaking it down in that level of detail, Mark, but just rest assure that $0.08 that we have is all towards accelerating investments in all the growth markets and as Richard mentioned, the great thing thats happened is, weve gotten the permission to build the 10 additional plants in China. That gives us an opportunity to invest even faster to grow the footprint of our business. In March a lot more detail, not today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: I was hoping to get a little more granular on Frito-Lay. John, maybe you can help us understand unit growth versus pound growth, because theres a lot of noise in the numbers as youre adjusting the pounds out of the corn. So maybe in the fourth quarter, how did unit growth trend versus pound and then on that low single-digit pound growth for 2010, how do you see the units trending and in large format versus small format as well?
John Compton: Bill, in the quarter, our unit growth was around 1% and it varied between the big bags versus small bags, to your point about the channel differences, so we did see unit growth in the quarter.  Frito-Lay has historically run 2% to 3% pound agreement thats our expectation certainly going into 2010. It will differ by channel. We still think that although were going to be lapping sort of the declines in the CNG channel, that the trends currently are still high-single-digit trip declines year-over-year. So were watching that very carefully, but were picking it up in other parts of the business, the dollar segment, the drugstore channel are all growing faster than our historical growth rates. So I think youll see low single-digit volume growth.  As Richard said, we expect to see the business perform higher than it has in the past on operating profit growth as we have the benefit of deflation, but were also investing back part of that deflation fairly benefits to accelerate top line growth.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: On the reinvestment there youve talked about racks and routes, but also on the promotional spend, do you anticipate having to tick up the promotional spend as youre trying to drive that volume improvement?
Richard Goodman: I wouldnt say necessarily promotional spend, I think more of our investment will be back into elevating the core portfolio through changing the health profile of our products, the whole grain conversion back into Tostitos, sodium reduction in our flavored fried potato chips. Certainly well invest in our route system and in the merchandising equipment that we bring to retailers, but more of the investment will be in elevating the core portfolio.
Indra Nooyi:
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: I was hoping you could expand on China, how you view the competitive landscape going into this year and also your view on any gaps that you might have in your product portfolio, both snacks and beverages there? In the process, if you could also touch on the incremental investments youve done in China?
Indra Nooyi:
 :
Saad Abdul-Latif: Were very pleased about our progress in China. In foods, we continue to grow and gain share behind Quaker and Lays. In beverages, our NCBs continue to grow ahead of our expectations. As Richard said earlier, weve got approval for 10 more plants. Thats an addition to the four plants that we got earlier. So as we look at our China business, were looking at a long term horizon there. Were investing to tap on the opportunities that Indra has talked about.
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, let me add to this. Carbonated Soft Drinks is a regulated industry in China and so every time you grow, you have to get permission from the Chinese government. When we went into China, we had fewer plants that were approved for us versus our principle competitor. So right off the bat, our positions were different. Now with all of these new plants that are being approved. As Saad mentioned, four just approved and 10 additional, so theres 14 plants that are going in. We can now start expanding our footprint in China extremely, rapidly. In addition, non-carbonated beverages, whether its the Tropicana pulpy sac, whether its the Chinese traditional medicine drinks we have launched, theyre off to a good start. I think the time has come now for us to significantly accelerate our investments in China and grow this business much more rapidly than we have been in the past because in a way our hands were tied based on the permissions we had for the various townships that would be willing to put plants in. So we are looking at the period between 2010 and 2015 as a period of tremendous investment in China beverages and the markets still growing in leaps and bounds, but what we have to be careful about is not doing anything irrational to get volume in one quarter or one period, we want to make sure, wed manage this business for sustainable growth and profitability over the next five years. So thats what were doing in beverages. In snacks, the market is wide open. The unbelievable thing in China is a snacking culture and they snack on many, many interesting items and they like the Western brands because we are a mark of quality. So the whole game in China in snacks is, how do we bring our global brand portfolio, our mark of safety and quality, take the fragmented Chinese snack market, provide it to the Chinese consumer in a convenient, packaged way under our brands and already were off to a good start with Lays and the Quaker brands. Were going to add a lot more products under those umbrellas to grow the snacks business. The market is wide open. It plays to our advantage because we know how to do sustainable agriculture. Weve done great things with farmers in China and we know how to develop these categories. That is our core strength. As I said, 2010 forward is the big growth area for China and we are very excited about China. I spent a couple of weeks in China this summer. Its opened my eyes to the kind of opportunities there and this bottler transaction gives us the breathing room to go off and truly step our investments there, so the game is just beginning.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment: Just to make sure, I understand the base PepsiCo guidance, does it include or exclude some of the incremental spending and then along the lines of the step up in spending, how long before well see an impact of this on the top line and does it all change your long term revenue growth model?
Indra Nooyi: Hard to give you complete answer there, Kaumil. So let me start off by saying, the core base PepsiCo growth model, the historical, go back the last three or four years, we talked about sort of a 9% to 10% or at least 10% EPS base PepsiCo growth model. To be honest, thats where we started and thats where we feel comfortable, but Im looking at the C-store traffic trends and I think it would be much more prudent for us, especially given that we have a good U.S. business, to plan a little bit more conservatively for 2010. According we are saying lets make sure that we dont expect too much from the base, not given our business, given the economic conditions and the C-store traffic in particular and based on that we said the base was probably 8% to 9% be prudent and thats the base PepsiCo and that does not involve the accelerated investment in China, includes a base level of investment in China and India. All of these markets, which are pretty spectacular to start, but all that we are saying is since we now have permission to invest in 10 more plants, because were going to open up new geographies, lets also accelerate our marketplace investment like coolers and whatever equipment and advertising that we can put into these markets. So, what were saying is the base is 8% to 9% and now lets take the room from this acquisition and look at all of our programs across the world and see what we can accelerate prudently, because youve got to have the organizational bandwidth, lets make sure to put these investments in. Now regarding our long term algorithm, Richard mentioned that from a bottom line basis, between 2010 and 2012, we can sustain pretty attractive levels of bottom line growth. Clearly, that bottom line growth doesnt come without good top line growth so at this point, again, talking in constant currency, we see at least for the next three years or so, again, were going to be a $60 billion company so we have to sustain the growth level of that company.  We feel good about revenue growth and bottom line growth, revenue growth consistent with past practices and bottom line growth at the accelerated level that we just talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas - Bank of America.
Christine Farkas - Bank of America:  A couple of clarifications if I could Richard, just to back up again on the bottler accretion I want to understand whats really changed here previous to todays call I believe the expected accretion was something like $0.02 to $0.03 and if Im reading your guidance today correctly, looks like something closer to $0.13 for 2010. Is that fair?
Richard Goodman: I mean, there are several elements. I mean, we have the financial and sort of accounting accretion from the transaction of around $0.15 and then we have the additional synergies as well and I think that thats actually pretty close to where we had been guiding people.
Christine Farkas - Bank of America: If I could follow up on China, just to understand the beverage volumes there for Pepsi were down year-over-year, given the timing of the Chinese New Year and Im curious, again, your arrival posted strong double-digit growth, did not call out the Chinese New Year. Im just wondering if theres a timing difference or something else fundamental that you want to point out?
Indra Nooyi:
. :
Christine Farkas - Bank of America: If I could just follow up with North American beverages do you split out or could you split out the volume trends between North America and Latin America. You talked about some top line progress but curious how the volumes looked in the fourth quarter sequential to the third?
Richard Goodman: Christine, we dont split out those but both on the top and bottom line we saw very positive trends on both of the businesses that North America beverages was profitable in the fourth quarter and significantly ahead of where it was earlier in the year.
Operator: Your final question comes from Lauren Torres - HSBC.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: Indra you talked about this in your prepared remarks but I was curious to hear more about how youre thinking about reinvesting some of your synergies savings back into the North American beverage business. I think theres a concern out there that maybe youre focused more on volume growth at the expense of profit growth so just curious about how youre thinking about reinvestment to drive profitable growth this year?
Indra Nooyi: Lauren, it exactly the opposite I mention it, Richard reiterated and Ive been saying it, at least several times during this call we are focused on profitable growth. We do not want to chase volume at the expense of profit, because thats renting volume. Were not going to do that and the reason we have this positive leverage in the bottom line versus top line, is because we made a conscious decision not to rent volume. The investments in North American beverages that we talked about specifically, we believe theres some breakthroughs possible in North American beverages. If those breakthroughs do come to fruition we will invest behind it. For competitive reasons, cant give you much more information than that, but North American beverages investment is only going to happen if theres a breakthrough. Otherwise, investments are going to happen in many other parts of the country, the good-for-you pieces, accelerated investment in emerging markets, were going to target each of these investments so we get long term growth from these investments. I mean, thats the beauty of a strategic investment as opposed to addressing any short term operational fix.
Operator: Thank you. Ill now turn the call over to Ms. Indra Nooyi, closing remarks.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, operator. To close, I just want to say that Im so proud of all of our teams and how they performed this year. As I mentioned, we delivered the strong results by doing what PepsiCo is always been known for great products, great operations, consistent execution in the marketplace and great team work. Most importantly, we took the right steps in 2009 to enhance our competitiveness, regardless of the macros and 2010 with the bottling deal, I think is going to be a defining year for PepsiCo and we look forward to sharing with you in March our game plan for the next chapter of PepsiCos growth. So until the Yankee Stadium, thank you for your time today and well see you then.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Lynn Tyson - Investor Relations Indra K. Nooyi - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Michael D. White - Vice Chairman Richard A. Goodman - Chief Financial Officer John C. Compton - Chief Executive Officer - PepsiCo Americas Foods Zein Abdalla - Chief Executive Officer, Europe
Analysts: Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research John Faucher - JPMorgan Christine Farkas - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Caroline Leeney - Calyon CLFA
Lynn Tyson: the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K.  And finally you should refer to the investor section of PepsiCos website under financial news to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCos financial results. And with that Ill turn the call over to Indra.
Indra K. Nooyi: Good morning, everyone. First off, let me start by welcoming Eric Foss, Chairman and CEO of Pepsi Bottling Group, to the PepsiCo family. We are delighted he has agreed to be the CEO of PepsiCo Bottling North America once our transactions close. Welcome, Eric.  I would also like to take a minute to thank Mike White, Vice Chairman of PepsiCo, for his tremendous contributions to PepsiCo. Mike has served PepsiCo over the past 20 years in many leadership positions. He is a close friend, an outstanding executive, and will be a lifelong member of the PepsiCo family. We all wish him the very best as he embarks on the next leg of his lifes journey.  Mike, would you like to say a few words?
Michael D. White: Sure. Thank you, Indra. Good morning, everyone. I need to start spending those million Marriott points Ive worked up over the last nine years running international but really I just wanted to share two brief thoughts -- one is thanks and the other is confidence. First I would like to thank Indra and really PepsiCo has been so good to me and my family. I am grateful for all that its done for me but for this purpose this morning, I would also like to thank all of the sell and buy side analysts -- all of the folks that over the years, the last 12 years, I recall when Peggy Moore first took me around, were kind enough to share their candor, sometimes positive and sometimes critical but always I think something that I found insightful and helpful for me as I tried to help us get better as a corporation.  [inaudible] confidence -- look, I think Indra is doing an outstanding job leading this company. I couldnt be more delighted with the strategy and I am still a big shareholder. I think the PAB structure is coming together brilliantly. I am confident in the total leadership structure that we have announced and I believe it is going to work very well in delivering the synergies that we have talked to you about.  But I suppose I will always be most passionate about the international opportunities that we have. I believe that our international business still has tremendous growth potential and I know Zein Abdalla and Saad Abdul-Latif are going to do a terrific job. They have worked with me for the last seven years, closely. They know how to build a business and how to work through both tough times and good times and ensure that we continue to drive profitable growth in our businesses. They are true business builders who are passionate about our business but more than that, they are passionate about building people and nurturing a culture of people that want to work and grow in this business.  So its been a terrific run and I am grateful, Indra, for your support and Ill be around for a little longer. 
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Mike. Thanks for everything you have done for us. Today I am going to approach my opening remarks in a slightly different way than usual. You have read our earnings release and seen that we delivered another solid quarter, reaffirmed our 2009 guidance, and provided a performance target of 11% to 13% EPS growth for 2010, post the close of the acquisitions of our anchor bottlers.  Our expectation is that these transactions are likely to close at the end of 2009 or early I 2010, subject to the FCC and SEC regulatory processes, as well as shareholder approval.  In any case, we hope that as of our Q4 call in February, we will be talking with you about the new PepsiCo, an almost $60 billion company. But before we sign off on the old PepsiCo and transition to the new, I want to recap the last 12 months, both the environment and our transformational work. I then want to spend some time to set up 2010 with some broad themes.  So let me start with the last four quarters. All of us have lived through the incredible changes in the global economic landscape since mid-2008. Perhaps this was an inevitable adjustment to the boom times that came before. In any event, the resulting dramatic downturn in global GDP led to huge strings in commodity prices, big increases in joblessness across most of the developed world, as well as in some developing countries, and as one might expect, considerable changes in consumer spending patterns across most of the world.  Over this period, in anticipation of structural shifts and changes in consumer behavior that we expected in the market, both in the short and long-term, we at PepsiCo were among the first to begin to transform ourselves. We launched our productivity for growth initiative early in Q4 of 2008 to create P&L breathing room for 2009 and we completed this work flawlessly by the middle of the year.  We focused across the globe on margin management to ensure that amidst all the variability from commodities and transactional for-ex and all the uncertainties in consumer spending, we would be able to sustain or enhance our margins. That work encompassed proper revenue management so that we hit the right price points, product mix and trade spending levels to achieve both volume growth and appropriate gross margins, and productivity across the entire value chain in order to sustain a competitive cost advantage.  Year-to-date, both gross margin and operating margins are up versus prior year.  Next, we refreshed a considerable part of our North American beverage portfolio. As a result of our efforts, I am proud to report that brand equitys push for key brands has risen, including Gatorade with core fitness users and Pepsi with [inaudible]. And in CSDs in Q3, we have taken a leadership position in measured channels. Taken together, our brand refresh program is right on track.  We then reached agreement on the acquisition of our two anchor bottlers. Our post-merger integration efforts are on or ahead of schedule and the project management office is up and running to ensure both a seamless integration and delivery of the synergies.  And we have executed several tuck-in acquisitions in key markets around the world, which are transformational for our businesses in those countries. They include the Lebedyansky juice business in Russia at the end of last year, a dairy business in Jordan in conjunction with Almary, and the contribution of our Japanese snack business to a new joint venture with [Calbi], the leading salty snack company in Japan. And we are in the process of evaluating several more tuck-ins.  On the people side, we are also very proud of our transformational efforts. We made generational management transitions which were well-planned, well-planned in advance and executed seamlessly. We added or upgraded capabilities to accelerate our growth by bringing into our organization very talented people who have considerable experience in priority areas like R&D, digital marketing, marketing to athletes, transformational thinking, disruptive technologies, shopper insights, and areas such as these. All of these moves were intended to ensure that as a company, we are building capabilities for the future.  Through all of these changes, our portfolio has delivered. Year-to-date, net revenue grew 5%, division operating profit 7%, and EPS grew 8%. We have invested substantially in R&D, IT, and in the marketplace for the long-term and our cash flow growth has been spectacular also, which I will talk about.  I am very proud of the tremendous efforts our associates around the world have made and the results weve achieved in this challenging environment. I am proud of their can-do spirit and their must-do sense of responsibility.  So that was the recent past -- let me now turn to 2010 and beyond. As we think about the coming year, our planning assumption is that the rebalancing of the global economic landscape is still a work in process. Our planning assumptions include low levels of GDP growth in the developed world. However, as the outlook for job creation remains mixed, our consumer research shows that the age of thrift that we are seeing in consumers in the U.S. and Western Europe will continue in 2010 and that consumers will continue to remain very careful about their spending.  East of the Middle East and in parts of South America, the situation is quite different. We expect to see continued GDP growth below the 2003 to 2008 levels but still several points higher than the U.S. and Western Europe, and in those regions the growth in consumer spending will continue, although not at a pace that entirely offsets the slower growth in the west.  Overall, consumer staples like food and beverages have been less impacted by the economic turmoil than other categories. I guess the word staples really drove home. Looking forward, we expect continued attractive growth in most of emerging Asia and developing South American economies and growth at lower levels in the developed world, but growth all the same.  Even within that relative stability, we expect that both the pattern of growth and the shape of consumer spending are likely to be different going forward, particularly in two areas. The first is value. Consumers in the developed world are adjusting to a changing macro environment by placing value at the top of their agendas as they think about their purchases.  But value is an increasingly complex equation. Getting the right price point is often as important as getting the right price per pound around. And when we deliver value is also becoming important -- the first part of the month versus the second, on pay days versus normal days.  The second is an increased focus on health and wellness and functional benefits, as consumers look to achieve proper balance in the food and beverages they consume. They are placing an increased emphasis on prevention rather than cure. While this presents challenges in some areas, it also represents enormous opportunities to bring consistent, high quality healthier offerings to consumers who are looking for convenient food and beverages that taste great but are good for you.  So what are we going to do about these strengths in 2010 and beyond? As I said earlier, we have indicated a performance target of 11% to 13% EPS growth, assuming that the transaction is completed in early 2010. I know that some of you have us at higher numbers. However, we see 2010 as a year to reinvest in the company and continue to make important generational investment that will ensure the long-term sustainability of our top and bottom line growth.  So let me walk you through some of those areas where we intend to make those important investments. First, we will continue with high levels of investment in R&D to create products that have true science based differentiation and will enable us to accelerate our health and wellness transformation. We have put in place an outstanding R&D team with complementary skills and experience, and we have married them with our insights organization which we are continually upgrading.  While we are already seeing benefits from some of the work in our 2010 pipeline, we dont expect immediate major breakthroughs. This is an area where sustained investment is critical.  Second, we will continue to invest in the expansion of our businesses in emerging markets through infrastructure investments, launching new products, and significantly stepping up investments behind hiring and training talent for future growth. We will also continue to make tuck-in acquisition. As I indicated earlier, our pipeline is looking very promising. However, as you well know, we will take a very disciplined approach to all acquisitions.  Third, we will step up our investments behind a few big global brands to solidify their position in an increasingly cluttered retail environment.  Fourth, we will continue our investments in SAP, both domestically and internationally, to ensure we have the IT infrastructure to support our growth and indeed to help drive top line growth and middle of the P&L productivity.  Fifth, we will also continue to invest in upgrading our people capabilities. The world around us is experiencing profound changes resulting from the macroeconomic turmoil and the growth of emerging markets. To ensure that our talent base in every market and at the leadership level remains the best amidst these changing realities, we will step up our investments in the training and development of our associates, provide more experiential learning for our key executives, and if necessary add selectively from the outside to our companys talent base to ensure we have the right competency to lead us I the future.  Lastly, we will also be stepping up our focus on environmental sustainability, particularly water conservation, energy efficiency, and packaging recyclability.  We dont want to reduce our investment due to the economic conditions, especially since this is a time when governments need large companies to do their part and behave responsibly. We intend to make good on our promise to deliver performance with purpose.  So thats our 2009 year-to-date journey and some overall direction on what you can expect from PepsiCo in 2010.  With that, let me turn it over to Richard Goodman. Richard. 
Richard A. Goodman: Thanks, Indra. Let me turn to our operating results. In the third quarter, we continued to see strong performance across our international businesses, as well as in our domestic snacks business, and our North American beverages team did a great job managing margin in a soft market.  Our teams around the world focus on driving balanced results while optimizing cash flow from operations. They achieve this by focusing on four key priorities. First, a commitment to providing value to customers and consumers and, as Indra indicated in her remarks, by value we mean the combination of price, size, and importantly the functionality of our offerings. By delivering value, we keep the consumer with us during challenging times.  Second, leveraging the benefits of our strong and flexible go-to-market system to make quick changes in response to the environment.  Third, continuing to implement consumer preferred innovation to drive sustained growth, and fourth, operating with financial discipline, keeping the laser focused on productivity.  These focus areas, taken together with our diversified global portfolio, helped us to drive solid performance, both in the third quarter and year-to-date.  Net revenue grew 5% in the quarter and 5% year-to-date. Operating profit improved sequentially, growing 8% in the quarter and 7% for the year. EPS grew 8% in the quarter, consistent with the year-to-date performance. Both overall gross margin and division operating margin increased in the quarter, as they did in the first half of the year, and management operating cash flow excluding restructuring and the Q1 pension contribution is up 22% on a year-to-date basis.  Taking a deeper dive into each operating division, PepsiCo Americas foods continued to deliver strong results with 7% net revenue growth and 6% operating profit growth. Across DAF, we grew share in virtually every market where we operate and key long-term growth platforms outside of our core portfolio, such as nuts and seeds, bread snacks, and baked products gained traction, each growing more than 20% year-to-date.  Frito Lay North America grew volume share in the quarter off an already large base, delivering differentiated value that narrowed price gaps significantly to its competitors and taking its value message to price conscious consumers through relevant marketing campaigns.  Through the first three quarters of the year, Frito Lay was the fastest growing of the top 20 food and beverage companies in the United States.  As youll recall, this was Fritos first full quarter lapping the pricing it took in the middle of last years second quarter to offset commodity inflation. This resulted in a more normalized spread from volume to revenue in Q3 relative to the first half of the year. FLNA grew volume 3% and net revenue 5%. Profitability grew 5% and reflects changes in product and channel mix, our 20% more initiative, and also the pricing overlap. We also made incremental investments in new center store snack aisles in grocery stores across the country.  Looking at product performance, Lays potato chips grew high single digits, due both to strong in-store execution and also to the Lays local campaign, which highlights the local cultivation of the potatoes that go into its products. We also saw significant growth in dips, including from the [SABRA] joint venture and in our multi-packs, which provide the benefits not only of variety but also of portion control.  At Frito, we stay close to the consumer and are responsive to changes in their spending patterns. Although our 20% more free weight-up initiative, we learned that volume wasnt motivating purchase as much as price in this environment. In fact in the quarter, we saw consumers sharpen their focus on price point as the month progressed and budgets tightened. Frito capitalized on this trend by leveraging the flexibility of its go-to-market system to plan promotions and manage trade calendars on a weekly basis.  At the beginning of the month, FLNA featured promotions at higher price points while at the end of the month when budgets were more constrained, it promoted lower price point offerings. And the division is being surgical about delivering value in different ways. In large format stores, Frito is positioning its $2 value line at the perimeter of the aisles to draw traffic, while featuring differentiated value once consumers are in the aisle. And when we talk about differentiated value, we are referring not to reduced or promotional pricing. For example, if consumers find value in the functionality of Tostitos Scoops because its shape enhances their dipping experience. In the fourth quarter, FLNA will introduce Tostitos Strips, an innovation that enhances the dipping experience for consumers in a different way.  Another approach to differentiated value is product innovation, which delivers enhanced health and wellness benefits. Beginning next quarter, FLNAs entire Tostitos line will feature whole grains, making it a healthier alternative.  At Latin America Foods, the team delivered solid results despite challenging macroeconomic conditions in parts of the region, including double-digit GDP contraction in Mexico and significant inflation in Argentina and Venezuela. LAF net revenue grew 9% and operating profit grew 11% even after taking into account the 5 percentage point negative impact related to last years gain from a fire related insurance settlement in Brazil.  The margin accretion, despite input cost inflation, reflected a combination of visual pricing and weigh-outs, disciplined cost control, and productivity improvements. In Mexico, Sabritas and Gamesa both gained market share and delivered solid operating profit growth in spite of the countrys macro challenges. This summer was particularly hot in Mexico and as a result, we saw consumer preference shift to salty snacks over cookies. This category dynamic benefited Sabritas where salty volume improved sequentially. And Sabritas experienced particularly good performance from a salty snack innovation name [Packataxos], a large bag of mixed snacks that represents great value to consumers. At Gamesa, product extensions on core cookies contributed favorably to product mix and the company also added routes in the quarter to expand penetration into new neighborhoods.  In South America, the teams drove both value share and volume share across the region. We have now fully implemented SAP in Brazil, a transformation advantage that will enhance productivity and make it easier to integrate future acquisitions.  Planned inventory build-ups to prepare for the changeover to SAP, however, muted volume growth in the quarter.  Across a number of South American countries, we recently launched product innovations such as [Twiznos] Baked Bread Snacks, which continued to perform very well. And as the team works to expand its portfolio of better-for-you offerings, they are rolling out Quaker products across the region.  At PepsiCo Americas Beverages, the North American LRB category continues to be adversely impacted by weakened consumer spending. Nevertheless, PAB strengthened its market position as its revitalization efforts gained traction.  Among highlights for the quarter, PepsiCo CSD portfolio in the U.S. achieved the number one volume and value share position with measured channels in Q3. The companys enhanced water portfolio gained share in the quarter, reflecting high double-digit volume gains in Sobey Life Water, which benefited from extraordinary growth of its zero calorie [Sevia] sweetened line extension. And in Latin America, PAB had another very good quarter.  Turning now to Gatorade, volumes were down this quarter, as expected, but we did see a sequential improvement in volume trend and G2 continues to grow at high levels. We know there is considerable interest in the U.S. Gatorade business, even though it does represent just a small, very small part of the overall PepsiCo portfolio, so let me give you some additional color on this business.  At our last call we talked about the casual non-athletic user who would come into the Gatorade franchise between 2003 and 2007, and driven a large part of the higher-than-usual growth rates we experienced during that period. Based on our most recent comprehensive consumer research, we know that todays Gatorade volume is coming largely from the core athletic user. Importantly, this core user continues to be loyal to Gatorade, a brand that is second only to Nike, the worlds number one sports franchise.  Since the relaunch of Gatorade and the brand refresh initiatives over the past few months, Gatorades brand equity scores with the core athlete have improved substantially. For example, among core hydration drinkers, the Gatorade is for an active lifestyle equity score has increased by 13% versus 2008. All of this is good news.  Gatorades recent volume challenge is primarily a result of the economic downturn. Comprehensive consumer research completed recently indicates that the issue is not lost penetration with the core user but some loss of frequency and that is very clearly related to consumer budget concerns. To that point, about 60% of the occasion losses went to water, both tap water, which is free, and bottled water, and another 30% went to cheaper options like juice drinks. Less than 5% of the loss occasions went to so-called competitive offerings.  Going into 2010, our plan is to keep Gatorade solidly in the athletic space and to deliver targeted innovation to that athlete.  Turning now to PepsiCo International, the PI teams again delivered solid results despite the continued headwinds in many parts of the world. The teams did an excellent job of managing the P&L, driving relevant promotions and price pack initiatives to deliver double-digit revenue and operating profit growth across both Europe and EMEA. The macroeconomic environment continued to be challenging in Europe this quarter. Unemployment approached double-digit levels in a number of key markets, including France, Russia, and Turkey, and is expected to reach nearly 20% in Spain by year-end.  However, there are signs of consumer confidence improving a bit in Western Europe. Unfortunately, we are not seeing as much of a recovery yet in Eastern Europe, although currencies have stabilized. Amidst this backdrop, the Europe division grew margins and profitability by driving productivity and maintaining tight cost controls. These actions resulted in net revenue growth of 12% and operating profit growth of 18%. Over the past year, the Europe teams have been able to deliver solid top and bottom line results by running creative value-added promotions, taking effective net revenue management actions to cover commodity cost increases, and resetting price pack architectures to hit a hot price point across snacks and beverages.  In Europe snacks, volume declined 1%, reflecting the challenging macros across the region, as well as pricing action, including weight-out, to offset commodity inflation. Importantly, the Europe division largely held or improved its competitive position across the region. In the U.K., Walkers grew value share through disciplined pricing and the continuing success of its [grip trips] campaign. And in the fourth quarter, Walkers will continue to build on its solid momentum through value-oriented promotions such as its gazillion bad giveaway promotion in partnership with [Tesco].  Our Russia snacks business drove volume growth and gained 6.5 share points, reflecting the success of locally relevant flavor extensions and the launch of sensations premium potato chips. The Russia team will further enhance its portfolio of locally relevant snacks in the fourth quarter with flavor extensions of its bread snack line.  In the Europe beverage business, volume grew 9% with a sequential organic growth versus the first half reflecting solid growth in Western Europe and Turkey. In Western Europe, we posted share gains in CSBs and ready-to-drink tea resulting from focused price pack initiatives, new flavor introductions, and successful marketing campaigns.  In Russia, Lebedyansky grew market share, expanded margins, and delivered solid profitability despite for-ex and commodity headwinds. One of the keys to Lebedyanskys success is its brand portfolio, which features strong brands across a full span of price points, premium, core, and value. Its broad array of locally relevant offerings enables them to keep consumers despite the macroeconomic environment.  Turning now to EMEA, the division again posted strong volume, net revenue, and operating profit growth. The EMEA team focused on delivering value, managing cost and driving productivity gains while continuing to invest in locally relevant innovation.  EMEA beverage volume grew 9%, reflecting broad-based gains across the region. India grew over 50%, with strong growth in both CSBs and non-carbs as a result of investments to expand cooler infrastructure, improved market execution, and the benefit of a particularly hot summer season.  In China, beverage volume growth was led by strong MCB performance, particularly in the Tropicana line of locally relevant juice drinks.  In the quarter, the China team continued to expand distribution for key products including PepsiMax, Lipton Ready to Drink Tea, and the Tropicana juicy pulp snacks drink.  EMEA snack volume grew 8% in the quarter, gaining momentum and more than doubling its growth versus the previous quarter. Growth was geographically broad-based, led by double-digit increases in India and South Africa, feeding off of strong innovation. For example, in India, the team launched [Aliva], a new savory cracker product with aggressive print and media activations. And in Australia, the team launched Brainwave, a multi-grain salty snack that expands its better-for-you lineup of snacks. The teams also leveraged price pack architecture initiatives and promotions throughout the region to deliver value in locally relevant ways, ensuring that we maintain our competitive position with consumers across the economic spectrum.  Now let me turn to some below-the-line items and our outlook -- our third quarter EPS of $1.08 included a tax rate of 24.7%, primarily reflecting the favorable resolution of certain foreign tax matters. For the full year, we now expect our tax rate to be about 26%.  The company continued to generate strong management operating cash flow in the quarter, about $4.1 billion year-to-date excluding certain pension and restructuring payments for a 22% increase over last year. We are on target to hit our full-year cash flow guidance.  For fiscal 2009, we continue to expect to deliver mid-to-high single digit constant currency EPS growth off of 2008s core EPS of $3.68. Based on current spot rates, foreign exchange translation would represent about a mid-single-digit percent headwind to our full-year EPS growth.  Currently we do not anticipate repurchasing shares for the balance of the year, because of the pending bottler acquisition.  For fiscal 2010, we are going out with guidance a bit earlier than usual because we would like to provide some clarity as you consider statements weve made about the bottling transaction, as well as the recent S4 filings.  For 2010, we are targeting EPS growth of 11% to 13%. This includes the modest one-year accretion we talked with you about in August related to the acquisition of PBG and PAS, and it also includes the potential benefits from the acquisition related accounting that you saw in the form S4s. This guidance excludes one-time costs to achieve the synergies.  Please note that if next year we find our business is tracking better than the 11% to 13% range, we will take the opportunity to make further investments in our business to strengthen our competitive mix globally.  It is very important that you understand the context in which we are giving this guidance. We are still in the midst of our annual planning process. We do not have comments yet from the SEC on the S4 filings or regulatory or shareholder approval. We are still doing integration planning and while for the purpose of our guidance we have made the simplifying assumption that we would close in early 2010, we do not have a definitive date yet. Once we have closure on these areas, we will be able to go into more detail with you about our 2010 plans.  Now let me turn it over to the operator for Q&A. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thank you. Congratulations, guys, on getting Eric and congratulations, Mike, on your retirement. Indra, given all your comments at the beginning on the value consumer, does that change the goals of your R&D team? In the past its largely been focused on launching premium products and therefore having some margin benefit from mix. Has the focus shifted to innovating and launching more on the value side? And then what does that mean for margins as we think about them going forward?
Indra K. Nooyi: If you go back to my comments in the beginning, I think we are thinking about three things -- one, clearly one part of the effort has to be on launching lower priced options and our R&D people are focused on that but more than R&D, we have people that work on price pack architecture to make sure that we hit the right price points for the consumer because its not just value -- its also delivering value when the consumer wants it. So theres one group focused on that.  Theres another group focused on differentiated value versus competitive offerings to make sure that our products, even the Lays potato chip, for example, by providing a great quality potato chip with differentiated flavoring, you are provide incremental value to the consumer. So we have people focused on that.  But in todays world where people are also worried about prevention rather than cure, and they are worried more about how they take care of themselves, we want to make sure we have a whole range of science-based differentiated product offerings targeted to key [cohort] groups, whether its women or boomers or athletes or kids. So we have our R&D team focused on these areas which can actually lift the portfolio. So its a judicious balance of all three that we think will allow us to continue to improve margins next year and deliver the [algorithm]. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Got it, and then just a very quick one -- Richard, as we think about the buy-back for next year, is there a catch-up for this year and then we add on whats been your normal buy-back?
Richard A. Goodman: Thats what we are -- we are doing that planning now but clearly we will resume the buy-back and we will look to do some catch-up from where we were this year as well. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlos Laboy with Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: The new long-term macro and consumer reality youve discussed, where do you think that the sustainable long-term growth rate of the combined PI markets may be able to take you? Are these still mid- to high-teen currency neutral growth opportunities?
Indra K. Nooyi: Generally speaking -- again, this is not a guidance but we are talking more about general direction, thats about right. But I think in 2010 in particular, based on everything weve seen in markets east of the Middle East, what we would like to do is take some of the upsides from this transaction and step up our investment in those markets. Let me tell you why 2010 poses a unique opportunity for us.  Two reasons -- one, we will have some up-side from this transaction that we can reinvest. Second, we will have people -- very, very talented people that we will have in the system because you are putting two bottling companies together, we will have excess people, and this is an opportunity to use some of them to help us expand our efforts globally, so thats another reason why I think 2010 should be a reinvestment year. And three, we are beginning to see because of the economic downturn in the west, that we can invest more cost effectively now than perhaps two or three years from now, so we want to take 2010 as a year that we make substantial reinvestments to sustain the long-term growth of the company. So while the mid-teens growth for international is generally the right target, I think in 2010 look for stepped up investments. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello from Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: I wanted to get a little more granular on Frito Lay -- you talked about consumers more focused on price points and they didnt respond as much to the 20% more pounds. What exactly are you seeing in the large format stores versus the small format? Is large format, is it a shift to private label, other snacks thats concerning you? In the small format, obviously you are trying to hit the right price points, but I just wanted to understand exactly what you are seeing there and as the commodities come off further in Q4 and first half 010, do you think well see Frito more into that 6% to 8% operating profit or you will continue to reinvest heavily there?
Indra K. Nooyi: John, let me turn it to you. 
John C. Compton: Sure. I think Frito Lay, if you look at the quarter in total, you have to remember that in Q3 has the two big holidays of July 4th and Labor Day, and those are two holidays that we absolutely want to win. So in the quarter, we did invest in value, in part the 20% more that Richard talked to and in part to ensure that we had the right price points for the consumer. Large format did grow faster than small format, to your point, but our small format business, primarily driven by the $0.99 line, did continue to grow, albeit at a slower pace. And we are putting some initiatives in the marketplace in the fourth quarter notably around Doritos to help take that growth back up.  If I look at the Frito Lay business year-to-date, we have 8% revenue growth in that business, reported. If you go to GDMX and look at the scan data, you would see that Frito Lay is far and away the fastest growing consumer goods company in North America, and thats not comparing it to [Wise] or us -- thats comparing it to other major consumer packaged goods companies. And as you well know, Bill, it is critically important for Frito Lay to keep the growth rate up because of the cash flow that it provides to retailers.  So I think the combination of ensuring that we had the right value in the market for the holidays to follow consumers as they shift their shopping behaviors, and to invest in go-to-market initiatives, primarily this quarter and racking initiatives in large format stores -- you know, I think in part we had a solid quarter over all and we continue to grow our market share.  Weve also said from the very beginning that we wanted to price to the commodity curve and the commodity curve this year was extremely lumpy, and weve done that I think in the first three quarters of this year remarkably well and to your point, yes, as it starts to come down in the fourth quarter and into next year, youll see less pricing from Frito Lay overall and more initiatives to drive our volume growth. 
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me just add one other point -- I would encourage everyone to look at the PepsiCo portfolio in its entirety because any time that we see an opportunity to invest in the business, as long as the overall portfolio works, we would like to take the opportunity because in every business there is going to be puts and takes by quarter but the bottom line is the overall portfolio works. 
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher from JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Thank you and Mike, once again congratulations -- its been great working with you. Sort of following up on Bills question here, and this isnt just an issue for you guys, its an issue for everybody on the consumer staple side -- you know, lots of pricing going forward -- excuse me, in the past -- concern about the consumer -- what gives the confidence that the volume is going to bounce back as we cycle against very difficult pricing comps here? Is it that the consumers will finally have worn off the sticker shock? Do you see the underlying spending coming back? I think thats one of the bigger concerns that people have just from a macro standpoint. 
Indra K. Nooyi: John, let me take the first part of the question then Ill toss it to John to provide more color. One of the things we are seeing is that more and more consumers are staying at home and eating more food at home and so I think that even though the overall consumer sentiment is weak, the fundamental growth in food at home I think is going to continue along low levels but will continue to grow. And I think thats a tailwind in our favor because they take the monies they were spending in food away from home and then bringing it back to food at home because it is still much less expensive to eat at home.  So John, given that as a background, talk about Frito Lay. 
John C. Compton: John, as you see, Frito Lay had 3% volume growth in the quarter and thats actually faster than our year-to-date performance. Now in part, thats because we put 20% more back in packages but our unit growth continued to grow, so I have not seen any indication of volume in Frito Lay North America slowing down -- in fact, the opposite. Our volume growth is picking up.  Now in Latin America, most of our pricing initiatives -- sometimes we do visual pricing, i.e. raising the price of the Peso, but in many cases we do this through weight-out. So we did have volume softness in Latin America but we had a very positive spread between volume and revenue.  But overall, I think the volume initiatives are on track and we had volume growth last year in Frito Lay North America and we are seeing good, solid volume growth this year. 
Richard A. Goodman: I think this is really also about innovation -- this is about our ability to continue to innovate to be able to draw more consumers in the category. Its something that certainly in our snack business, as weve done exceptionally well over the last decade in being able to make sure that we can drive positive volume growth and our goal is to have that balance between positive volume growth and positive profitability. 
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me also toss it to Zein Abdalla, who runs our Europe business, to give some color on the consumers in Europe and what you are seeing there, Zein. 
Zein Abdalla : What we have seen is a lot of the pricing actions that we took throughout the end of late 2008, early 2009, through weight-outs as well as through smart pricing architecture, are now actually built into the space of the business and they were there clearly to cover the commodity cost increases as well as cost increases driven by for-ex.  Now through that, what we have managed to do through our programs of differentiated value and innovation actually has maintain relatively stable volumes, so we are now getting to a point where we won't need to take as much pricing going forward and we are lapping the pricing that we did take.  Weve also through that time built gross margin and built A&M levels, so we are pretty confident about our ability now to invest that to drive growth going forward. 
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Great, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas from Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: A question, if I could -- just actually a follow-up on Frito Lay before I move to beverages; I was just wondering, Richard, if perhaps you can give us your outlook for your basket of commodities and how that is shaped up for 09 and looking into 2010, if you can maybe compare the inflation, and is there a difference overseas versus the U.S.? And then Indra, my question on beverages, weve seen volumes decline now in line in the third quarter with the first half, profit and revenue trends similar in the third quarter to the second quarter -- what should we be looking for here with respect to progress as youve indicated in your comments? Thank you. 
Richard A. Goodman: Just to answer the first question, on the commodities side we are still seeing mid-single-digit inflation for -- overall for the company. It was a little bit -- it was probably a little bit less than we had expected just for the open positions, the commodities that come down during the course of the year but it was still pretty significant and it was more in the food businesses than in the beverage businesses and I think that that was true both domestically and internationally because a lot of it related to cooking oil and potatoes and stuff. So next year, we dont -- I mean, were still in the process of working on next year but clearly we expect it to be deflationary next year and some of that depends upon what happens in the balance of this year but we would expect it to be deflationary, although we dont have particular figures to share with you at this point. 
Indra K. Nooyi: And on beverages, Christine, its an interesting time because of the bottler deal and the fact that we are going to have all of the efficiency and the productivity improvements that will result from integrating the anchor bottlers into PepsiCo. But lets look at the marketplace for next year because when you ask me about what to expect, we have to start with where do we see the category growing in 2010? Now unfortunately in beverages versus foods, there is a free alternative called tap water and so one has to be very cognizant of that as we think about the outlook for a beverage business, not just PepsiCo's beverage business. And so what we have to be careful about is to make sure that those functional efficacious beverages targeted to specific [cohort] groups keep their razor-like focus -- laser-like focus on that [cohort] group. So for example, Gatorade to the core athlete. We have to make sure we dont cheapen Gatorade and now weve restored it back to the core athletes, we need to build on that core athlete and make sure that we dont take short-term actions which dilute the brand versus the long-term.  Similarly, as we think about products like Sobey Life Water, Zero Calorie, Propel, we want to make sure each brand is focused against a target group and we maintain a pricing architecture consistent with that.  So going into 2010, our strategy is to deliver positive profitability I hope, because versus this year where we are overlapping negative profit growth, next year should be a much better year than this. But why dont you wait until about January, so that we can give you a better idea of where we think the category is going and where we think our profits will end up?
Christine Farkas - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. 
Richard A. Goodman: Christine, just let me clarify -- for next year, we are seeing more deflation on the food business than on the beverage business and there are some places internationally where as you know, sugar prices have gone up pretty considerably over the last couple of months and so that -- and so -- and those will affect our beverage businesses, particularly in some of the international, particularly some of the developing countries. 
Christine Farkas - Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, got it. Thanks for that, Richard. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: I was hoping Indra or Mike, if you could help us get a little more granular, specifically in the area of Russia, the Leb effect kind of goes away from this point forward and youve been quite clear about how acquisitions have been aiding volume and profit growth in Europe generally. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you are seeing in Russia, A in the beverage business and B in the snacks business, and then talk a little bit more than youve told us about what you are doing to improve trends there when we of course know that the environment is tough but you also have a number of distinct advantages, including your route to market. 
Indra K. Nooyi: Zein. 
Zein Abdalla : The environment is [inaudible] in Russia clearly a macroeconomic environment and the fact that disposable income has declined in recent months. What I can tell you is, you know, being involved with businesses in Russia across the last couple of decades is that this downturn is quite different to previous ones and that there is many more levers that the economy has to pull to turn around and I was there earlier in the week and as you go around the shopping malls, you still see people in the malls, you still see people transacting and the shelves are stocked, which is clearly different to previous downturns.  What we are doing in our business clearly is driving cost control very tightly, leveraging the strength of our combined businesses. We have a common go-to-market system across snack and snack and beverage, and clearly as the Lebedyansky asset, which is a tremendous asset with a very broad brand portfolio, covering premium through value and a tremendous capability in reach in terms of its go to market system, it gives us the ability to leverage that across all three lines of business. And through that weve managed to grow our margins on Lebedyansky. We are actually growing our profit base on Lebedyansky.  On snacks, we are leading the market in terms of growth. As Richard mentioned, we gained 6.5 share points of share growth on snacks and we feel very well-positioned that as the economy does turn around, that our businesses will benefit. 
Richard A. Goodman: Id just add, Mark, if you look at on the positive side, the Rubel has stabilized -- in fact, strengthened in the last month or two. The government is projecting positive GDP growth, albeit low-single-digits, for next year. And when I look at the power of one opportunities once we closed the PBG transaction, particularly in the East of Russia, I think weve still got lots of levers to pull and frankly our snacks business has powered right through this recession. Its just been amazing what the team there has been able to do, so weve still got good innovation ideas and I am confident we will have a good year next year in Russia. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: And if I could, actually owning PBG versus having this approach youve had in the past, highly integrated in the past but more integrated going forward -- any significant benefits you expect to get from that complete ownership of PBG?
Zein Abdalla : It clearly significantly simplifies the overarching structure that we put in place. If you think about it today, we have actually three different entities in Russia -- a joint venture on beverages, a joint venture on Lebedyansky and a wholly owned snack business. Clearly by simplifying that, we can push [inaudible] one actually to new limits. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Caroline [Leeney] with [Calyon CLFA].  
Caroline Leeney - Calyon CLFA: I am going to ask to dig into China a little bit -- you didnt mention volume growth there and I am just wondering if the government stimulus there has had any benefit on your business, be it for volume or pricing? And if you can just talk about local competitors in that region -- is [Tengyi] gaining ground? It appears to be gaining ground, and just a little background on China would be great. 
Indra K. Nooyi: And Caroline, you know, I spent a couple of weeks in China earlier this summer and the targeted stimulus spending that the Chinese Government has done has clearly taken root in the market and you can see the activity, especially in interior China, where theres many, many projects that are evident on the landscape. And so there is spending being targeted and those markets are growing. The question is can they be sustained? I think that consumer spending will go up in China because the government is encouraging it and we feel quite bullish about China going into 2010.  You know, China is sort of a very interesting market -- in fact, its a market that we ought to use as a learning place to take ideas back to the rest of the world. Innovation abounds. Its not just innovation for the Chinese market -- the speed in which they fast follow anybody elses innovation is also spectacular. And so local competition abounds. Western competition, innovating for China also abounds and I think companies like PepsiCo, while our brands are highly respected for their quality, for their safety, for the fact that they provide a great eating experience, eating and drinking experience, our brands will always do well but I think we also have to adapt our model for the local Chinese market.  So China for us represents the biggest opportunity, the biggest learning country, and a [inaudible] that they can write an incredible story on. 
Caroline Leeney - Calyon CLFA: Thank you. What about volume and pricing, Indra? Hows it been looking there?
Indra K. Nooyi: In which business?
Caroline Leeney - Calyon CLFA: May I go for both?
Indra K. Nooyi: Well you know, it depends. Across the board on beverages, the CSD market is really western competition so theres different kinds of pricing dynamics there than there is in snacks. In potato chips, you have less local competition so we were able to get good pricing but in the area of non-carbonated beverages where you have a lot of local competition, we have to make sure that we remain very competitive with the local players. 
Caroline Leeney - Calyon CLFA: Thanks, thats great. 
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Indra Nooyi, Chairman and CEO, for closing remarks. 
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Operator. Let me close by saying that I am exceedingly proud of our teams around the world for delivering consistently strong results so far this year. I am even more enthusiastic about the tremendous opportunities we have to grow over the long-term.  Our bottler integration is just one step on our journey to extend our leadership in the North American beverage business and we are positioning ourselves to deliver on the potential of our merger.  At the same time, we remain focused on driving long-term sustainable growth by investing in key markets around the world in brand building and in R&D to drive innovation. These investments, together with our ongoing focus on cost discipline, operational excellence and productivity, make all of us very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow and prosper.  Thank you very much for your time. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Indra Nooyi  CEO Richard Goodman  CFO Michael White  CEO PepsiCo International John Compton  CEO PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo dAmore  CEO PepsiCo Americas Beverages Lynn Tyson  SVP IR 
Analysts:  John Faucher - JPMorgan Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus  Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank  Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research  Lauren Torres - HSBC Alex Patterson  RCM  Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott  Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCos conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Lynn Tyson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Lynn Tyson: With me today are Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi and CFO Richard Goodman. Indra will lead off with a high level overview of our results, and the Richard will review our quarterly results. We will then move to Q&A where well be joined by Michael White, Vice Chairman of PepsiCo and CEO PepsiCo International; John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods; and Massimo dAmore, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Beverages.  After Q&A we will end with some closing comments from Indra. I encourage you to review our earnings web deck which augments our comments today and is posted on our website at www.pepsico.com/investors. Our IR activities in Q3 include presenting at the Barclays conference in Boston on September 10. During todays call unless otherwise noted all references to EPS growth, net revenue growth, and division operating profit growth are on a core constant currency basis. I encourage you to read our Q2 earnings release for more details.  Before we begin please take note of our cautionary statement to this conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. And finally you should refer to the Investor section of PepsiCos website under financial news to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCos financial results.  And with that Ill turn the call over to Indra. 
Indra Nooyi : Thank you Lynn and before I get started on my comments, I just want to say a big thank you to Michael Nathenson our outgoing head of Investor Relations for doing such a great job over the past few years, Michael, and Lynn I want to say a big welcome to you.  Im very pleased to have the opportunity this morning to review with you both our very solid operating performance during the first half of this year as well as the progress that we continue to make against our long-term strategic priorities.  At a high level, revenue grew 6% in both Q1 and Q2. Division operating profit grew 6% in Q1 and 7% in Q2. EPS grew 8% in both Q1 and Q2 and management operating cash flow excluding restructuring and the Q1 pension contribution was up 25% year to date.  I think this was particularly impressive given the global macroeconomic situation with significant declines in GDP across virtually the entire developed world and slowdowns and in some cases declines in the developing world as well.  We were able to achieve these results for two main reasons, first, our teams across the world have been very agile in handling the day to day decisions required to optimize top and bottom line performance.  And second we are benefiting from the aggressive actions we took last year to take costs out before the economic downturn. For example the cost savings from our productivity for growth initiatives are critical to sustaining growth in the years to come. Areas of investment require a global SAP initiative, significantly enhanced R&D capabilities, increased infrastructure in key developing markets such as China, India, Russia, and Brazil, and focused M&A. Our goal is to capitalize on this difficult period to competitively better position ourselves across both geographies and categories and also use this opportunity to make multi generational investments that will drive growth well into the future.  There are a few accomplishments in the quarter we feel particularly good about. Gross margin and operating margin increased in both Q1 and Q2. We delivered strong growth in our international markets and in our domestic four businesses which together accounted for approximately 80% of our revenue and operating profit.  We generated top line growth across the globe posting local currency revenue increases in countries that represent about 95% of our revenue base. Naturally sweetened, zero calorie beverages featuring stevia-based PureVia, are beginning to show promise.  Significant advances in our [environmental] agenda were highlighted in June by the opening of our first overseas green plant in China. We continue to build a company through M&A and tuck in deals. We recently executed a strategic alliance with Calbee, the largest snack food company in Japan giving us access to great innovative technology.  In addition our Almarai dairy joint venture acquired 75% of a leading fresh dairy producer in Jordan. Now Richard will walk you through the Q2 performance of each of our businesses, but before I turn it over to him, I want to take a few minutes and share with you what we are seeing around the world and the implications for our business.  Let me start with the positive news, east of the Middle East, most economies are growing at GDP rate four to nine points higher than the United States. The consumer in these markets after a period of uncertainty in the first quarter of 2009 is regaining confidence.  In China where I recently spent two weeks, the economic stimulus initiatives introduced by the Chinese government appear to be working. GDP growth rates have improved and local consumption is good.  Similarly India also seems to be on track, although growing at a rate a bit lower than the 8% to 9% GDP growth rate they were at before the economic crisis hit. Here again, in country consumption is buoyant. Latin American economies, ex Mexico, are surprisingly resilient with GDP growth rates flat to down only slightly and consumers are continuing to cautiously consume.  And as all of you well know, the developed economies of western Europe and the United States and the economies of eastern Europe and Russia are recording negative GDP growth rates ranging from down 5% in the UK to down 9% in Russia.  Interestingly while we have not seen growth in the underlying economic indicators like employment or capital goods purchases, we are beginning to see the cautious consumer slowly beginning to spend and in some countries, manufacturing output seems to be slowly stabilizing and consumer and business confidence slowly improving.  We hope these signals bring shoots of recovery. Its obviously very difficult to predict how the global macroeconomic picture will evolve over the next 12 months. However I want to assure you that to the extent that there is an early and sustainable up tick, we will be taking full advantage of the opportunities. Whether the recover is delayed or the rebound is shallow we are prepared just as well, just as we have been this past year.  We will continue to be very consciously manage our value equation and our product innovation on a country by country basis focusing in every market on responding appropriately to the particular dynamics at play.  Our highest priority has been to protect the equity of our powerful brands. Rather than driving for growth through broad based, deep discounting, we have focused on providing value in a differentiated way through relevant innovation, price [pack] architecture initiatives, creative local promotions and bundling across snacks and beverages.  And consumers have responded. They are being understandably cautious amidst these economic pressures and the uncertain outlook seeking value both to stretch their budgets and also as a way of finding opportunities to still enjoy some simple pleasures.  Among those simple pleasures are the convenient, satisfying and affordable products in our portfolio. I know I have said it before but its good to be in the snack and beverage business in these times. And more to the point, its good to be at PepsiCo in times like these.  The geographic diversity and breadth of our snack and beverage portfolio combined with the strength and agility of our go to market systems, means that we can take advantage of favorable opportunities in snacks in some countries, and in beverages in others.  It also means that we have the flexibility to take a longer view when handling competitive or channel issues, making the right decisions for the long-term health of a given business while still delivering solid consistent results for all of PepsiCo.  Before I turn it over to Richard, I want to remind everyone that we will not be discussing any aspect of our proposed acquisition of our anchor bottlers, PBG and PA today. However I do want to note that we and our bottling systems are continuing to interact normally with respect both to our ongoing operations as well as to our 2010 planning.  This is an intensely competitive beverage environment and you can rest assured that the entire PepsiCo system remains maniacally focused on optimizing our collective performance.  With that, let me turn it over to Richard. 
Richard Goodman : Thanks Indra, Id like to frame the discussion of our Q2 results by reminding you that this year we have focused on four primary areas. First investing to deliver value to our consumers. Second concentrating on the drivers we can control in our business against the backdrop of global economic uncertainty. Third, operating with strict financial discipline including working capital management, and fourth, driver long-term sustainable growth by investing in key markets and brand building and in innovation.  Im pleased to report that this approach together with our diversified global portfolio and advantage business model enabled us to drive solid performance in the second quarter. EPS grew 8%, revenue grew 5.5%, and the businesses continued to generate strong cash flow from operations.  Both overall gross margin and division operating margin increased in the quarter as they had in Q1. Our teams around the world did an outstanding job of executing against their growth plans. Strong performance in our international businesses and in domestic snacks offset moderating declines in our North American beverage business.  Across the board we successfully managed the middle of the P&L and we were disciplined in our use of working capital. So let me turn to our operating divisions, PepsiCo Americas foods continued to deliver strong results. Fritto-Lay North America performed very well growing dollar and volume share while effectively managing price gaps to competition.  Frittos strong brands and consumer preferred innovation supported 3% volume growth. The team executed strong net revenue management initiatives to drive 8% net revenue growth and their disciplined cost management approach and relentless focus on productivity resulted in an 8% increase to core operating profit despite input cost inflation.  Lays did particularly well driven by strong in store execution and the Lays local campaign which highlights the local cultivation of the potatoes that go into our Lays potato chips. Dips and multipacks also drove growth and line extensions such as Doritos Late Night and Giant Cheetos performed well.  On the innovation front Fritto-Lay rolled out new shelf presentations at over 8,000 stores putting us more than half way through a major initiative designed both to attract consumers to the salty aisle and also to simply their shopping experience once there.  The new shelf sets feature our dip products and give prominence to our health and wellness offerings. In the third quarter FLNA is maintaining its focus on delivering value to consumers in targeted ways across both small and large format stores. To give you a couple of examples, in small format, FLNA will expand its $0.99 offerings across core brands as well as in its recently launched Hispanic flavor variations.  In large format it will continue to offer its 20% more free in take-home size corn products. Q3 will also see the rollout of a new variation of Doritos Late Night as well as in Doritos flavor shots which allow consumers to add just the right amount of extra flavoring to personalize their snacking experience.  Latin American foods also had a very good quarter in a challenging environment. The teams executed price pack architecture and effective net pricing initiatives to drive strong revenue growth while exercising disciplined financial management to deliver excellent core operating profit performance.  In Mexico we saw the usual portfolio effect during difficult economic times. Volume was down at Sabritas in part driven by pricing to offset input costs, but volume grew at Gamesa which benefited from innovation and its better for you line of Quaker snacks and also the fact that its offerings generally deliver greater value per peso.  Importantly both businesses drove increases in net revenue in core operating profit and they definitely managed through the adverse impact of the H1N1 virus outbreak. South America experienced strong performance with mid single-digit volume growth. Our business in Brazil performed particularly well supported by the launch of a line of Quaker healthy snacks and innovation aimed at [millennials] in our core Doritos brands.  The Southern Cone also delivered solid performance as consumers responded well to locally relevant product introductions such as new variants of our Twistos product which is a baked bread snack that the boomer cohort enjoys during incremental afternoon snacking occasions.  In PepsiCo Americas beverages, the LRB category challenges continue to impact our results although we did see some positive signs. In CSDs brand Mountain Dew posted another quarter of positive volume growth based on success with Mountain Dew Game Fuel and Voltage.  Brand Pepsis Refresh Everything campaign continued to gain traction and we were successful with limited edition throwback versions of both Pepsi and Mountain Dew featuring retro graphics and sweetened with all natural sugar. In measured channels we gained overall CSC volume share versus our largest competitor and in diets we not only gained volume share in the total category, we also gained diet cola share versus our largest competitor. Were also excited about the success of our new naturally sweetened zero calorie products featuring stevia-based PureVia. Trop50 has been resonating with consumers since its launch earlier this year and SoBe LifeWater recorded very impressive growth rates in the quarter led by the new zero calorie product line.  Strong consumer repeat rates bode well for future stevia-based zero calorie and low calorie innovations in our pipeline. Turning to Gatorade, we know we have work to do here. Although G2 continues to post double-digit volume growth the overall franchise experienced declines with most of the losses coming from casual users who are turning to less expensive LRBs in this challenging economy.  Our conscious strategy is to maintain the integrity of this terrific brand, not by following a private label like pricing strategy but by sharpening our focus on core fitness users for whom the functionality of the product remains paramount.  The new campaign which connects Gatorade to the competitive spirit across a wide range of athletic endeavors has been very well received. To drive the top line during this summers consumption peak we just launched a unique 6-bottle collection of Michael Jordon signed labels to celebrate his September induction to the Basketball Hall of Fame.  This limited time offer has already generated an unprecedented digit buzz among MJs fans and will be leveraged with 360 degree communication anchored around a distinctive TV ad hitting the airwaves soon. This offer is driving incremental inventory across most retail channels.  Overall the fact that Gatorade brand [inaudible] scores within the core fitness cohort group are high and improving, gives us confidence that our broader strategy is gaining traction. There are clearly opportunities for growth going forward since Gatorade still accounts for fewer than one in seven core user occasions and we will be looking to increase both penetration and frequency with product innovations to be launched in 2010. Net, net there are some green shoots in the North American LRB category but is clearly still being impacted by the overall macro softness. In that challenging context we will continue to work closely with our bottling system focusing on relevant innovation, enhanced execution, and heightened productivity as the way to deliver sustainable long-term growth.  Moving on to PepsiCo International, we again saw solid performance despite the macro headwinds in many parts of the world. PI delivered double-digit revenue and operating profit growth across both Europe and AMEA. The teams did an excellent job of managing the P&L while leveraging the power of our broad snacks and beverage portfolios and go to market systems.  Declines in GDP across both western Europe and eastern Europe continue to impact our businesses. But the strength of our brands allowed us to price to cover transaction Forex and commodity inflation. And so even in this difficult environment and even excluding acquisitions we were able to generate about a 9% increase in core operating profit while holding or gaining share in most of our markets.  And including acquisitions we generated a 15% increase in core operating profit on a 10% increase in net revenue. Snack highlights include Walkers in the UK where the Walkers team drove strong net revenue management. Its feet on the street initiative resulted in impulse channel and single serve growth.  And it continued to execute creative promotional campaigns which in Q2 included launching the winning product of its high consumer engagement, Do Us A Flavor promotion. In Russia where consumer spending was severely impacted by GDP declines, the business held snacks volume flat while growing market share six points supported by the strength of our core brands as well as recently introduced locally relevant innovation such as Red Caviar flavored Lays.  In Europe beverages volume grew 2% reflecting the favorable impact of the acquisition of Lebedyansky. While we saw macro driven declines in eastern Europe our CSD business in the UK and our juice business in France delivered solid performance. We expect European macros to continue to be challenging. However our teams are prepared and we saw some positive trends in both snacks and beverages in June which falls in our third quarter. In AMEA the economic environment was not as difficult as in Europe and our performance reflected that.  We had strong net revenue in core operating [break in audio] growth together with operating margin expansion. In AMEA beverages volume grew 8% and was broad based across geographies and categories led by our businesses in India, and the Middle East.  In India we invested to expand cooler space and drive relevant innovation. This investment helped us fuel 28% volume growth across both CSDs and NCBs in our reported Q2 which is March through May. In June volumes were up over 60% which resulted in higher growth versus our major competitor in their Q2.  Nimbooz, our version of the traditional sweet lemonade served in most Indian households is a good example of how were introducing convenient and affordable locally relevant innovation to market. In China we expanded our beverage portfolio launching Pepsi Max and Mountain Dew and we expanded distribution of our Tropicana juice drinks.  In AMEA snacks volume grew 3% led by the Middle East and supported broadly by growth in both developed and emerging markets such as Australia, Indonesia, and India. We have an exciting innovation lineup in place across both beverages and snacks for AMEA in the third quarter.  To give a few examples from our key markets, in China we launched the Tropicana Fruit Drink featuring pulp sacks as well as a beverage based on traditional Chinese medicines. In India we have introduced Aliva, a baked savory wheat cracker that will be a platform to capture incremental snacking occasions in this key market.  We also continue to make investments to scale up distribution and infrastructure in India, China, and Russia, and other emerging markets while maintaining a laser focus on operating costs in all of our markets ensuring that we can provide the value our consumers are looking for.  Now let me turn to some below the line items and guidance, our EPS of $1.02 included a tax rate of 24.9% primarily reflecting the favorable resolution of a certain foreign tax matter. For the full year expect our tax rate to be about the same as last years core rate of 27%.  Offsetting that benefit was the absence of PBG and PAS share sales which represented a gain of $54 million last year. Interest expense was also higher as a result of increased borrowings associated with last years acquisitions. The company continued to generate strong management operating cash flow in the quarter, about $1.7 billion year to date excluding certain pension and restructuring payments which represented 25% increase over last year.  We are on target to hit our full year cash flow guidance. Relative to earnings guidance for the full year we continue to expect to deliver mid to high single-digit constant currency core EPS growth off of 2008 core EPS of $3.68. Based on current spot rates, foreign exchange translation would represent about a 6% headwind to our full year EPS, slightly more favorable than we were forecasting earlier this year.  As you think about where we may fall within guidance range, you should consider among other things not only Forex rates but also the adverse impact on EPS of our not having repurchased any shares this year and the fact that we do not anticipate resuming repurchases until there is a resolution of the proposed transactions with the Pepsi Bottling Group and Pepsi Americas.  Note as well that our tax rate in the first half of the year is a couple of percentage points below the expected 27% average rate for the full year and so that benefit is expected to reverse in the second half.  The impact of these items will create de-leverage between operating profit and EPS in Q3. We do expect however that we will continue to perform well in a challenging macro environment and we will continue to invest behind our brands and our businesses in order to sustain the long-term health and competitiveness of our operations around the world.  With that I will turn the call over for your questions, and after that we will close with a few wrap up comments from Indra. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Faucher - JPMorgan
John Faucher - JPMorgan: In terms of looking at the commentary on the LRB category and Gatorade specifically it seems as though sort of hope for a rebound in the back half is being pushed back more towards 2010 and can you talk about whether in fact that is the case and how much of that is going to be related to lets say new products that are coming through or is it just simply from an economic standpoint thats how long you think the consumer is going to continue to be trading down. 
Indra Nooyi : Its anybodys guess exactly how this market is going to shape up because in a large part its a function of how the GDP rolls but our best guess is that in 2010 the category will likely moderate and come back to a growth rate of around 0.5% to 1%. Were not looking for a return to the old growth rate in the category as we said before, if the GDP improves in 2010, this category should come back to growth rate of about 0.5% to 1%. Thats the expectation today.  From our own perspective weve always said that this is a sequential improvement in performance as we get Gatorade down to its core athletic user and right now all our actions are on track and the improvements were seeing in the core metrics of the business are all as we planned. So we feel good about the trajectory of our businesses. 
John Faucher - JPMorgan: And to sort of continue with that, it doesnt sound like we should expect things to get materially better in the back half of the year on Gatorade then. 
Indra Nooyi : I dont know about materially better but I think sequentially things are looking better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus : On Pepsi Americas beverages the volume down 6 and profit down 5 isnt the normal kind of relationship on the profit line, can you talk a little bit about why profits werent down more and what kind of relationship you expect over the next six to 12 months for that business. 
Indra Nooyi : We did to the productivity for growth initiative last year in October and weve done a very good job managing the costs in the business and middle of the P&L management has gotten a lot better and more importantly the SAP tools are now coming into play in our businesses which we have a lot of control over for the operating businesses to Chicago.  So with the SAP tools being increasingly deployed and with the fact that theyre managing the middle of the P&L better the relationship between the top line and the bottom line is getting better. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus : And from an outlook perspective Indra.
Indra Nooyi : Look I tell you, we are looking at the overall portfolio and at this point Id focus on the overall PepsiCo portfolio and the individual pieces, it depends on the mix of products that we have selling through the beverage portfolio and thats going to largely determine what the relationship is going to be between the top line and the bottom line.  So given the many, many products in that portfolio I dont want to single out just Gatorade to talk about it, but roughly speaking I think the early indications we are seeing between the top line and the bottom line, our growth trends, are reflecting our careful management of the middle of the P&L. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Youve talked about maintaining pricing at Gatorade to sustain the brand equity but its been a little bit of time now volumes have continued to be weak, at what point do you feel that there might be a need to either change the marketing message or even to drop the price closer to your largest competitor. 
Indra Nooyi : Let me go back and reiterate what we said on Gatorade and I hope after that we can talk about our wonderful food business or our international business but lets talk about Gatorade for a second, the best way to put this is to say that until about 2007 when the Gatorade business was drawing very, very high clips, one of the things that the Gatorade franchise did was attract into the franchise tremendous number of casual drinkers.  And temperatures in the country were extremely warm and well above normal levels. So when the Gatorade franchise was drawing 12, 15, 18%, the franchise was built somewhat on the core athletic user who remained loyal to the Gatorade franchise but also brought into the franchise many, many casual drinkers.  Over the last couple of three years, two things have happened. One, theres many more alternatives for the casual drinker. Two, average temperatures have been somewhat lower than the were in the four years preceding and third were in a major economic meltdown which is causing those consumers to trade down to other alternatives.  So our strategy in Gatorade as weve mentioned in our Q1 call and in our investor meetings is twofold. One, go back and focus on the core athletic user who remains extremely loyal to Gatorade. In fact if you look at the occasions that we lost on Gatorade, that core athletic user has stayed loyal to Gatorade and the cutback in frequency of consumption is extremely small from the core athletic user.  And the core athletic users even more loyal to Gatorade now, that campaign is resonating with the athletic user and some of the comments were getting back on our recent package changes and campaign is that after seeing what we have done to the product, packaging and the campaign, they feel like they want to exercise more and want to play sports even more.  So that core athletic user is looking good and our future strategy is to provide even more efficacious products to that core athletic user. Then the question is what do we do with the casual user who came into the Gatorade franchise. Clearly some of those users have already switched to cheaper alternatives like bottled water, tap water, and in some cases even CSDs.  Because they didnt really have a right to exist in the Gatorade world but they sort of consumed the product because its a great tasting product. Some of them have gone to G2. Weve picked up some in the rest of our portfolio and some of them have gone to tap water in this downturn. To those casual users, we are going to be offering other products as part of our innovation going into next year.  But we are doing and what we have to be very, very careful is that we dont start cheapening the Gatorade franchise and going down to private label type pricing which some other people have chosen to do because then what were really saying is Gatorade is not an efficacious drink; its just another drink, which is not the case.  It is an isotonic sports drink formulated for the athlete. So we are [jealously] guarding the equity of Gatorade and our plan is to build on it. So in the short-term, yes the Gatorade franchise will shrink but in the long-term its the right thing to do and Ill come back and say one thing to you, if you were to plot a line from about 2001 to 2009, year to date, the growth of the Gatorade franchise over that period, the volume growth, is somewhere in the 7% to 9% which is really the right trajectory for that Gatorade franchise.  Its just that were now seeing a bit of the price for the heady growth of three or four years and we have to give back some of those casual users and in fact, we have to guide them into other products. So the PepsiCo portfolio gives us the ability to be able to do what we need to do to Gatorade and still deliver the overall numbers.  So Id like to focus on the fact that the portfolio works, the fact that we have to reposition the Gatorade franchise back to the core athlete is the right strategy. All that I would ask you is patience. Lets not try to do something in the short-term that will impact this absolutely terrific franchise in the long-term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank 
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank : My question relates to potential for increased profit leverage at Fritto in the second half and into next year based on what youre seeing now, what kind of gross margin improvement do you think you might see from lower commodities, what about the level of marketing spend versus the first half, might that moderate in the second half. I guess with an 8% top line Im a bit surprised that the operating profit wasnt in double-digits. 
John Compton : I think again the Fritto-Lay business in the quarter performed really on the volume side ahead of our expectations. If you go back to the Q1 call and the Q4 call, volume in Fritto-Lay was flat or slightly down during those two quarters on around 8% to 9% pricing. We still had five points of price mix in the quarter and we basically have said all along that were going to price to cover our cost.  So it is true that in the back half of the year there will be less inflation but there will still be inflation in the business so we will still have a positive price mix in the back half largely to cover our cost. Any upside that we have in productivity were basically spending back to extend the DSD advantage that we have and the go to market systems, and to invest back into A&M.  The algorithm of 3-8-8 is at the top end of where Fritto-Lay has performed over the last three or four years. 
Indra Nooyi : The other thing too you should be very, very careful and I again, I cannot reiterate enough we are in an economic downturn and the consumer is a value consumer and the one thing that Fritto does very, very well is alter its mix of products so that it can still keep the [pounds] going out the door and deliver the top line.  And so as the mix changes to accommodate the value consumer, the profitability of the business doesnt result in as much leverage as you would like to see given the top line and revenue growth. And so I think what we are trying to do is manage this business so we dont do anything in the short-term to jeopardize our ability to gain share for the long-term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research 
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research : I know you said you werent going to talk on the deal, I just had a question where you were quoted recently as saying the bottler deal wasnt a must have and assuming it doesnt ultimately happen is there a plan B in terms of system transformation that was worked on prior to the deal, cost saves, route to market changes, Gatorade through the bottlers in small format in kind of a plan B scenario. 
Indra Nooyi : As I said up front were not going to talk about the transaction at all. Right now PepsiCo and the bottling system are working very well and managing this business and planning for 2010 and beyond. And where we have talked about opportunities where we can cooperate, all of those are on track. Nothing has changed because of these discussions. These discussions remain between an independent committee and PepsiCo.  So right now I dont want to discuss anything beyond what weve already said on these transactions. 
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research : On hydration, some of the products that you have out there like SoBe LifeWater, Propel, G2, how will you ensure that the new products coming in 2010 that go after the casual user grow the whole hydration portfolio and dont overly cannibalize those brands. 
Indra Nooyi : I dont know about overly cannibalize, but there will be some cannibalization. Its very, very hard in this very crowded beverage space to launch products that are strictly incremental. There will be some cannibalization but the way we have to go about it and the way we have been going about it is to make sure that the proposition of each product is clear and the cohort group for which its targeted and the way we talk to them, delivers incrementality and thats our focus. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Torres - HSBC
Lauren Torres - HSBC: My question relates more to just the macro environment and as you spoke about the cautious consumer spending again I was curious to get your comments maybe from a regional perspective about where youre seeing this health return and maybe also on the flipside some of the markets that arent recovering that you think will take time to develop and catch up, where do you think youre kind of flow or the markets flow to catch up if there is a recovery going on at this point. 
Indra Nooyi : If I could forecast GDP growth rates Id feel great, but let me tell you where we see some room for optimism. As I said east of the Middle East most markets are doing okay. Most of the developing and emerging markets are doing fine and I dont want to talk about those because I think the targeted stimulus in China seems to be working and India was never a hugely export led country.  The local market consumption is carrying the country through so Im relatively comfortable about those two major countries and the countries in the rim. The real question is western Europe, developed western Europe, eastern Europe, Russia, and North America. And its anybodys guess whats going to happen but one indicator has been sort of the OECD composite leading indicator, the CLI Index.  And if you look at the OECD CLI Index which over many, many years has been a decent predictor of economies coming out of recession with all its limitations there are some green shoots in the CLI. Some of the indicators on confidence, manufacturing, orders, seems to be ticking up just a little bit.  And so if you look at those indicators, it suggests that some time in early 2010 you could potentially start seeing recovery led by the Euro zone and the UK and followed by the United States. So the hope is that, were all looking for green shoots and if you look at that indicator ticking up along with the fact that some of our businesses in June are looking slightly better you link the two and you say, perhaps this calls for optimism.  And on top of that the cautious consumer is beginning to spend a little bit in these markets. Now is this a [see] change, not really. But we are beginning to see some pick up in the businesses. So I think at this point were looking at every indicator and as we told you in our last call, every month we get a country report from 20 countries around the world. Its not a report on our businesses as much as it is a report from people on the ground from our businesses who tell us about whats happening with retail sales, whats happening with foot traffic in the stores, and what our consumption pattern is looking like.  And even though those reports are very realistic and talk about whats really happening and its not super pleasant, were beginning to see some indications of stabilization in those reports and thats why were beginning to feel a bit more cautiously optimistic going forward into 2010.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: And when you mentioned that better performance came through in June, which markets in particular were you referring to. 
Indra Nooyi : Western Europe is really where were beginning to see some pick up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Patterson  RCM 
Alex Patterson  RCM : Just was curious did you delineate the volume trends within the Gatorade franchise. 
Indra Nooyi : Between?
Alex Patterson  RCM : In Gatorade, just the overall franchise. 
Indra Nooyi : Yes we mentioned that G2 is up very, very nicely. In fact its up double-digits and core Gatorade thirst quencher is where we are working to reposition it back to the core athlete. Interestingly, if you look at the core Gatorade franchise even holding G2 aside which is the reduced calorie Gatorade, the core Gatorade franchise, the core athlete is still very loyal to the core Gatorade franchise. So thats not where we are losing business at all.  Its the casual drinker and really the casual drinker, I think the number showed that 56% of the usage occasions is going to tap water and bottled water. I think 26% is going to CSDs and other inexpensive beverages. A very, very small percentage, 2% is going to other isotonics. So were not losing to other isotonics that are cheaper. People, the casual drinker is saying, I want to switch out to tap water because I just dont have the money now. 
Alex Patterson  RCM : So how would you describe then your volume share within the isotonic category. 
Richard Goodman : In some ways its not the isotonic category, its really, its not, its just two players and at the end of the day given the dynamics that Indra talked about its sort of less and less relevant in some way because so much of the usage is actually not for core sports occasions and is actually being used in whole bunches of other things that are now in enhanced water and in other areas. 
Indra Nooyi : You know our database and the way we track it is the core athlete and their consumption versus all of the consumption. And if you look at our database and you look at the core athletes consumption, we are holding if not gaining share with the core athlete and right now thats all were focused on because thats the right metric for Gatorade. 
Alex Patterson  RCM : So I presume at a certain point as those casual users diminish and impact the core user holds steady and the sequential trends in Gatorade improve, I think you alluded to that. 
Indra Nooyi : Absolutely and well come back and talk to you more about that as we talk about 2010 innovation because thats something we track maniacally and the idea is not to lose the casual user, the idea is to transition those casual users to other beverages within the PepsiCo portfolio and thats what were working on right now. 
Alex Patterson  RCM : On the productivity for growth I believe it was targeted to generate the bulk of its savings towards the end of this year, around $400 million and that will be the run rates thats holding as opposed to some notion still out there about $1.2 billion total, but the $400 million is the run rate. I just wanted you to confirm that and can you give me a sense has the spreading out of that across the divisions changed or is it pretty much fairly evenly spread. 
Richard Goodman : The productivity for growth initiative was very much on target. We executed it and its now completed through the second quarter of this year and the run rate, yes, theres a little bit over $400 million. Thats correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott 
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott : I wanted to dig in a little bit or maybe even John about the roll of convenient store weakness in the second half of last year. Weve talked plenty about the Gatorade franchise but if you could touch on the role that the incredible deceleration convenience stores played in some of the troubles in that franchise second half and the headwind it was for the snacks franchise and maybe talk about are convenience store trends still weak, do we see green shoots there, Im talking here in North America, any color you could give us about that would be great and what it means for the second half of the year. 
Indra Nooyi : One more point on the Gatorade franchise as it relates to C stores, there was a, I was meeting with some C stores CEOs and there was an interesting observation that they made and they said one of the things that used to happen is the construction worker used to pull up with the pickup truck at 6 or 6:30 in the morning, but six or seven bottles of 32 oz. Gatorade, a few bags of Doritos, throw it in the truck and pull off to the construction site.  With housing starts being down as much as they are that construction worker is not coming through the C stores to pick up that Gatorade and so theres no question that we have lost that active first occasion related to the construction worker who was toiling in the hot sun. So that occasion has gone away because housing starts are down, the economy is down.  But let me turn to John to talk to you about overall C store trends and what hes seeing in the market overall in the United States.
John Compton : I just want to intercept, the combination of higher unemployment, double-digit unemployment with the lower housing starts is certainly impacted the C store channel and weve seen that on the snack business here in the last three or four months particularly.  If you look more broadly though across the what we call the up and down the street channel, where consumers have a choice to go to convenience stores or to dollar stores or to drug stores, our total up and down the street business really hasnt changed very much as the dollar segment has picked up quite significantly.  So consumers are shifting, thats the benefit of DSD and that were able to shift our portfolio pretty quickly to capture that opportunity so in total our [UDS] business really hasnt changed but it has changed within channels. 
Jonathan Feeney  Janney Montgomery Scott : Could you just maybe talk, follow-up a little bit about any recent changes in the way consumers have been behaving. I just mean even in the past couple of months as were lapping the sort of peak of gas prices here, you would think maybe thered be a little bit of positive trend. Is there anything positive to report or negative.
John Compton : I think just the trend toward value everywhere we go we see that and the 20% more Fritto line that we put in our corn-based product largely in our take-home sizes, were now complimenting that with the returned focus on the $0.99 line that we have to offer in the up and down the street segment.  If youve watched our business over the last three or four years, youve seen us trade that $0.99 line up and we introduced a new size, a $1.29 size. Were now sort of pushing that back a little bit and were bringing out new products, new flavors of Doritos and Lays and Cheetos and others in the $0.99 size to get value back into the channel.
Indra Nooyi : Theres no question that chips are still down in C stores and havent really recovered. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company
Damian Witkowski - Gabelli & Company: My question is on PepsiCo International just want to get a sense for what explains the difference if I look at volume growth for snacks versus beverages and I know theres some acquisition noise in those numbers, but even if you exclude those, looks like snacks are growing a lot slower than beverages and Im just curious as to is there anything in terms of competition or a level of market maturity that explains those numbers and just secondly, if there are any updates on private label on the snack side here in the US as well as internationally in terms of whats happening there. 
Michael White : I think its hard to generalize, it is a bit of a mixed bag so on the snack side, if you take our developed markets like the UK, our UK business is performing brilliantly and in fact were probably having one or our best years ever and excluding wait-outs were probably running flat up 1% something like that in terms of our volume. So wait-outs is certainly one factor that has impacted the business. You get at a different kind of mixes so in emerging markets the snacks business has been impacted significantly as consumers kind of pull back in terms of our volume, maybe even a little bit more than beverages in some cases which is different than the dynamic Ive seen in the US or I would have seen in the UK.  So there has been a bit of a different dynamic there albeit we gained share. And we gained share in Russia on flat volume growth, I think we gained six points of share on our snacks business in Russia. There has been some private label activity in Spain and Holland. Were addressing that with value offerings there. Thats put a little bit of pressure there and again Spain has been disproportionately impacted in terms of the macro.  Think of it as the Florida of Europe I guess in a sense, it really has been hard hit. And we have a particularly large business there. But net, net in terms of our snacks business, overall I think its very healthy. Im very, very pleased with the progress, the innovation looks good.  The beverage business has also been impacted by the downturn in certain markets but you got a lot of noise in the numbers but again overall were performing in line or better than we expected. As Indra said our AMEA business, has been fine and kind of really some terrific performance in the Middle East and in India, whereas in Europe I think our team was rightly so focused on ensuring that we cut cost, that we were street smart about pricing and that we managed the margins.  I have to tell you, you look at the Q2 numbers in Europe and the fact that our gross margins were up and our net margins, that is exactly the agility that Indra referred to earlier in our teams and the good news is I think now we know weve got to put a little more value in the marketplace and so I expect to see an improving volume trend in Europe in the second half as well. 
John Compton : In the category to date the share gainers have been Fritto-Lay and private label and as the price gap has narrowed during the last two or three months, youre seeing Fritto-Lay continue to sort of widen that share lead. Consistent with what Michael said around the world, if I go to Mexico were gaining market share, we gained market share in Brazil, we gained five share points in Venezuela, we gained market share in Argentina, Chili, so we are very maniacally focused on watching the value gap and ensuring that we continue to grow the value share of our businesses. 
Indra Nooyi : So with that thank you all for joining us. I want to say again that I am extremely proud of how our teams navigated the macro challenge this quarter. The solid top and bottom line growth and the increase in management cash flow year to date excluding items are evidence that our teams stayed focused on their long-term growth plans while nimbly adjusting to the realities of the market.  And we are focused on investing to drive long-term sustainable growth even in this challenging macro environment. We are revitalizing our North American beverage business. We are broadening our product portfolio into adjacent categories. We are expanding in emerging markets and were committed to increasing investments in R&D to drive innovation and enhance our brands.  Net, net we feel good about PepsiCo. Thank you for your time today.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Nathenson  VP IR Indra Nooyi - CEO Richard Goodman - CFO Mike White - CEO, PepsiCo International John Compton - CEO, PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo D'Amore - CEO, PepsiCo Americas Beverages
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Christine Farkas - BAS-ML Lauren Torres - HSBC
Mike Nathenson:  Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our PepsiCo.com website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please see our filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K, including the 8-K that we filed today, for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance. You should refer to the Investors section of PepsiCo's website at www.PepsiCo.com under the heading Financial News to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts.  Now for a couple of housekeeping items. During today's call all references to Q1 EPS growth, revenue growth and division operating profit growth are on a constant currency core basis and exclude net marked-to-market gains or losses on commodity positions included in corporate unallocated expenses, restructuring and impairment charges, including the impact of our Productivity for Growth program, and in 2008 our share of Pepsi Bottling Group's restructuring and impairment charges and the impact of certain tax benefits. With that I'll turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi:  Thank you, Mike. I know that all of you have had a chance to read the two press releases issued this morning, the first announcing our offer to acquire the shares we don't currently hold of our two largest anchor bottlers, and second, our first quarter earnings report.  Let me start by explaining our proposal this morning to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock in both the Pepsi Bottling Group, PBG, and PepsiAmericas, PAS, at a value of $29.50 per share for PBG and $23.27 per share for PAS.  Here at PepsiCo we have a track record of making proactive moves to better position ourselves for the future, and as a leader in the LRB category it has become very clear to us that we need to reshape our North American business in a fundamentally different way.  The formation of our anchor bottlers a decade ago was the right decision at a time when the category had strong growth, CSDs dominated the market, the overall profit pool was expanding steadily, and there were really only two major players. In the more mature market of today there is a need to be more nimble given the increasing role of non-carbs, retailer consolidation, and the changing competitive landscape. In addition, we acquired Tropicana and Gatorade, which enormously expanded our non-carb footprint, but also brought hot fill manufacturing and both warehouse and chilled go-to-market platforms. In short, almost every aspect of the business has changed. In this environment it's clear that reshaping the business requires a fundamental change in the North American business model and we can take PepsiCo's liquid refreshment beverage business to a whole new level by reconsolidating our two anchor bottlers with PepsiCo's combined LRB operating and franchise company. This would result in a fully integrated CSD/NCB supply chain and go-to-market business model. In short, we'd be creating another Frito-Lay type operating company within PepsiCo.  This agile North American beverage system will generate significant cost savings as well as incremental top line growth over the long term, it will improve our cost structure, and allow us to more effectively meet the needs of both our customers and consumers.  We expect that this transaction will have many benefits. First and foremost, it expands the overall system profit pool by eliminating redundant costs across the value chain in headquarters, back office, operations, supply chain and sales. We believe we can unlock more than $200 million of pre-tax synergies on an annual basis, most of them related to overlapping costs and scale efficiencies. Next, this integrated entity, which would now include 80% of our total beverage volume in North America, would improve speed of decision-making across the company and eliminate friction points resulting from competing manufacturing and distribution systems.  Let me give you an example. We would now have the ability to shift product between warehouse and DSD systems more easily, selecting the right system based on channel, customer and type of product. The outcome of this distinct flexibility is that we can now incubate new products that start out small in one distribution system and switch to another with little friction. Third, this transaction will allow us to take our existing Power of One to a new level on several dimensions. In North America, we would step up Power of One offerings across food and beverages. We could now offer compelling bundled beverage offerings without wondering whether they're DSD delivered or warehouse delivered. We would accelerate the work currently under way at Frito-Lay North America on a next-generation low-cost high-lift DSD system, and this will allow us to rapidly transfer new technologies to the beverage system also. We would be able to better serve both large and small format retailers and food service operators in the territories we own. We would provide one face to beverage customers in 80% of the country. And importantly, it would facilitate our bringing to market innovative new products that advance our human sustainability agenda with a greater range of nutritious offerings.  Turning to the International business, it's also part of this transaction. Our skill and know how would enable us to more quickly and efficiently address international opportunities. Let me remind you that our beverage businesses in Russia and the Ukraine are successful joint ventures and that we are actively involved in their operations. Similarly, in international markets like Mexico, Eastern Europe and Russia, we could derive greater synergies between our existing snacks and the bottlers' beverage businesses. In particular, we will capitalize on many of the Power of One opportunities, from bundling promotions to joint delivery and merchandising in these markets. And finally, this transaction would upon up a whole new level of strategic flexibility for us. As most of you know, nearly all of the sales of Tropicana and Gatorade are distributed through PepsiCo's warehouse system. This transaction will facilitate consolidation of the manufacturing network, which will have significant downstream cost benefits for the entire system. Overall, we feel very good about this transaction. It will enable us, both franchisor and franchisee, to immediately compete more effectively in the North American beverage market while providing significant additional opportunities for future growth.  On the people side we will have an expanded base of experienced operating executives we can move seamlessly across the company to staff our various needs. Our close working relationship with our largest anchor bottlers has enabled the current system to function at already high levels. We share similar values and mutual commitment to operating excellence in the U.S. and globally, and I am confident that this would facilitate a smooth integration process. We truly look forward to welcoming our PBG and PAS associates to the PepsiCo family. Now let me turn it over to Richard to cover some of the financial aspects of the transaction before I come back and talk about Q1 results.  Richard?
Richard Goodman:  Thanks, Indra.  Before I cover the financials, I do want to remind all of you that the offers we made for the shares of PBG and PAS are cross-conditional and our discussion therefore assumes both are completed successfully. In addition, our offers to acquire these shares are only proposals and are subject to us negotiating and signing definitive agreements with PBG and PAS. As Indra mentioned, we believe there are considerable synergies both in the near and medium term which, together with an increase in leverage, would result in EPS accretion of at least $0.15 when the synergies are fully realized and would also accelerate our EPS growth over the next three years by about 100 basis points. We expect the transaction would unlock more than $200 million of synergies on an annual basis, mostly in cost reductions of which we would expect to be able to realize more than half within the first 18 months. Immediate cost synergies include G&A savings related to overlapping functions at the corporate and operating level both in the U.S. and internationally, a reduction of warehouse, transport and other supply chain costs, and the rationalization of selling and other go-to-market functions. Top line and customer related benefits that we can realize increasingly over the next couple of years related to increased speed to market and package innovation, go-to-market flexibility by product and channel, streamlined national account coordination, and the ability to react quickly to technological advances. Of course, there would be one-time costs to achieve some of these synergies, with a cost-to-savings ratio of about 1 to 1. The transaction would not significant alter the ratio of our North America and International revenue. Although we believe the change in mix would reduce our operating margins by about 200 basis points, our EBIT growth would remain the same off a substantially higher base. In terms of the impact to our balance sheet, we do not believe this transaction would materially change our financial flexibility because we already own large minority stakes in these businesses and the rating agencies already evaluate us on the collective indebtedness of the system. On a combined basis, we are offering $6 billion for the equity in PBG and PAS that we do not already own. The offer is expected to be 50% stock and 50% cash, and we feel confident we can finance these transactions. As with any acquisition, our ROIC would decrease, in this case from the mid 20s to the high teens.  We would continue to return free cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and we would, of course, continue to opportunistically pursue acquisitions both in North America and internationally. Overall, our financial policies are aligned with the goal of creating long-term value for our shareholders. Let me close by saying that the analysis of this transaction has been completed with PepsiCo's typical rigor and thoroughness and that we have a track record of completing value-enhancing acquisitions. We are very excited about the strategic benefits the proposed combination might afford us and we feel confident that the combined company would create a business model that is better positioned to execute efficiently and to accelerate our growth. Now let me turn it back to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Richard.  You know, throughout this process there were several big-picture questions this transaction raised for us which I know are on your mind as well, so let me proactively address a few of these and then we'll move on to cover our Q1 performance before we turn it over to questions from you. To the first question: Why increase your investment in the domestic beverage category?  Let me tell you why. Because first and foremost we believe that the North American LRB category remains attractive and that maintaining our strong position in this business will be a key component of PepsiCo's overall success.  As most of you know, the LRB category in North America is valued at more than $100 billion at wholesale and we have conviction that the category responds well to fundamental innovation. As we come out of the current downturn we believe we can sustain volume growth in line with population, which is about 1% to 2%. And believe me, there are not too many consumer categories where expected volume growth alone could add $1 to $2 billion a year in category revenues.  It's also a category that's very profitable for our retail partners and one that because of our DSD system generates significant cash flow for them. Our retail customers therefore have every incentive to work actively with us to stimulate the category's development. The other reason we are bullish about the LRB category is because we are at an advantaged position in the North American LRB business with the absolute best portfolio of leading brands in CSDs, waters and non-carbs. We believe this transaction will enable us to perform significantly better going forward. The second question: How will this impact the independent bottlers?  Our independent bottlers will absolutely continue to play an important role in our North American beverage system. We value their capabilities and their ability to execute effectively in their markets. We will be working even closely with them to take full advantage of manufacturing and distribution efficiencies that can significantly decrease costs and can do so without compromising the effectiveness of the entire system as we respond to a changing marketplace. We have seen this work extremely well in certain areas of the country and are in active discussions to take advantage of other [inaudible] opportunities.  The last question: What about the integration risks? At our company, PepsiCo, integrating acquisitions is one of our core competencies and we believe the integration of our largest anchor bottlers will be successful since the risks are both well understood and manageable.  Our largest acquisition to date was Quaker Oats and, as you will all remember, we more than delivered on our target synergies. And Productivity for Growth, our restructuring program that we announced last October, and our billable SAP implementations have all been executed flawlessly. I believe we're pretty good at major project management. Before we move to our first quarter review, I want to emphasize that the other element that gives me confidence in the potential success of the transaction is that Eric Foss, CEO of PBG, Bob Pohlad, CEO of PAS, and their respective organizations have been great partners with us. Our organizations know each other extremely well and we share similar values. Both organizations are world class operators and collectively we can make a strong business even stronger by creating advantages that will enable us to optimize our performance in the future and enhance value to all of our shareholders. So that concludes the overview of the proposed transaction and now we'll move into the regular Q1 earnings discussion and then take your questions. So let me say at the outset that I'm very pleased with the overall performance of PepsiCo in the first quarter of the year. Our balanced global portfolio delivered 6% constant currency net revenue growth and 8% constant currency core EPS growth. PepsiCo Americas Foods continues to be rock solid, PepsiCo International is off to a good start, and Pepsi Americas Beverages came in just about where we were expecting them to and we're looking for it to show improvement throughout the year as the restaging of the North American beverage portfolio is complete and starts to gain traction. As we approached this year we were very pragmatic about the challenges we would face in the global slowdown. In many markets the impact has been more pronounced on beverages than on snacks and has hit certain countries more than others. But PepsiCo's hallmark is our operating agility. I am proud of the way our teams anticipated challenges in the quarter, quickly adjusting key operating levers to deliver solid top and bottom line growth while continuing to invest for the long term.  In the months ahead we will continue to adjust on a country-by-country basis as the macros evolve. And while nothing is linear in these turbulent times, we have stress tested our operating plans and remain confident in our ability to mange the levers in our business system to deliver performance consistent with our 2009 guidance.  Now before Richard reviews the performance of each of our divisions, let me remind you of the four key elements we are focusing on across the company in 2009. First, we're investing in value initiatives to engage consumers in new and relevant ways, tailoring our approach to meet differing needs across markets. And we're managing relative price gaps to private label and local competitors as consumers become even more mindful of each purchase.  Second, we are focusing on the drivers under our control to growth both top and bottom line results in local currency. These include flawless revenue management, consumer-preferred innovation, relentless cost discipline, and enhance productivity. Third, we intend to operate with strict financial discipline, maintaining a maniacal focus on cash. We're also closely managing all of our costs, renegotiating contracts around the world, localizing our sourcing, and variablizing our costs.  And lastly, we are maintaining our focus on driving long-term sustainable growth by investing in key markets around the world, investing in brand building, in R&D to drive innovation, in building our [inaudible] infrastructure, and in the development of our people. And we're doing all of these investments while respecting the value of our performance of purpose agenda that underpins [break in audio]. So with that, Richard will now review with you how each of our businesses performed in the quarter and how we expect them to perform going forward. Richard?
Richard Goodman: Thanks, Indra.  PepsiCo Americas Foods has started the year very strong, with double-digit top and bottom line growth on a constant currency basis. Frito-Lay North America continues to perform exceptionally well. Pricing actions contributed to top line growth across all channels, while disciplined cost control resulted in 12% constant currency core operating profit growth. And elasticities continued to be better than expected. Despite pricing actions at the end of last year to cover inflation, the division held volume close to flat in the quarter and grew total retail unit sales.  In this difficult macro environment we are closely managing FLNA's consumer value equation. I'll just note here that while syndicated data shows that private label has recently gained share, it has mostly been at the expense of others. And consumers continue to prefer our products. In fact, Frito-Lay had stronger revenue and value share growth than any major consumer goods company. As we head into Q2, our focus is to ensure that we're balancing value and volume share, and to that end we're investing to lower relative price gaps to branded competitors and private label. At the end of the first quarter we began adding 20% more product back into take-home Doritos, Cheetos, Tostitos and Fritos without raising the price, and we recently introduced a $2 value line that includes Santitas and Munchos products to offer consumers compelling everyday value. In addition to focusing on greater value, we're introducing consumer-preferred innovation across our core brands such as Hispanic flavor variations across our trademark Lays, Doritos and Cheetos, and we've launched innovation with functional benefits like our Smartfood popcorn snack, which delivers calcium and other important nutrients in a snack women already love to consume. Given these efforts, we anticipate a return to volume growth at Frito-Lay North America beginning in the second quarter. And as we begin to lap our pricing action from last year, we should see a more normalized spread between volume and revenue, resulting in a Frito algorithm that is more in line with historical performance levels.  So in total, Frito remains rock solid. Our Latin American businesses did a good job in the quarter, combining pricing actions with price/pack architecture initiative, cost control, and value-added promotions to deliver double-digit top line and bottom line growth on a constant currency basis.  In Mexico, our Sabritas and Gamesa teams quickly adjusted weight and price/pack architecture to deliver the right value equation for consumers amidst the challenging economic environment. The teams drove the top line by running value-added promotions, like Sabrita's Money in the Bag, which has performed very well at a time when consumers are increasingly mindful of the number of pesos in pocket. The macros in Mexico were clearly challenging, but the complementary nature of our powerful Gamesa and Sabrita's businesses gives us confidence that we will continue to be successful.  Turning to PepsiCo Americas Beverages, our performance in Q1 is wholly consistent with our plan. Our focus for the quarter was largely on brand restages and innovation launches and both have been executed successfully.  The magnitude of these changes was massive. We successfully reset tens of thousands of shelves across the country and merchandised over 1,000 new SKUs with the support of our bottling partners and retail customers all on schedule. And we're beginning to see the results of this effort. For example, our consumer campaigns across television, print, [inaudible] home and the Internet have all recorded great consumer reaction, starting with the Super Bowl. In addition, we are also beginning to see the volume impact of our refreshed approach to North America beverages. In CSDs our business showed sequential improvement in Q1 and significantly outperformed our largest competitor. More impressively, Mountain Dew continued to grow and our overall diet CSD portfolio outperformed our competitive diet offerings in both volume and value share. Despite the fact that the Easter season fell in Q1 last year, which added about a couple of points of headwind this quarter, our CSD business showed sequential improvement for the quarter. As we go into the critical summer season we have great innovation and value initiatives hitting the market. We recently launched the first permanent Sierra Mist line extension called Mist Ruby Splash, a delicious new entry into the grapefruit CSD segment. We've also just launched Throwbackers into Pepsi and Mountain Dew, featuring their classic packaging and sweetened with real sugar. To deliver value in the CSD space, we're running 2-liter programs and at our largest customer and in grocery we're offering 4-pack and 6-pack value offerings that hit hot price points. And in the C-store channel we're offering a $0.99 16-ounce can. Overall, we like the momentum we're seeing in CSDs, our marketing and promotion calendar looks solid, and this critical segment of the LRB business is on a steady track.  Turning now to the energy drink segment, we performed extremely well and continued to grow share. AMP had excellent growth and gained share, and we introduced three new SKUs - lemonade, green tea and black tea flavored AMP. The Rock Star distribution we signed in the quarter will extend our reach to a new energy drink consumer segment as Rock Star targets a different consumer than AMP. And Starbucks Energy Coffee continued to grow well. Now let's turn to our hydration offerings, which include Gatorade, G2, Tiger, Sobe Life Water, Aquafina and Propel. Our strategy is to continue to grow the entire hydration franchise in a sustainable way. Let me touch on some of our initiatives and what you can expect going forward. Sobe Life Water is showing strong performance in Q1 on the strength of our stevia-based all natural zero calorie offering. The zero calorie product alone gained a point of value share in Q1. We have two additional summer flavors hitting the shelf soon and we are featuring a 10 for $10 promotion in grocery. This brand is performing ahead of our expectation. Propel has just been relaunched into the market in a new lightweight bottle featuring 25% less [pet]. In addition to the original lineup of great flavors, we are launching two new sub lines - Propel Body, which contains 10% of the daily recommended dose of fiber, and Propel Mind, which contains antioxidants, Vitamin E and [coline]. And we are supporting the Propel relaunch with a great engaging campaign. We are optimistic about the prospects for this business. Which brings me now to the Gatorade G2/Tiger portfolio. Overall, these products combined still command about 75% share of the sports drink category, however, the business has declined in the past year. In addition, we have also seen stepped up competitive activity in this segment, but mostly price-based private label competition. The Gatorade franchise is one of the most powerful names in the LRB space. G2 is recognized as the most successful 2008 new product innovation in the food and beverage category, earning it the top spot in IRI's pacesetter rankings. Our Tiger product was also ranked as one of the most successful new product introductions of 2008.  Core Gatorade did decline and we are taking several steps to address this business. Our shelf reset with the new Gatorade packaging is complete, new on-air programming will launch in the next few weeks, and our summer programming at all our key customers is in place. G2 volume trends are very robust. We will continue to support this brand with great advertising and in-store activation. Tiger has been reformulated with lower levels of carbs and theanine, an ingredient which has been shown to increase mental focus during physical activity when combined with carbs and advanced hydration. Summer is critical to the Gatorade franchise. We expect the business to sequentially over the next few months; however, 2009 will likely remain a work in process year. Looking forward, we are excited about the innovations we have planned on core Gatorade for 2010. The good news is that our overall LRB portfolio and our overall PepsiCo portfolio is working well, giving us the breathing room required to get this great franchise growing again. Moving to PepsiCo International, we are off to a good start, with constant currency net revenue growth of 17% and core constant currency operating profit up 11% despite significant macroeconomic challenges and fewer trading days in a relatively short two-month quarter. Across PI, our management teams are exercising strong cost discipline and revenue management skills in the face of a fast-changing environment and expanding Power of One initiatives to leverage the go-to-market power of our three scale businesses across snacks, CSDs and juices. Europe, as expected, faced challenging macro conditions and difficult commodity overlaps in the first quarter; however, our teams managed well in this tough environment, delivering 17% net revenue growth and 10% core operating profit growth, each on a constant currency basis. They accomplished this by taking effective net revenue management actions in order to cover commodity cost increases, running creative value-added promotions, and resetting price/pack architectures to hit hot price points across both snacks and beverages. Given consumer purchasing constraints, we were particularly mindful of our price gaps with private label to ensure that we held our relative market share, and we continued to invest behind key platforms to build brands for future growth.  Snack volume in Europe was up slightly in the quarter despite the negative impact of fewer trading days and the combination of visual pricing and weight outs to offset commodity inflation and transaction foreign exchange. Walkers in the UK delivered strong double-digit net revenue and core operating profit growth, each on a constant currency basis. The team also drove value share across all channels on the strength of promotions like the Do Us a Flavor campaign, which asked consumers to vote on their favorite consumer generated flavor innovation. And this summer Walkers will reprise its successful Brit Trips promotion.  In Russia snacks we maintained double-digit volume momentum on the back of flavor innovation in our core Lays line and through a successful line extension of our bread snacks platform.  European beverage volume grew 7% on the strength of recent acquisitions and strong CSD performance in the U.K.; however, the macro situation in Eastern Europe and Russia clearly impacted volume there, and in Russia a conscious decision to carefully manage third-party distributor sales due to liquidity concerns also hit our top line in the quarter. Looking forward, we are cautiously optimistic about Europe despite the continue macroeconomic pressure in the short term.  Our Asia-Middle East-Africa region performed extremely well in Q1, led by India, the Middle East and China beverages, particularly considering that some of the Chinese New Year build was recorded in Q4.  Net revenue grew 18% and core operating profit also grew double digits. While we are seeing some pressure from commodity inflation in our input costs, teams have redoubled their revenue management, productivity and cost discipline efforts. This approach has allowed us to invest in delivering consumer value while minimizing the impact to our margins. Strong beverage volume growth in AMEA was broad-based geographically and across both CSDs and NCDs. AMEA snacks volume saw high single-digit growth in part due to strong innovation such as our new Twistos bread snack in the Middle East. And we have an exciting locally relevant innovation calendar across AMEA in the second quarter. In India we're introducing a baked cracker line and we're scaling up [Nimbos], which is our version of a traditional sweet lemonade made in most Indian households. In China we're introducing a new beverage line that delivers functional benefits, leveraging traditional Chinese medicine, and we're launching Mountain Dew and Pepsi Max.  Across the board, our PI businesses are healthy. We are happy with the way the teams have been responding in the marketplace and managing their margins. We have seasoned managers on the ground who know how to operate in adverse conditions and we have good plans in place for the summer. While we expected continued forex weakness and macro challenges during the second quarter, especially in Europe, we are on track to deliver our plan for full year and we expect to see improvement in the second half of the year as commodity costs and forex overlaps become less challenging. We remain optimistic about the outlook for PI across the rest of the year. Let me cover a couple below-the-line items. Our core EPS of $0.71 included a tax rate of 24.2%, primarily reflecting the favorable settlement of an outstanding international tax matter and the closing of several state tax audits. This benefit was worth about $0.03 per share in the quarter. For the full year we are still expecting our tax rate to be about the same as last year's 27% core rate.  Offsetting that benefit was the absence of PBG and PAS share sales, which represented a gain of $46 million last year in the quarter, and higher interest expense as a result of increased borrowing associated with last year's acquisition, the $1 billion discretionary pension contribution we made this quarter, and last year's share buyback. Excluding a discretionary $1 billion contribution to the pension plan and $124 million in cash payments associated with our Productivity for Growth program, cash from operating activities was significantly higher than last year. On guidance we expect to deliver mid to high single digit constant currency core EPS growth for full year based on $3.68 in 2008. Using current spot rates, foreign exchange translation would represent a high single-digit headwind to our full year constant currency core EPS. The impact of the proposed transactions is not included in our guidance. As a reminder, we expect very little below the line leverage in 2009; a key reason is the overlap of last year's $174 million in gain from the sale of our shares in our anchor bottlers. That represents a headwind of almost 2 percentage points of EPS growth. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter earnings call, our performance in 2009 will be a tale of two halves. We expect that second half operating profit will look better than the first, even on a constant currency basis, as commodities overlap fees, our beverage refresh gains traction, and the negative impact of transaction forex subsides. With that I will turn it back to Indra for closing commentary.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Richard. Before I make some of my closing comments I just want to make a small correction to what Richard just said. We expect very little below-the-line leverage in 2009 and the key reason is the overlap of last year's $147 million in gains from the sale of shares in our anchor bottlers, not $174 million in gains. It's $147 million in gains and that represents a headwind of almost 2 points of EPS growth. In closing, before I open it up to your questions I'd like to say that in this difficult macroeconomic environment I am really glad to be in the food and beverage business because people everywhere still need to eat and drink. However, to be successful in this environment a company must be able to adjust quickly to local circumstances. PepsiCo is certainly a global company, but our businesses are run locally. They have local cost structures and, as I shared with you earlier, the decisions we're making in China are different than those we make in Mexico and the U.K. or here in the United States.  So to sum up, I'd certainly be happier if the world economy were doing better, but we're off to a great start in the year, with each of our businesses performing in line with or exceeding our expectations. There's no company I'd rather be a part of as we navigate through this environment. Finally, I want to reiterate that our proposed acquisition of our two anchor bottlers is strategically sound and financially compelling for shareholders of all three companies, and we feel confident about our ability to execute the integration of these businesses.  With that let me open it up for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research.
Bill Pecoriello - Consumer Edge Research: A question on the proposed transaction. The synergy number seems very low considering the combination of PBG, Pepsi America, the International and duplication with PepsiCo. It seems like you're being conservative there. Could it even be double that? And second question: As you're changing route to market, things like maybe moving Gatorade, small format DSD or some other brands from DSD to warehouse, is it an obstacle that 25% of the bottling network is still independent and it's a complication changing the distribution format?
Indra Nooyi: Bill, thank you. I'm going to have - Mike White is on the call with us - take this call. Mike do you want to answer this question?
Mike White:  Sure. You know, Bill, in terms of the synergies, we've done a fair amount of work over the last 6 or 12 months on the business model as a whole. We clean sheeted and looked at everything. We're quite comfortable that we've set an appropriate set of expectations on synergies.  Clearly, as and when and if we have a deal we recognize we would always communicate with our investors in a good deal more specificity the final numbers that we would expect to get, but we feel quite comfortable that these are deliverable, hard synergies that investors could count on within the first two or three years of the close of the transaction. So I think that's important to keep in mind.
Indra Nooyi: Bill, let me just add that typically when we do synergy numbers and we report them on the day that we're announcing a transaction we usually report, like we did during the Quaker Oats transaction, synergies that we are very, very comfortable with, and then we start from there and work our way upward because you're right, there should be additional synergies, offset by the fact that procurement is an area where there's usually a lot of synergies; in this case, we already run procurement for our anchor bottlers, so that area is minimized. Regarding distribution, the opportunities are limitless. We can think about several options for distribution, but we want to be very, very sensitive to the fact that we do have an independent bottling system out there and our goal is to work constructively with the independent bottlers so that all of us can work to expand this profit pool in LRB. This is about a win-win transaction between us, PBG, PAS, and the independent bottlers so that together we can find a new way of competing in this rather difficult environment today.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities: First, can you elaborate a little bit on the potential competitive advantages that consolidating the bottler might have for PepsiCo? Did anything that Dr. Pepper/Snapple has been doing over the last year inform this transaction and how might it impact your competitive advantage with Coke?  Beyond that, just briefly, Richard, can you talk about why you feel it's appropriate to use PepsiCo equity in this transaction as opposed to all cash?
Indra Nooyi: Marc, let me take the first part of your question and then Richard will talk to you about the 50-50 cash/stock that we've offered for the transaction. As we've said in the script, life has changed dramatically in the LRB business in North America over the past four or five years - the balance has shifted from CSDs to non-carbs, hot fill is a much bigger force in the marketplace, the competitive environment has changed. And we strongly believe that given the nature of the business, the profit pool that's not growing substantially, an integrative operating model which enables fast decision-making, reduces costs, is much more aligned, will result in the best system performance now and in the years ahead.  Now we also believe that this combined company will allow us to bring innovation to the market much faster because the shape of innovation going forward is going to be different from the shape of innovation that we had some years ago - more niche products, stuff that doesn't stick for a long time. We're going to have to be very, very flexible in the distribution system and not spend too much time negotiating finer aspects of profit splits rather than focusing on the customer and the consumer and being extremely nimble. The other things is - and as I've said many times over the last few months in various conferences - the overall system could be a lot more cost efficient, especially in manufacturing and go-to-market, between hot fill and cold fill and within the cold fill system itself. We can get tremendous efficiencies in transportation and all the distribution centers. It requires us tall to work together and this will allow us to get it all done faster. It will also enable us to optimize routes to market for about 75% of the country in which PAS and PBG operate going to the DSD system where it makes more sense and through warehouse where it's more cost effective. It'll allow us to present a more unified face to our retail and food service customers, and we have the unique advantage of having Frito-Lay and the whole ability to offer Power of One bundled programs between food and beverage. Now we don't have to worry about how to make it all happen across multiple parties; we will have influence over 80% of the system, so we can go off and make it happen to benefit our retail partners and the consumers in a difficult environment. And lastly, Frito-Lay's the absolute leader in reconceptualizing a go-to-market system - the whole DSD system - and Frito-Lay has some very, very interesting ideas on how to lower the cost and improve the efficiency of the DSD system. This gives us the ability to take those ideas, quickly bring it to the beverage DSD system, and actually deploy it across both DSD and the warehouse system. So we've been very, very enthused about the prospects that this transaction offers us and we think this is the right transaction at the right time.  And let me close this part before I toss it to Richard by saying for the last year or so all the beverage discussions we've been having with all of you have been punctuated by talking about the issues in this business - issues related to growth, issues related to the shape of the growth, issues related to the split profit pool. I think this announcement today gets to the realm of solution. I feel good about where we are. Now let me turn it to Richard.
Richard Goodman: I think that the 50-50 provides both a compelling offer to the PAS and PBG shareholders. It does help in some instances from a tax standpoint as well, and it works for us as well from an accretion standpoint. And I think that the combination is a better one than just doing either all stock or all cash. And it gives them, as partners in this enterprise going forward, an ability to see some of the upside in our combined entity. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Indra, what gives you comfort that antitrust will not slow or stall this deal and how will this impact the non-Pepsi suppliers in PBG and PAS?
Indra Nooyi: Antitrust, I mean, we are consolidating our own business back into PepsiCo and it's a logical integration. Beyond that, I can't comment anymore, Carlos.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse:  Beyond that, Indra, why stop at PBG and PAS? I mean, domestically why not the small bottlers since they seem to be even more disadvantaged than PBG and PAS? And then on the international front, could you expand on how you're thinking or whether you have any objections to integrating ownership of beer at some point into your existing portfolio?
Indra Nooyi: We're just beginning to think about reshaping the North American beverage business. You're many steps ahead of us, Carlos. We haven't even thought about any of those at this point, and I think it's premature to think about all that.  This PAS/PBG acquisition's a North American play. Internationally, we like our bottling system the way it exists today. We'd like to leave it there. This is strictly a North American play. And regarding our independent bottlers, as we said earlier in our prepared comments, we have a great partnership with our independent bottlers. Our independent bottler association works very well with us. So there are no issues with the PepsiCo Bottler Association, the independent bottler association. We actually look forward to working with the Independent Bottler Association, PepsiCo, the combined operating and franchise company, in partnership with the independent bottlers, to accomplish our aims.  So let's wait and see and see how all of this evolves over the next weeks and months.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: First, many of these concepts, of course, make a lot of sense, but I can't help but think that some of these synergies are things that you potentially could have achieved without an outright purchase. Can you talk a little bit about some of the roadblocks you've been running into over the last - I guess, Mike, you said it was 12 months that you've been analyzing the business model to try to get some of these benefits without an outright deal.
Mike White: I don't know that I want to go into all the details, but I have to tell you I think most of them could not be gotten any other way, to be honest, Kaumil.  First of all you've got three sets of corporate headquarters between PepsiCo, PBG and PAS, so that's all overlapping. You've got two sets of information systems between PBG and PAS in North America. Just the logistics of looking at the Gatorade business have been a challenge given the price that we paid for Quaker Oats and the size of that business at PepsiCo without the significant challenge of how you would get it, for instance, in the small format channel onto the bottlers' trucks in a shareholder value friendly way.  And then even in International I would tell you that the complexity of the business models we're running in many of these countries, I mean, in Russia we have three different structures. We have a joint venture on the juice side that we lead, we have a joint venture that PBG leads on the rest of the beverage side, and we have the Frito-Lay business that PBG does a great job of distributing. So there's a lot of, I would say, structural inefficiency in these governance structures. In some ways they're more financially engineering driven than they are fundamentals. And if there's one thing I would say about today's economy it's that this is a challenging economy where you really have to really look hard at your operating model and your business model and make sure you've got the fundamentals that are sound, and we really feel that way about this. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS:  Could you maybe provide some perspective on the $200 million in synergies? How much of that is coming from combining the PAS/PBG operations and then how much from combining the bottling operations with PepsiCo?
Indra Nooyi: Kaumil, that's not a level of detail we want to go into right now. Let's just say that overall this transaction offers $200 million of synergies as we see it now. And who knows? It could go up as we get into the operations and look more at it. But I'll just say one more thing. Mike talked about the fact that over the last 6 to 12 months we've been clean sheeting this whole thing. We've been seeing the LRB business in North America evolve, we've seen this profit pool remain flat and sometimes even shrink, and we've been thinking about every possible way we can reconceptualize the system so that all of us can make a healthy living in this business. That's what we've been engaged in the last 6 to 12 months.  Believe me, no stone was left unturned as we thought through things we could do with the current system, things we could do by trading back and forth between the systems. We looked at every option. And in the typical PepsiCo rigorous way we concluded recently that consolidating the anchor bottlers into PepsiCo presented the most value-creating option for their shareholders and ours and the best way to create competitive advantage for PepsiCo in the North American LRB business.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS:  Has your estimates changed at all for long-term LRB growth?
Indra Nooyi: In North America, look, as I've said before, Kaumil, we are forecasting from a trough. And at this point, as we come out of this downturn, we think population growth is a number we should work with. If it's above that, that's great, but I think population growth will drive LRB growth, volume growth.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Faucher - J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: I want to talk a little bit about ROIC here. This has been a big focus for PepsiCo, really since the restaurant spinoff back in the 1990s, and historically it seems like you've been willing to take a hit on the ROIC in terms of buying a faster-growth business. That's obviously not the case in terms of looking at the bottlers so, I guess, how should we view your ROIC strategy going forward given the fact that you're willing to take a big hit on something that's going to grow slower longer term when historically you seem to have tried to avoid doing those type of acquisitions?
Richard Goodman: I think clearly the ROIC does go down, but that happens in any large transaction just given the nature of the accounting for those transactions. I think what we're focused on here is that we do believe that we can drive the business, that our EBIT growth actually will accelerate based on this, and that the transaction overall will have a positive impact on EPS, and that's including the synergies and with all of the revenue enhancing we can be doing both in the United States and outside the United States, that we can get higher growth out of the businesses than the businesses have going into this transaction.
Indra Nooyi: John, I'd just add one more thing. We are running PepsiCo for the long term and you cannot run a company just on one metric. We look at a bunch of metrics and look at how best to ensure that PepsiCo stays competitively advantaged in each of its businesses in each of the countries and products lines going forward. This time it made absolute sense to take a minimal ROIC hit, but don't forget our ROIC is still in the high teens, which is a very attractive return on invested capital, well above the cost of capital and well in the top tier of all CPG companies. So we feel good about where the ROIC is, but it allows us to generate great earnings growth sustainably and solidify the North American liquid refreshment beverage business model.  So overall I wouldn't focus this on one metric. I think I'd look at the holistic set of things that we're managing this company for for the long term. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan:  I understand that, but it's not necessarily just one metric. But I guess the question to follow up on that from Richard is so you think not just through the synergies but you think the underlying growth rates of these businesses can be accelerated, noticeably let's say, over a longer period of time and in your opinion that makes it more like deals you've considered in the past that would hurt your ROIC? Is that a fair statement?
Richard Goodman: Yes, I think that that's fair. And Indra talked, in response to one of the other questions, a number of the things that we can be doing in order to enhance revenue growth to make sure that we're putting stuff through the - in small format, through DSD, that we haven't been able to do. We'll also see some of those same benefits international as well in our ability to leverage off of the businesses that we have.  So on the one hand there's a lot of cost synergies; on the other hand there's a lot of revenue opportunities that are out there that we absolutely need to take advantage of and we firmly believe that this is absolutely the best way to be able to do it. That really is the end of our analysis. If you were to clean sheet how you approach this business given the current environment and given the trends, the best way to take advantage of this is to put this combined system together. 
Mike White: If I could just add and maybe amplify a little bit to your question, John, on the carbonated soft drink side, look, this is not primarily driven by that part of the business. This certainly enables us to remove some friction points when you have a more mature business than historically, but I would say what Indra was saying earlier. I think the primary competitive rationale is you have to look at not only where we've been but where we're going.  Ten years ago when we spun it off, CSDs were over 60% of LRB. Last year they were around 45% in the U.S. If you throw that forward 5 or 10 years it'll probably be closer to what it is in the rest of the world, somewhere between 30% and 40% of LRB. I think there'll always be a healthy CSD business, but consumers want variety. And the economics and the complexity, the manufacturing technologies, all of our R&D focus has been, frankly, on how to create new and exciting non-carbs and this is acquiring the distribution arm and the pipe, if you.  So when you talk about accelerating growth, to me the key thing is this is going to enable us to accelerate our non-carb strategy more flexibly and more efficiently as we go forward, and frankly, we think that's where the preponderance of growth will be in LRB in the future. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christine Farkas - BAS-ML.
Christine Farkas - BAS-ML: I'm going to ask about the quarter, if I could. Latin America, we saw snack volumes decline a little bit there. I realize there were some one-time factors and the Easter shift, etc., but do you think that where the trends are now that you would see some growth resume later in the year? And could you comment about the trends in beverages in Latin America as well?
Indra Nooyi: Let me have John Compton take the snack business and Massimo talk a bit about the Latin America beverage trend.
John Compton:  Yes, you're right, the shift impacted the businesses notably in Mexico between, you know, we have a huge volume business in Gamesa, so we were certainly impacted there. The second is, as you know, most of the pricing that we've taken in Sabrita's is largely through weight outs of our small bags, so we don't price up the line beyond sort of 5 pesos in the up-and-down-the-street channel. So all of the pricing we took was through weight outs. Our businesses remain strong. If you look at the revenue growth, we continued to do well. And obviously the overall profitability in Latin America food on a constant currency basis was outstanding with 27% growth.  The rest of South America, by the way - Chile, Argentina - is doing outstanding. Brazil is back on track, doing well. Colombia, Venezuela is doing fine. So overall Latin America I feel good about the snack business.
Massimo D'Amore:  Building on what John said, on beverages we had a similar picture. We were hit in Mexico like every other consumer good company because of the macro situation there, but south of Mexico we're actually performing well and above expectation. And the two strengths of are business are the same we have said before, which is first of all a very healthy Gatorade business, with shares in the 80s plus across all the markets of Latin America, as well as [inaudible] business, which south of Mexico is associated with very strong bottling [patents], which allows us to perform well. 
Christine Farkas - BAS-ML:  Massimo, if I could follow up on Tropicana, are you seeing some improvement intra quarter as you've put the new or the old packaging back onto the shelves?
Massimo D'Amore: Yes. We have already said that Tropicana is picking up it's top line performance and in association with the fact that our launch of Trop 50, which was about four weeks ago now, is doing very well. We have been very [inaudible] with distribution of Trop 50 and initial consumer response in terms of trial is very positive.
Christine Farkas - BAS-ML:  And if I could just follow up with Mike on China, you mentioned high single-digit volumes given the load into the fourth quarter. If you're looking at the weekly progress, I guess, into April or on your quarter going into March and April, are you seeing trends resume back a little bit to more normal levels? 
Mike White: You know, China's been a bit of a mixed bag, to be honest with you. The north and the west have been just continuing to rocket forward with double-digit growth. The south, where a lot of the plant closures have occurred as the exports dried up, has really been very, very difficult, and the east has been a little big challenging as well. So it's not even kind of a one-country phenomenon at the moment.  I would say also you've got to remember we had huge growth last year and I think our snacks business was lapping 50% growth in Q1 and our beverage business almost 20% growth in Q1, and we had some load for Chinese New Year in December because Chinese New Year moved forward this year. So there's a lot of noise. I'm quite happy with our performance in China, up high single digits, considering the lap in the earlier Chinese New Year. I think our team's performed well. But I would say we're keeping a close eye on it. You're seeing very, very strong continued growth in half the country and some challenges in the other half of the country driven by macroeconomics. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Lauren Torres - HSBC.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: Indra, you did already touch upon this, but I was just curious if you could talk a bit more about the timing of this announcement. You mentioned that the competitive environment has been tough for four or five years, and I was just curious if there was anything that stimulated this because I think on a couple of conference calls you may have been asked about this and you were somewhat slow to respond that you would make moves like this so quickly.
Indra Nooyi: Well, you know, it reinforces something I just said a short time ago, Lauren. We have been looking very, very carefully at this North American liquid refreshment beverage business and looking at all of the options to improve the size of the profit pool, how we work with our bottling partners. We've been doing this work over the last 6 to 12 months as the LRB category fundamentally started to take some interesting twists and turns. And when the work was completed and we realized that this was the best option to create value for the whole system, we pushed the button. And so there's nothing magical about the date. It's just that we embarked on a strategic analysis and the strategic analysis reached its logical conclusion and therefore we made the offers. 
Lauren Torres - HSBC:  And I'm not sure if you'd like on-target address this, but once you get volume growing again and you take costs out of the system, how are you thinking about this business going forward? Is the combined beverage business the way to go going forward or is it something once again that you look to get out of at some point when things are where you want them to be?
Indra Nooyi: Oh, boy, Lauren, let's get this done and let's get the system working again. And if this sort of a discussion is needed many years down the line, let's come back and talk about it. The thing to remember is that the very essence of strategy is being able to modify your approach based on marketplace reality. That's what strategy's about. And our point is 10 years ago the strategy that we embarked on made all these sense in the world given the shape of that market, as Mike White mentioned. The market situation in the last 12 to 18 months is vastly different and if you want to be strategically nimble you've got to make the required changes, and we did that.  So let's see how long this can go on and if it requires another change, we'll come back and talk to you. But at this point this is the right thing to do at this time in the marketplace.  So with that let me just say thank you to all of you for joining us on the call and we look forward to a continuing dialogue with you over the next days and weeks. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. That does conclude today's PepsiCo conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Nathenson  VP IR Indra Nooyi - CEO Richard Goodman - CFO Mike White - CEO, PepsiCo International John Compton - CEO, PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo D'Amore - CEO, PepsiCo Americas Beverages 
Analysts:  John Faucher - JPMorgan Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank  Christine Farkas  Banc of America  Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Lauren Torres - HSBC Mark Swartzberg  Stifel Nicolaus  Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs  
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Mike Nathenson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.  Mike Nathenson Good morning everyone and thanks to all of you for joining us. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our PepsiCo.com website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends.  Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance. You should refer to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website at www.pepsico.com under the heading Financial News to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts.  Now for a couple of housekeeping items, during today's call, all references to EPS growth and division operating profit growth are core and exclude mark-to-market gains or losses on commodity positions included in corporate unallocated expenses, restructuring and impairment charges including the impact of our productivity for growth program and our share of PBGs restructuring and impairment charges, and the impact of certain tax benefits in 2007.  With that I will turn the call over to Indra. Indra Nooyi Thank you Mike and good morning everyone, Id like to open todays call by saying I am very proud of the way PepsiCo performed in 2008. Global snacks and global beverage volumes were both up 3% with international beverages 10% and international snacks up 5.5%. Revenue was up 10% to $43.3 billion, EPS for the year was up 9%, cash flow was a robust $7 billion, and we returned over $7 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. And we achieved these very good results in spite of a very tough macro environment which is a great testament to the way in which our teams around the world responded real time to the challenges.  Timely actions on revenue management, a solid innovation calendar, and a continuing focus on cost discipline and productivity allowed us to maintain momentum with our consumers and deliver strong results for our shareholders. Looking across our businesses, what we saw in 2008 was that the majority of our portfolio performed extremely well and that includes our snack and food businesses around the world as well as our beverage businesses outside North America.  Let me just quickly give you the highlights of each, Frito-Lay North America was rock solid throughout the year. They adjusted rapidly to the changing commodity picture with excellent revenue management which enabled them to sustain volume momentum while achieving 8% revenue growth and 7% profit growth.  Quaker Foods responded heroically to the flooding of our main Cedar Rapids plant, restored operations within a matter of weeks and delivered 8% profit growth. Latin America foods had an absolutely terrific year with revenue and profit growth above 20% reflecting solid operating performance in our key businesses in Mexico, as well as very strong growth in the developing countries of South America. Latin American beverages grew volume mid single-digits on the strength of its diversified portfolio of carbonated soft drinks and non-carbs. And PepsiCo international had another year of mid teens earnings growth reflecting the balance of solid performance in our developed markets and continued high growth in our developing markets of Eastern Europe, the Mid East as well as China and India.  And we expect these businesses to continue to perform well in 2009.  The piece of the portfolio that didnt perform up to expectations was our North American beverage business which continued to be buffeted by the category dynamics. As you know this was an unprecedented year for the LRB category in North America with the first decline in category volume in at least the last half century. Clearly this remains our key area of focus. Ill come back to you in a few minutes with our thoughts on why we believe this will turn around and what actions we are taking to change the trajectory.  During the middle of last year we anticipated some of the macroeconomic headwinds we would be facing in 2009 and began formulating our productivity for growth initiatives which we announced on the third quarter call. We will be generating savings of $350 to $400 million in 2009 and the cumulative total of $1.2 billion over a three-year period.  The majority of these savings will be invested to drive growth in key businesses, to enable us to maintain value for consumers and to enhance our long-term R&D capabilities. And as you would expect we will use a portion to provide us with the flexibility to respond appropriately to the uncertainties in the current environment.  And I am proud to report that our productivity for growth program has been largely implemented flawlessly. Which brings me to our outlook for 2009, clearly this is going to be a challenging year from a macroeconomic standpoint. Virtually all of the developed world will be experiencing a decline in GDP. Developing countries particularly those East of The Middle East will fair better but they too will see their growth rates slowing.  And the first half of the year will be particularly difficult even as governments around the world work diligently on measures to maintain the solvency of key financial institutions and get credit flowing and also to provide some much needed stimulus to their economies. The good news is that even in these times consumers eat and drink and so our categories are less impacted then some others.  The other good news for us is the leverage that we get across the globe from our direct store delivery systems whether it is operated by us or by our bottling partners because it gives us unparalleled reach at a time when every customer and consumer is important, it provides us with phenomenal flexibility to adjust products, prices, and promotional calendars in response to changing consumer and competitive dynamics, and in combination with the rapid velocity of our products in the higher margins it provides huge cash flow benefits to the retailers we serve.  Now this business system is a big competitive advantage especially in these difficult times. In that context we expect continued solid performance in 2009 from our global snack and food business as well as our beverage business outside the United States. In these operations we fully understand the task and have granular plans in place to achieve critical objectives in every market around the world.  And while the plans differ in detail all leverage PepsiCos experience in managing in difficult times and all are focused on the same key elements as follows. One, value initiatives that engage consumers in new and relevant ways at a time where they are being increasingly discriminating about each and every purchase.  Two, managing the business drivers under our control to generate both top and bottom-line growth in local currency. This means continued flawless revenue management, strong innovation, relentless cost discipline, and enhanced productivity across the entire business system.  Three, delivering on the imperative of driving long-term sustainable growth by continuing to invest in key markets, in brand building, in R&D to drive innovation, in building out our SAP infrastructure, and in the development of our people. And we will do this without taking our eye off the performance of purpose agenda that [under pins] our commercial success.  And four, maintaining a maniacal focus on cash with reductions in capital spending on top of the paring back that we did in the second half of 2008 as well as improved working capital management.  Now in North America beverages, we will be focused on the challenge of rejuvenating growth. As you would expect this is a multi dimensional effort that we will execute in partnership with our bottlers across our entire beverage system. Our plan includes reenergizing our brand, and youve already seen in the marketplace many of the initiatives we have planned for the year. Brand Pepsis refresh everything campaign is well under way connecting with consumers through shared values of hope and optimism in a specially relevant message during these difficult times. Similarly youve seen the birth of the new identity for Gatorade building on the notion of [G].  A key element in all of this is new packaging and new graphics which brings these concepts to life. It also means introducing new products. A great example is the new zero calorie SoBe Lifewater which is sweetened with PureVia, an all-natural FDA approved sweetener. And PureVia is also used in our new [inaudible] orange juice which has half the calories of regular OJ and is shipping to stores now.  Of course you need to make all of this happen in stores. In partnership with our bottlers and retailers we have flawlessly executed the largest brand identity change over in the history of the North American LRB category refreshing over 1200 SKUs in all channels across the entire US in less then six weeks beginning at the end of the fourth quarter and culminating with a full scale launch of our creative campaign for the Super Bowl.  And to change the category trajectory we need to provide enhanced value to our consumers as well. So we are partnering with our bottlers and retailers to develop price pack architecture offerings to deliver better consumer value by channel. We have seen some positive early read results in the 8-18 pack architecture and well be in the market with a 16 oz. can priced at $0.99.  We are also jointly developing promotional plans to deliver consumer value through a full calendar and our bottlers are working to gain incremental space in cold vault and standalone coolers in key growth categories in national C&G chains while investing in high margin, single serve value programs.  Now our entire system is pushing to get in the same direction as we move to restore the category back to growth. While the environment remains difficult I believe we are positioning the North American beverage business exactly where it needs to be in order to win when the economy turns.  With that Id like to take a moment to cover our guidance for 2009, we remain confident about the underlying strength of our business and our long-term goals continue to be the same as in the past, mid single-digit volume growth, revenue growing ahead of volume, and EPS growth of at least 10%. The challenge of course is navigating through the current macroeconomic downturn. We have managed through tough times around the world before and we have a sound playbook and experienced and capable teams.  But no one has the ability in this environment to predict with any degree of accuracy how the macroeconomic situation will progress over the coming months or what currency rates will be or exactly how consumers will respond to all of this. In this context after thoroughly stress testing our model we believe it is prudent for PepsiCo to offer a broader guidance range for 2009 then we have in the past and to do so in constant currency terms. So as you saw in our press release we are providing a full year 2009 constant currency guidance range for both net revenue and core EPS of mid to high single-digit growth. Please note that our guidance assumes that we wont sell any shares of our anchor bottlers in 2009 given the current market conditions. Just to give you an idea of what that means for our EPS performance, share sale gains amounted to about $0.06 in 2008 or an impact of almost 2% on growth.  As we have indicated the first and second half of 2009 will look very different from a profitability standpoint even on a constant currency basis. One major driver of the difference is commodities. We will see benefits during the second half of the year from the recent decrease in commodity prices. But the overlaps in the first half are indeed challenging. In addition our profit overlaps are more difficult in the first half and particularly in the first quarter.  And finally we expect for the programs we have launched to revitalize our North American beverage business will have an increasing impact as the year progresses. As we manage the business in 2009 we are clearly focusing on gaining value share while keeping an vigilant eye on volume share. We are sensitive to our operating margins, cash is king in this environment, and we are tightening our belts both in working capital and capital spending although not at the expense of growth in key markets and categories.  We expect to use our strong free cash flow to continue to return cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Importantly we are also looking to make sure that we are well set up going into 2010 and so we will be making the appropriate investments in R&D, in brand building, and in our IT infrastructure to ensure that we continue to take more then our fair share of growth.  Before we close I want to make sure we have the opportunity to discuss some of the key issues facing each of our businesses, so Id like to [inaudible] each of our sectors to hit these topics straight on and John Compton is going to begin with his thoughts on PepsiCo Americas foods.  John Compton  Thank you Indra, let me begin by saying that I am extremely proud of the PepsiCo Americas foods teams. The business results in the quarter and the full year were very strong balancing volume, revenue, and profit growth and I remain optimistic for 2009 and let me tell you why.  First our biggest business Frito-Lay North America is performing exceptionally well. Despite unprecedented levels of pricing required in 2008 to offset commodity inflation, we have been able to hold volume virtually flat. With the price increases we took in November all of the 2009 pricing is now in the market and we are continuing to see better then expected price elasticity.  As a result the salty snack category led by Frito-Lay is one of the fastest growing consumer packaged goods categories in the terms of dollar growth. The strong top line combined with DSD service and credit terms yields a very attractive proposition for our retail partners. In fact in 2008 in measured channels Frito-Lay scanned revenue growth was almost 9%, three times faster then the average scanned growth in the total store.  Now as you might imagine we are watching our volume equation very closely. Beginning in late March we will begin putting 20% more product in selected brands and packages. This should add to our strong consumer value proposition. And beginning in Q2 we will begin to see our volume growth return. So as I look at 2009 Frito-Lay has a balanced approach to innovation and value initiatives. I am optimistic that 2009 will be another strong year and to use Indras words, Frito-Lay is rock solid.  Second our Latin American businesses had a terrific year, on an organic basis volume was up 1%, revenues were up 11%, and profits grew 20%. Our teams across all the Latin American countries, Mexico, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, have faced challenging economic conditions before. They understand the effects of currency both translation and transaction. They understand both money in the pocket for the consumer and money in the cashbox for the customer. So they know how to juggle mix, price, [wait outs] and engaging consumer promotions is a means to drive growth. A recent example is [Sabritas] money in the bag promotion. You know historically we have run promotions targeting sought after collectibles, like [Tagos] but the Sabritas teams understood the need Mexican consumers have for more Pesos in the pocket. So the promotion we are just now ending has been very successful.  Likewise [Gamesa] is off to a strong start and South America continues to perform well. Third Quaker Foods is our foundation for nutritious healthy products. We are investing in new products like True Delight Bars, targeting adults. True Delights will add to our very successful mom for [kid] franchise in chewy bars.  Last weve been able to bring together our leadership teams across these businesses during the past 12 months harnessing the commonalities for additional sources of productivity. These new sources of productivity can be used for innovation, for brand building, or extending our DSD advantage. So for all of these reasons I remain bullish about PepsiCo Americas foods and I look forward to sharing our global foods and snack division with you at Cagney next week.  Now let me turn it over to Mike White, CEO of PepsiCo International to talk about PI. Mike White  Thanks John, good morning everyone. I too am particularly proud of the year that weve had all across the world with our PepsiCo International teams and I think they really have shown their strength in this challenging macroeconomic environment.  Now Im going to address our PI business in terms of constant currency performance because thats how we manage the business. Let me first at our developed markets which by and large continued to perform well in the fourth quarter. Combined Walkers in the United Kingdom and our developed European snacks portfolio in countries like Spain, Portugal, France, Belgium, and Holland, had high single-digit revenue and profit growth with volumes off only modestly.  And our carbonated soft drink business in Europe also performed with low single-digit volume growth and margins consistent with what weve seen previously. I must say I was particularly pleased with our performance of the carbonated soft drinks business in the United Kingdom where we delivered low double-digit volume growth and positive share gains on the strength of our Pepsi Max no sugar product line.  Now we did however face some challenges in the Tropicana juice business in both the United Kingdom and France. Our profits were hit by some unfavorable one-time items as well as a significant increase in our juice costs in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to 2009 in terms of our developed markets I expect our developed snacks businesses will continue to perform well in constant currency. Our Walkers business, our flagship, is off to a good start on the strength of a do us the flavor promotion with consumers designing the flavor of their choice and Walkers will be running another Brit trips promotion this summer which proved to offer great value with discounts on local UK tourist destinations last year.  Across Europe we are closely monitoring our price gaps with private label to ensure we hold a relative market share. And I expect our carbonated soft drink business will also continue to perform in developed markets with our primary focus on Pepsi Max. In terms of Tropicana were working hard to improve our net revenue management, as well as driving significantly lower costs across the juice supply chain which should enable us to deliver operating profit growth for the full year.  Now let me turn to PIs emerging markets, there were still seeing good growth overall and I might say in Asia, Africa and the Middle East in particular we continue to experience very good growth, although certainly a little bit slower then the rates we saw in early 2008. Starting with snacks, our snacks businesses continue to perform especially well. Both China and Russia grew volumes 17% in the fourth quarter and Im personally very excited about our newest local flavor in Russia, a red caviar Lays, you just have to try it.  Transactional foreign exchange will certainly effect some of our snacks input costs in 2009 so were redoubling our focus on both smart revenue management as well as productivity. In emerging market beverages we had a strong fourth quarter with volume in China up 20% and India up 25% and I might add both countries were over 25% if you just looked at the last three months of the year, October, November, and December.  And were seeing continued strong momentum in January. I also think its important to mention that just this week we received approval for four new beverage plants in China which well begin construction on later this year. Overall we have a terrific marketing calendar, increased investment in marketplace presence in critical strategic emerging markets and an exciting new product launch calendar for 2009 which emphasizes a variety of non-carbonated, better for you beverages like tea, juice drinks, as well as hydration products. Now we are seeing some macroeconomic challenges in the Ukraine and Russia this year, and we have taken steps to ensure that we can deliver growth in constant currency.  Our juice businesses in the Ukraine and Russia have been particularly hard hit due to transactional foreign exchange and were focused on reengineering their product costs, leveraging the power and breadth of our full brand portfolio that happens to span both premium and value offerings and driving even greater leverage from our combined go to market muscle across our full snacks and beverages portfolio, truly looking to even greater leverage from the power of one.  Now with that said I am confident that we will continue to lead the market in Russia and the Ukraine and deliver good top and bottom line results in constant currency. We have a broad portfolio spanning both carbonated and non-carbonated beverages as well as a powerhouse snacks business combined with a flexible go to market set of systems and I think additional opportunities for even greater leverage from our power of one strategies.  I am also overall optimistic about our long-term prospects for all of our emerging markets as per capital consumption levels are still low by any standard and convenience is increasingly important to time starved consumers. Most importantly our teams are savvy local operators and importantly theyve managed through currency crisis before. So Im confident theyll be taking the right steps to deliver solid local currency results in 2009. Finally let me make a couple of comments about the progress were making on our strategic transformation making our portfolio increasingly focused on health and wellness. In fact just this week we signed a new joint venture agreement with Almarai. Almarai is the leading dairy and juice company in the Middle East. This joint venture called International Dairy and Juice Limited with be 52% held by PepsiCo and will focus on developing opportunities in Southeast Asia, Africa, and the Middle East excluding the GCC for a range of high quality dairy and juice products.  We will be able to draw on Almarais knowledge of the dairy industry as well of course to draw on PepsiCos marketing capabilities and experience as a world leader in juice. Now while this joint venture is still very much in the start up phase, we think its going to provide us some exciting opportunities in growing categories that very directly address consumers interest in health and wellness in these emerging markets.  So in general I believe we have a strong value and innovation lineup all across our markets in PI supported by a heightened focus on cost control and combined that will deliver solid local currency results for 2009. Now let me turn it over to my good friend Massimo D'Amore, CEO of PepsiCo Americas beverages to discuss our North America beverage business. Massimo D'Amore  Thank you Mike, let me open by saying that PepsiCo Americas beverages was in itself a tail of two businesses. First our Latin America beverage business which is the smaller part of the portfolio performed well on both top and bottom lines. Second or North American beverage business on the other hand did not meet expectations. Category dynamics impacted our performance as the LRB as a whole declined for the first time ever on a year over year basis.  As you know by middle of 2008 we put in place a plan to completely refresh and rejuvenate our entire North America beverage lines, from our brand identities to consumer campaigns to innovation. And most of these initiatives are now appearing in the marketplace. We expect that during the course of the new beverage lineup will gain traction and our supporting campaigns will yield increasing results.  The first half of the year will still be a work in process but we believe our investment will yield the results later in 2009. Now one question still on your mind might be, why are we optimistic about the prospects of this business. First of all the LRB category in North America is attractive. It is large, a 20 billion cases and $95 billion at retail, and it delivers attractive profitability and cash flow.  It has also recorded positive growth every year for which data has been kept expect for last year. It is a vibrant category with a tremendous amount of innovation emanating from the players every year. We do believe that the LRB category decline we experienced in 2008 which may continue into 2009, is not driven by the number of drinking occasions which are actually still growing, but by the shifting occasions from conveniently packaged offerings to cheaper in home non LRB alternatives which reflect the current economic situation.  This raises a question about the long-term growth prospects for the category. We conducted in depth consumer research and our analysis indicates that the category will return to growth, at least in line with population growth once we come out of this economic downturn. We are confident about this. We expect the shape of the growth to be a bit different going forward. We see a large opportunity in three main areas. First the underserved [inaudible] of women and boomers. Second, in beverages providing functional benefits and better nutrition, third in the opportunities still to be addressed at the intersection of unfulfilled occasions and unmet needs. As the leaders in the North America LRB business our strategy in 2009 is built on five pillars. First rejuvenate and refresh our brand identities and lineup which is supported by break through marketing to the consumer at a time when it is cost efficient to do so. So far we successfully refreshed over 1200 SKUs and kicked off our advertising campaigns which culminated with our great presence at the Super Bowl.  Second we increased our focus on consumer value. As evidenced by the new CSD multipacks and the 16 oz. can priced at $0.99. Third we are executing flawlessly at the shelf in close partnership with our bottlers. Fourth we are taking power of one to a new level and fifth we are delivering innovation pipeline for superior value and break through products for 2010 and beyond.  Finally 2009 especially the first half is a work in progress as we begin to see our efforts gaining traction with consumers. We expect the results of our actions to positively impact our business in the second half of 2009 and beyond.  Now I will turn it over to Richard Goodman, the CFO of PepsiCo.  Richard Goodman Thanks Massimo, Id like to cover several company wide programs as well as provide some additional detail on below the line items. Our productivity for growth program is right on track. Most of our planned productivity initiatives have been implemented and we are track to meet expectations both in terms of the overall cost of the programs as well as the benefits. The $350 to $400 million in savings we expect to realize in 2009 will be invested across our businesses as well as to provide us with the flexibility to respond appropriately amidst the uncertainties in the current environment. Clearly a critical investment priority is restoring growth to the North American beverage business as Massimo talked about. This includes the brand building and product and package innovations that Indra and Massimo talked about earlier.  At Frito-Lay we will be investing in increased A&M adding value to our corn products and further optimizing our go to market system including some significant resets of the salty snack aisle that will enable us to enhance our presence with key cohorts while reducing SKUs.  Internationally we will be stepping up our investments in our go to market capabilities in China and India as well as new product launches in these and other key developing markets. And we will be significantly increasing our commitment to long-term R&D. Turning to commodities in 2009 we are expecting about 6% input cost inflation, down from 10% in 2008. Inflation in snacks will be higher then in beverages and based on the forward cover we had coming into this year, we will be seeing significantly higher inflation in the first half of the year then the second.  That sequential improvement will help lift our quarterly growth rates as we progress throughout the year. And in 2010 we would expect commodities to be deflationary. On guidance as Indra mentioned we expect to deliver mid to high single-digit constant currency core EPS growth for full year 2009. Based on current spot rates, foreign exchange translation would represent a headwind of about 8% to core EPS.  Within this guidance we expect very little below the line leverage in 2009. The key reason is that given current market conditions we do not anticipate selling any shares of our anchor bottlers this year. That represents a headwind of almost two percentage points of EPS growth since in 2008 these shares resulted in a gain of $147 million or about $0.06 a share.  In addition our interest expense will be higher in 2009 given the $2 billion in acquisitions we made last year. And while corporate departmental expenses will be reduced versus the year ago we are investing significantly in long-term R&D.  Finally we expect our full tax rate to be about the same as in 2008. In terms of uses of cash we will be making a discretionary $1 billion contribution to our pension fund given the adverse impact on our pension assets of the recent market declines. This contribution has about a $640 million impact from a cash standpoint because it is tax deductible.  In addition we intend to spend up to $2.5 billion repurchasing our shares in 2009 subject to market conditions. With that I will turn it back to Indra for some closing comments.  Indra Nooyi  Thanks Richard, thanks John, Massimo, and Mike. In closing we feel good about the way the PepsiCo team delivered in 2008. And in 2009 we will drive growth by aggressively managing the business drivers within our control in order to deliver our top and bottom line commitments.  We intend to do this while continuing to invest for the future. Now there is no doubt that these are challenging times but we are entering the new year cautiously optimistic with a renewed focus, a can do attitude, with a must do sense of responsibility.  With that I would like to open it up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Faucher - JPMorgan John Faucher - JPMorgan One of the things weve heard over the past couple of days is CC, PBG and Coke have reported is that maybe the North American business well it definitely hasnt recovered and I understand youre looking for more of a back half recovery, it at least seems to have stabilized and it doesnt appear to be getting any worse so can you comment on that relative to what weve been hearing from your bottler and the [red] system, and then also reading through the press release it looks as though you had a bit of an inventory draw down that hurt the Q4 numbers on the North American beverage side, should we expect a bit of that to reverse in the first quarter.  Indra Nooyi  I think given the economic environment and given the changes in consumer spending patterns, its very hard to make a call and say that the market is bottomed out our has not bottomed out, I think we have to take every month as it comes and watch and see what happens over the first couple of quarters because its the overall economy that is going to impact consumer buying patterns. Lets just take a period at a time.  And the second thing is when you are refreshing 1200 SKUs you are going to have some disruption in the system because people hold off ordering waiting for the new products to come in. So clearly we saw some of that towards the back half of Q4 and well probably see some of that in Q1 too because were still in the process of changing our largest SKUs. I think well start seeing real progress in Q2 and beyond.  Massimo D'Amore  There is the transition to the SKUs as well obviously of the overlap we had on Gatorade business versus the launch of G2 which took place in the last two months of the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank  Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank  I just wanted to briefly, financially did you see any restructuring benefit in the fourth quarter on the expense line and Im wondering how much if any of the restructuring savings youre now thinking about dropping to the bottom line in 2009 and then you gave us the dollars on the pension expense, can you give us any insights into whether or not thats incremental in 2009 versus 2008 and by how much.  Richard Goodman On the pension question we made a contribution to the pension plan because the assets had gone down and we had lost money on the pension plan just like every other pension plan did and so this is really to get us closer to ABO levels and then well get a benefit on the one hand for the inside of the accounting for the pension because we will grow the pension assets based on the increase in assets and on the other hand we obviously have an interest expense line on that.  Indra Nooyi  On the financial benefit from a productivity for growth, the real benefits kick in in 2009 and the savings that flow through 2008 were extremely small.  Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank  In light of the difficult environment are you seeing any increase in anything beyond the normal pipeline activities, bigger deals potentially or more deals and how would you characterize your access to the capital markets right now.  Indra Nooyi  I think companies that are financially solid can still access the financial market. The real thing is the food and beverage industry is doing just fine overall and so in our sector there arent that many deals that are cheap enough to create value. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Farkas  Banc of America   Christine Farkas  Banc of America   Regarding your CapEx the guidance was modestly lowered for 2009 yet you have some big plans for investment overseas, can you talk a bit about those buckets or the offsets in that CapEx number and then on the back of that perhaps on Lebedyansky are there any surprises there. Juices seem a bit tough in some emerging markets could you remind us the strategy there and if in fact that acquisition is expected to be accretive in 2009. Richard Goodman Just to put it in context over the past couple of years CapEx has gone up because weve had higher growth particularly internationally and that volume growth has driven CapEx. Now that volumes are, the growth is a bit lower and domestically clearly slower then weve really pruned back capital spending so at the end of last year we cut capital spending, you saw that our original, as we went into the year we were talking about $2.6, $2.7 billion and we came in closer to $2.3, $2.4 and we would expect that to go back down again by maybe 10% in 2009. Indra Nooyi  The thing to remember is that we are not starving any growth businesses with CapEx. We are being more efficient in the way we procure. We are being judicious in the use of the assets we have on the ground but we want to make sure that you understand that there is no growth business that needs CapEx thats not getting the CapEx that it needs.  Mike White  On the CapEx I think our plan for PI is just slightly south of a billion dollars in CapEx this year and thats well above where we were two or three years ago so were still planning on some aggressive funding, for example those four new plants in China. On Lebedyansky first of all what weve been very pleased with is the breadth of the portfolio. One of the reasons when we acquired it that we were excited is that it had some terrific brands, the Yaw brand which is a beautiful premium product as well as [Prevyet] which is a value brand on the other end of the spectrum I think has given us more flexibility to begin to adapt to this environment.  Secondly the team there has been terrific about ripping off best practices. We had them to our plant in Belgium to look at how we do Tropicana in Western Europe and they immediately went back and implemented a bunch of waste reduction techniques. Thats one of the strengths in Russia, you can command things pretty quickly.  Certainly we werent planning for the currency to devalue by 30% or 40% in the short period of time that we faced and that is certainly put pressure on our gross margins because a lot of the juice is from concentrate and imported from overseas. But weve got a pretty talented team thats already looking for ways to reengineer some things. I would say the export business has been a little soft as well but Im still very optimistic. This is a terrific company for the long run for PepsiCo. It has a great team of people, it has a great infrastructure with capability to make a wide range of juices and great brands, and juice is still a core category in Russia.  So well certainly see some challenges on the gross margin line that were working our way through and the currency certainly was different then we expected but frankly Ive been very pleasantly surprised with the quality of the team and the quality of the operations that weve got and I guess the other upside surprise is were finding more ways to leverage the power of one.  Keep in mind were working together with PBG, our bottler in Russia who also distributes snacks and so we think theres some additional go to market opportunities for us to leverage and then were accelerating those plans in this tough environment. And our juice business there is off to a great start this year.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS  Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS  In emerging markets I believe your snacks business SKUs a bit more away from home versus at home, can you talk about some of the trends in these regions and if youre seeing similar shifts to at home consumption and what you might be doing to address it. Can you also give an update on what you are seeing in US C store trends as it relates to Frito.  John Compton  As we reported our business remains strong there. On a full year basis South America continued to grow 4% in total and very strong profit growth there. Around the shift from the up and down the street business to more of a grocery centric business we havent seen that shift occur. In fact its actually shifting a bit back the other way. Thats why were so conscious of the absolute price point and any time we tend to take pricing in those businesses, we tend to do it through wait outs and our unit growth has remained strong.  Weve also been focused on new categories to go target and in South America we have big success underway in Argentina with a product called Twistos which target sort of the wheat bread market and its up to 8% of our revenues in that market. So South America overall continues to perform very well.  In C stores as weve talked about in the beverage business, C store traffic has been down. Our Frito-Lay business has remained fairly strong. We grew again in 2008, not as fast as our overall average but it did grow. I think our revenue growth was around 4% to 5% so were pleased with what weve seen in C stores despite the difficult traffic questions that the channel has faced.  Mike White  I think looking at both Eastern Europe, Russia, and Middle East, Africa, and Asia Id say pretty much the same thing. Its primarily a single serve business sold in small mom and pop stores and I really havent seen any shift in that regard to a big organized trade move but frankly again our emerging market snacks business has just been a terrific strength in the portfolio. Fourth quarter Russia was up 17%, South Africa was up mid teens, Middle East was up double-digits, in both Egypt and Saudi Arabia, China was up 17%, really across the board our snacks business continues to be I would say robust.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Torres - HSBC  Lauren Torres - HSBC  Talking about these great double-digit growth rates be it in snacks and beverages, in markets like China and India and Russia, what are your thoughts on the sustainability of these growth rates concerning the market conditions, I think you have a great platform but can you talk about consumer trends, how consumers are behaving, how they offset this and keep those growth rates as high as they are.  Mike White  Im not Pollyannaish about the external environment. We had some pluses in China with Chinese New Year moving forward that I think account for some of the growth that we had in the fourth quarter and its important to keep those in mind. I would tell you that our plans for 2009 have been very disciplined. When we put our planning process together in November, in October, I met with my teams and we said were going to plan volume conservatively so I do think we are seeing challenges in many of these markets. We shouldnt ignore that. But I would say to you that I continue to see growth in the snacks and its pretty much across the board as I look at it.  Im not in any way suggesting were going to see the kind of growth rates we saw in the first part of last year. I dont believe we will but frankly I continue to see very good growth rates in all of these emerging markets and it looks pretty sustainable to me. Snacks is still a treat and weve reengineered our single serve products to stay within a good attractive price point for consumers and weve got some good innovation for the year as well.  Weve been very disciplined in our planning process and I dont think one can ignore the external environment. I do think in countries like India they will hold up better then most, the banking system is broader, you dont have lots of credit cards or mortgage and things like that. We will see some probably some challenges in China as exports slow. So Im not in any way suggesting well see the kind of growth rates we had in first quarter of last year but still our fourth quarter numbers were terrific and I have to tell you the reports Ive got from the field for first quarter are still solid in terms of the emerging market growth rates. Lauren Torres - HSBC You still see some good pricing opportunities.  Mike White  On snacks were pretty good about knowing how to change the bag size in order to hit a price point if we have to, I think thats a real skill in the snacks business globally. Then we kind of get little smart ideas like the money in the bag promotion John talked about in Sabritas that weve done before in other markets and probably will be looking at as well for later this year. I think weve got a lot of ways to manage the economics of that business.  Indra Nooyi  All of us have sort of a pretty good pulse on the marketplace. Mike and John in terms of managing their businesses and Massimo watch their markets all the time. Every month about 20 countries send me a report which is not really macroeconomic statistics but really whats happening on the ground in terms of shopper behavior. And this allows us to really have good intelligence on the marketplace in each of these key markets and because of the power of the DSD system that we talked about we can actually put in remedial actions very quickly. So the snacks business more then anything else I think we feel very comfortable about.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg  Stifel Nicolaus  Mark Swartzberg  Stifel Nicolaus  I was hoping that you could give more granularity, kind of a report card on Mexico specifically what youre seeing not only broadly from a consumer behavior and retailer perspective but for each of the three businesses there and then could you focus on the UK and give us a report card on what youre seeing and your outlook there.  John Compton  As you know we have a very strong business with Sabritas in the salty snack business and then we have the leading cookie and cracker business with Gamesa. So as consumers look for value they will often move between these two categories and fortunately we have leadership positions in both. Obviously Gamesa on a Peso per kilo basis is a better value then Sabritas so when people move were actually okay with that decision because were largely margin indifferent when they make that choice. And were very conscious about how we put our plans together and the Gamesa had a very strong 2008 and it continues to have strength in the early part of 2009. So we have seen a bit of a slowdown on the consumer confidence side in Mexico as you might imagine. The [remittance] from the United States are down, the GDP in Mexico is slowing but our business overall continues to perform well.  Mike White  In terms of the UK as well, Im just so proud of the team there, Walkers in particular had a terrific fourth quarter. Volume was off 1%, revenues and profits were up significantly. First quarter is off to a great start, actually were seeing kilo growth in the first quarter so far. We had record high market share in the month of January. I would say Pepsi Max in the UK was up double-digits last year and continues strong this year. Clearly the Tropicana business were having to do some reengineering of the cost structure but even there we continue to see modest volume growth so we are seeing volume growth and share growth with the Tropicana business but weve got some work to do on the gross margins of that business because of the weakness of the Pound relative to both the Euro and the dollar with the juice coming in from overseas.  Thats the one challenge weve got in the UK but my goodness our Quaker business with all the snow theyve had there is flying off the shelves and so again, in Pounds, local currency were really rock solid with that business which Ive been really pleased to see and all of our pricing is in the marketplace so we dont have any further pricing we have to take. Were watching private label carefully but as I said Walkers hit record share numbers in the month of January.  The do us a flavor promotion that weve got in the market right now is doing very well.  Mark Swartzberg  Stifel Nicolaus  Could we ask Massimo to tell us a bit of beverages in more detail in Mexico.  Massimo D'Amore  First of all the economic trends of the ones that John described and in this environment we continue to do well with our Gatorade business. Our Gatorade market share as you know is above 80% in Mexico and it is really a cornerstone of our efforts there and you also know that PBG executed a significant restructuring of their business in Mexico during the quarter so this is now behind us and we are much better position for next year.  Mark Swartzberg  Stifel Nicolaus  And carbonated I guess its challenging and any comments on carbonated.  Massimo D'Amore  Well thats what I was addressing with the PBG restructuring, the environment is challenging. In this environment we know that private labels grow so we have put in place together with PBG a very effective price pack architecture but at the same time the cost base of PBG has been reduced because they implemented the big restructuring in quarter four.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs   Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs   On Frito-Lay North America and clearly trends have been pretty healthy from a revenue and profit perspective but maybe if you can speak to the volume trends a bit more fourth quarter being down 1%, some of this is obviously wait out driven, and the dollar share has been pretty healthy but the scan data does seem to show that the volume share has been under a bit of pressure, can you speak to the value proposition of Frito versus some of the regional private label players and how we should think about 2009 in that context.  Indra Nooyi  I just want to talk a bit about Frito-Lay North America, I think Frito-Lay North America had a simply outstanding year in 2008 and has opened the year with a big bang. And it performed fantastic on the top and bottom line in spite of the highest commodity inflation ever and the way they managed their price pack architecture, the way they manage their market presence has been simply spectacular so I want you to know that.  John Compton  As you know in the fourth quarter we had, as youre seeing in the [ROI] data weve had almost 15% price per volume flowing through our P&L as we were lapping the highest commodity inflation that we were going to have during the course of the year. We will see that again through sort of January and February and then as that commodity cost starts to mitigate a bit for us we immediately start to return to put pounds back into the bags.  And that will hit the market mid March to early April. As I said earlier we will begin to see the volume growth return in the second quarter, I would expect north of 1% and it will grow faster then that in Q3 and Q4. Clearly as we enter 2010 its our expectation that commodities will be deflationary to some degree and the normal algorithm that weve all come to expect will return to that business. And I could not be more pleased with the business overall.  We do watch as you know share daily and weekly and were very optimistic and were doing much better relative to regional competition. Private label in the last two or three reported periods has done well but relative to our regional competitors weve done very well. So Im pleased overall with the Frito-Lay business and Im very optimistic about 2009.   Indra Nooyi  Let me just close this call by leaving you with five things, first PepsiCo, the overall portfolio is resilient and it works. Second PepsiCo delivered a great 2008. Third PepsiCo is cautiously optimistic about 2009. Fourth we have stressed tested our operating model and believe we have provided prudent guidance for 2009 but our long-term guidance is still in tact. And fifth, we have a competent and tested team to these volatile times.  So with this, thank you for joining our call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Nathenson - Vice President, Investor Relations Indra Nooyi - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Goodman - Chief Financial Officer Mike White - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo International John Compton - Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo D'Amore - Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Americas Beverages
Analysts: John Faucher - J.P. Morgan Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc. Lauren Torres - HSBC
Operator:  Welcome to PepsiCo's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Mike Nathenson, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Mike Nathenson:  Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our PepsiCo.com website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance. You should refer to the Investor section of PepsiCo's website at www.PepsiCo.com under the heading PepsiCo Financial Press Releases to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts.  Just one housekeeping item: During today's call, our references to core EPS growth exclude the one-time tax benefit recorded in the third quarter of last year as well as marked-to-market gains or losses on commodity positions included in corporate unallocated expenses in both this year's and last year's third quarter. Also, all references to core EPS guidance exclude any commodity marked-to-market impact as well as Productivity for Growth costs.  This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, and Richard Goodman, PepsiCo's CFO. Also, after our prepared remarks, the following executives will be available to answer questions during the Q&A session: John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods, Massimo D'Amore, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Beverages, and Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International. With that I will turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: I know that all of you have had a chance to review the press release we issued this morning, and on this call we will be focusing our remarks in five key areas, which should leave ample time for a robust Q&A session. So let me outline the key points and cover each of them in more detail. First, we had solid business results for most of our portfolio. PepsiCo International and PepsiCo Americas Foods performed very well, and they did so in the context of a challenging and volatile macroeconomic environment. As we'd indicated on prior calls, the third quarter represented our most difficult commodity cost comparison versus prior year, and so it is especially encouraging to see solid volume growth in our Snacks businesses around the world, which reflects clearly the strength of our brand, the positive impact of innovation and the successful execution of our price pack strategies. We also saw strong performance across both our Snack and Beverage portfolios in key developing markets. The second point I'd like to make to you is that our North American Beverage business was soft, reflecting in large measure category challenges. Regaining growth is a major priority for us, and I'll be talking in a few minutes about the actions we are taking. Third, no news to you but the macroeconomic climate is turbulent and there are uncertainties and volatility in every part of the environment. The constants, however, are the basic strength of our business model, our terrific management team, and our ability to execute at the [inaudible] level. We will be agile in our planning and in our operations. Fourth, we are implementing a Productivity for Growth initiative which we expect will produce $1.2 billion in pre-tax savings over the next three years. This will enable us to invest in our businesses, to further improve our competitiveness and to give us breathing room to respond to changes in the marketplace. And fifth and most importantly, we continue to have robust free cash flow, which provides a sound financial base for us at a time when the financial markets are uncertain.  So let me go into detail on each one, turning first to Q3.  PepsiCo International delivered solid performance in Q3, while lapping 20% revenue growth in the prior year period. PI's diverse brand portfolio continued to benefit from growing demand across most markets outside the Americas despite significant pricing actions to offset the impact of commodity cost increases. Revenue increased 20% and operating profit increased 18%.  Growth across the Middle East, Africa, Asia segment was broad based, with revenue up 22% and operating profit up 18%. Snack volume increased 9%, led by high teens growth in the Middle East and double-digit growth in China and India. On the Beverages side, volume increased 10%, driven by a combination of mid-teens growth in China, double-digit growth in the Middle East, and high single-digit growth in India.  In the U.K.-Europe segment, PI performed well despite increased inflation, macroeconomic challenges, and unseasonably cool weather during the summer months which particularly impacted Beverage results. Revenue and operating profit each grew 17%, benefiting in part from the weaker dollar.  The soft spot in Q3 was Beverages. The U.K.-Europe volume growth of 13% entirely reflects the benefit of two acquisitions - Sandora, a Ukrainian juice business, and the expansion of the Pepsi-Lipton joint venture in Europe. Excluding M&A activity, volume was down slightly, with a mid single-digit increase in the U.K. entirely offset by category softness across the continent and Russia, in part related to poor summer weather. Note however that in September we saw an improvement in volume as volume in the U.K.-Europe segment was up high single digits on an organic basis.  Snack volume in Q3 was largely in line with expectations and reflected visual pricing and rate hours across the category to address inflationary pressures. Snack volume grew 4% on an apples-to-apples basis, excluding a calendar reporting change in Iberia that excluded about three weeks of performance versus the year ago period. Russia led the segment with high teens growth. Overall, Q3 was a good quarter for PI and at the end of the quarter PI closed with its [Marvel] Snack acquisition in Serbia and it's [Lebidionski] juice acquisition in Russia. We will report the financial performance of these two businesses in Q4.  Let me now turn to PepsiCo Americas Foods, where revenue was up 12% and profits were up 9%. FritoLay North America Snack brand grew volume 1.5% even as we realized net price increases from rate hours and visual pricing to offset inflation. Revenue growth of 9% was broad based. In addition to growing across all major brands, FritoLay North America sales also increased across all retail channels and gained dollar market share in major channels in the savory snack category.  We are pleased with the brand equity and pricing power of our brands, with consumer response to our pricing coming in about where we expected. In Q3 we fully realized our 2008 pricing initiatives for the year and, as is customary, we plan to implement another round of judicious pricing in Q4 as we prepare for 2009. Quaker Foods North America experienced significant production and shipment disruptions in the quarter as a result of flooding at the beginning of Q3 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, where a major Quaker plant is located. The extraordinary efforts of our team enabled us to restart production within four weeks and we are not operating at about 85% of capacity, but we were not able to ship some products normally due to Q3, which resulted in volume and revenue declines versus prior year. Nevertheless, productivity was up 7% in the quarter, largely because we received business disruption insurance payments related to the flooding.  Latin America Foods reported revenue growth of 23% and profit growth of 22%. Organic revenue growth was driven by net price realization, both in the form of rate hour and visual pricing across all of our businesses.  Let me now turn to PepsiCo Americas Beverages. It's clear that this business is not performing where we would like it to be, in large part because the economic slowdown continues to pressure the North American Liquid Refreshment Beverage category. In major channels category volume was down 3% and overall category revenues were flat, in part as a result of significant discounting in unflavored water.  The CNG channel remains soft, with consumer shopping and items purchased per trip both down and beverages have been particularly hard hit. In this environment, CAB volumes declined 2.5%, reflecting a 4% decrease in North America, partially offset by an increase in Latin American beverages. Net revenue was flat for the quarter and operating profit declined 11% largely due to a combination of higher input costs, particularly higher fuel costs, deleverage from the soft volume, and expenses related to the implementation of SAP.  Now revitalizing this business is a huge priority for us, and I want to assure you that over the past several months we have been busy at this and we have lined up initiatives we're going to launch in 2009. We have completely revamped every aspect of the brand composition for our key CSD brands - how they look, how they are packaged, how they will be merchandised on the shelves, and how they connect with consumers. You will see more over the next few weeks, and I think you're going to be very impressed. We are initiating similar upgrades for the entire Gatorade line, which will have an entirely new contemporary identity. And there'll be exciting innovation for both G2 and Tiger and a renewed Propel platform. Tropicana will also be differentiated, enabling us to reengage consumers with this iconic brand. And we will be supporting all of this activity with increased investment in innovation and A&M, using savings from the Productivity for Growth initiatives that we announced this morning. It is our belief that, especially in this economic downturn, we should be investing in the category to get consumers to stay with and some to return to the packaged Liquid Refreshment Beverage category and to our brands in particular. This is the beginning of a multi-faceted effort to restore growth and profitability to the North American Beverage business. It will take a little while to realize all the benefits of these changes, but I'm confident that you will see significant progress during the course of 2009.  So overall, solid results for most of the PepsiCo portfolio in Q3, particularly given the challenging macroeconomic situation and commodity cost overlaps. And please note that our guidance for the full year implies currency neutral high single-digit divisional operating profit growth in Q4.  I'd now like to take a couple of minutes to provide our perspective on the macroeconomic environment and its impact on our business outlook going forward. The incredible turmoil we've seen in the financial and commodity markets over the past month has given us a vivid reminder that the world is in a very uncertain place right now. We are uncertain about how the global economic situation may evolve, how it will differentially impact countries, how the Forex markets will move, and ultimately how consumers around the world will respond as they digest these events. The impact of all of this is now as much about Main Street as it is about Wall Street, as consumers in many parts of the world are indeed feeling the pressure. One of the trends we're noticing is that the impacts are not uniform. In the Mid East and eastward, growth continues to be robust and our expectation is that it will remain so. The absolute growth rates may come down as the developed economies slow, but their GDP growth differential [inaudible] for the developed countries will probably remain at the mid to high single digits.  Turning to our neighbors in the south, Mexico is expected to increasingly feel the impact of the slower U.S. economy, and the rest of Latin America is beginning to feel the pressures, too. East Europe's outlook is mixed, and you're all aware of the unfavorable outlook for GDP in both the U.S. and the Euro zone.  Now, we do not control these macroeconomic forces, and our portfolio is not immune to their impacts. But at PepsiCo we are confident in the fundamentals of our business model, in the agility of our people, and in our ability to execute on the ground in each country in which we operate. We are able to drive growth in the categories in which we participate in. We provide simple pleasures at affordable prices to consumers across the world. And consistent with our experience during the last two economic downturns in the U.S., as consumers economize by eating more at home they tend, for the most part, to consume more of our products, particularly snacks. In addition, in many parts of the world per capita consumption of our products is still relatively low, which gives us the opportunity to drive sales ahead of GDP growth. Our wide product portfolio within our categories and our broad geographic footprint helps us balance out the ups and downs in any given market. And even as the economic turmoil progresses, we are seeing our business maintain its volume momentum with consumers around the world. Overall volumes for September, for example, were pretty consistent with what we've been experiencing all year. For all these positives, there is no certainty about how this current economic crisis will play out. While we are quietly confident about our ability to execute, we are being sober in our planning. For the last several months we've been looking across all our businesses to ensure we're doing everything we can to enhance our operating agility and financial flexibility.  A major outcome of our detailed work is the Productivity for Growth program. It's a broad-based set of initiatives that cuts across the entire company with the objective of improving cost competitiveness, simplifying decision-making, and upgrading and streamlining our product portfolio. We expect it will produce pre-tax savings of more than $1.2 billion over the next three years, enabling us to make significant investments in our future growth.  A primary focus is investment in our North American Beverage business, in A&M, to support the restaging of our key brands, and in stepped up product, package and process innovation. We will also be investing to drive additional growth in key developing markets across the world in both Snacks and Beverages. We're also making targeted marketplace investments to further secure our competitive position in developed Snack markets. And we're increasing our investments in R&D, with particular focus on long-term bets and innovation to sustain our long-term growth.  Taken together, these actions are intended to position the business for success into the future in support of our long-term strategies. It will also enable us to better handle the marketplace surprises that are inevitable in this volatile environment. I also want to emphasize that in our planning for 2009 we have a focus on balancing premium product innovations with a corresponding emphasis on our value offerings. We are maintaining a finger on the pulse of our consumers' reality and we will not allow private label or discount brands to exploit this economic downturn at our expense. You know, there's nothing normal about what we are seeing in the economy or in the markets. Whatever volatility in commodities, whatever uncertainty in the credit markets and financial markets, whatever uncertainty in consumer behavior we have seen for the first three quarters, it simply pales in comparison with the gyrations that we've experienced globally over the past couple of weeks.  We normally talk about the coming year's guidance on the fourth quarter call at the beginning of February. Advancing the timing given the current turbulent conditions is simply not prudent. There is no clear base for forecasting currencies, the impact of the evolving financial crisis on GDP growth rates, or the effect of all of this will have on consumer spending patterns.  Please make no mistake, however. We have full confidence in the fundamentals of our business, the capabilities of our exceptional management teams across the globe, and most importantly, the breathing room we have created for ourselves with our Productivity for Growth initiative. We are working with the highest level of urgency on the things we can control and leveraging PepsiCo's operational agility to succeed in this changing environment. The steps we are taking will position the business to maintain our competitive in the near term and to sustain leading performance over the long term. With that let me turn it over to Richard.
Richard Goodman:  Indra has covered the line of business results, and so let me focus on the below the line items, provide some additional information about our Productivity for Growth initiative, and discuss cash flow.  As we have previously discussed, our approach to commodity coverage has evolved over the past year to provide increased predictability in our cost structure for the coming year which enables us to proactively manage our pricing and price pack architectures so they work well with consumers as well as retailers. That approach means we have higher levels of coverage for next year than we would have had in the past. Most of our purchases receive hedge accounting treatment. The forward coverage that does not is largely related to energy, and we have to mark those positions to market each quarter.  In Q2 we reported marked-to-market gains of $61 million as energy prices significantly increased. This quarter we reported marked-to-market losses of $176 million as energy prices reversed course. This marked-to-market loss compares to a $29 million loss in the previous year for a net change of $147 million versus last year.  Let me remind you that over the duration of our contracts the marked-to-market impact on corporate costs nets out to zero, with hedging impacts ultimately reflected in division cost of goods sold. That's why we focus our discussion and our guidance on EPS and EPS growth, excluding the impact of marked-to-market in both the current and prior year. We believe this provides a better perspective on our ongoing business performance. Setting marked-to-market aside, other corporate unallocated costs were up $19 million, primarily due to higher investments in R&D and the company's global SAP implementation.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 25.9%. That was down 150 basis points versus last year's comparable rate of 27.4%, a rate the excludes $115 million one-time tax benefit related to the favorable resolution of certain foreign tax matters which we reported in last year's third quarter. We expect a 2008 full year tax rate of about 27%.  Turning now to cash flow I want to emphasize PepsiCo's ability to generate cash. Cash provided by operating activities is expected to be approximately $7.3 billion and capital expenditures about $2.5 billion excluding the Productivity for Growth costs. Our management operating cash flow is expected to be $4.8 billion. Clearly, in the current environment we are placing even more emphasis on cash management, both in terms of working capital and capital spending.  I also want to point out that we maintain a strong credit rating - A plus from S&P and Aa2 from Moody's - which is a major asset in the current environment. Our commercial paper is A1-P1 and it has continued trading very well even amidst the turmoil of the past several weeks. Through the end of the third quarter we repurchased $4.2 billion of our shares. As a result, our weight average diluted share count declined by 3.5%. Given the volatility in the credit markets, it is prudent to maintain financial flexibility, and so any further repurchases during the balance of the year will depend on our assessment of market conditions. Turning to Productivity for Growth, total one-time charges in Q4 are expected to be between $550 million and $600 million, of which about 60% are cash and 40% non-cash. The effort is across the globe. Of the charges, approximately 45% relate to our North American Beverage business, 25% to North America Snacks and Foods, 25% to our International businesses, both PI and in the Americas, and the balance at corporate.  To improve cost competitiveness, PepsiCo Americas Beverage is improving its capacity utilization and distribution efficiency by aligning North Americas hot fill capacity. PAF is continuing to focus on supply chain efficiency and superior execution through plant rationalization and equipment upgrades. And to simplify decision-making, PepsiCo Americas Beverages is creating a unified beverage structure to eliminate redundancy and increase spans of control. PepsiCo International is continuing to evolve the organizational structure to empower regional leadership. Over the past five years our global employee base has increased from about 142,000 to over 185,000 employees as our businesses have expanded. Our productivity actions will result in the elimination of about 3,300 positions, with the impact felt across all of our business segments globally. Relative to its employee base, a higher proportion of managerial positions versus plant and other supply chain related positions will be eliminated as we move to streamline decision-making. Productivity for Growth is expected to generate pre-tax savings of about $350 to $400 million in 2009 and a cumulative pre-tax total of over $1.2 billion over the next three years. In total, the Productivity for Growth enhancements will enable us to invest in our businesses, as Indra described earlier, and also maintain the flexibility we will need in the current environment. We are confident that these initiatives will position the business for sustainable long-term growth and that we will benefit disproportionately when the market turns. We have established a program management office to ensure that the individual initiatives are flawlessly executed, that we embed the organizational changes quickly, and that we realize all of the anticipated savings in the appropriate timeframes. As you may remember, we were very successful in doing all of this during the Quaker integration and we have every confidence we can do so again. One final word on the 2008 guidance, full year 2008 guidance. The dramatic appreciation of the U.S. dollar versus just about every currency in the world will have an adverse impact on our Q4 results. At current spot rates, that translates to a potential $0.04 to $0.05 downside in our prior full year 2008 core EPS guidance of $3.72. We do continue to expect full year volumes of between 3% and 5% and low double-digit net revenue growth, including acquisitions and Forex. And please note as Indra mentioned that our guidance for the full year implied currency neutral high single-digit division operating profit growth in Q4.  With that let me turn it back to Indra. 
Indra Nooyi:  Thanks, Richard, and before I open it up for questions let me just reprise my opening comments. Both PepsiCo Americas Foods and PepsiCo International delivered solid performance in Q3 in a very challenging environment. We are taking major actions to restore the vitality of our North American Beverage business. We believe the macroeconomic environment will continue to be challenging, but we have confidence in our basic business model and our ability to navigate through turbulent times. Productivity for Growth will give us the ability to invest in key areas and providing breathing room in this uncertain environment, and our businesses continue to generate strong cash flow.  PepsiCo remains a great operating company and our biggest assets are the strength of our brands, our go to market capabilities, and the enthusiasm and talent of our associates across the globe. We know what needs to get done.  We'll be glad to open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Faucher - J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan:  So a quick question on the long-term impact of the restructuring program. As you look at the extra investment that you're getting, you know, how shall we look at this relative to the organic top line growth you guys have been delivering over the past couple of years? And it sounds like it's mostly going to be investment in the short term. Should we expect a big ramp up in investment in '09 and then maybe a little bit more leverage off that higher level of investment as we look out over the next two or three years? 
Indra Nooyi: You know, we are - as we mentioned, a lot of the saving from Productivity for Growth is going to go into North America Beverages, selected investments in key developing markets, and then Snacks in developed markets from marketplace investments and then R&D.  Now, when we talk about investments in North America Beverages, you start seeing of these benefits, especially in the second half of 2009 because we have to make the investments and it takes a couple of quarters before they start really working their way through the system. So you should start seeing the benefits in the second half of 2009. In the case of developing market initiatives, these are not one-year bets we are making. We are reinvesting to grow our non-core positions in certain developing markets and that's going to again take the second half of 2009, 2010 before they really play out. Our increased investment in R&D, especially our big bets, right now the little that we invested in 2008 is showing great promise and that's why we are stepping up our investments. I don't believe you'll see the benefit of that increased R&D savings - I'm sorry, investment - in 2009, but I think if things turn out the way we think they're going to turn out, starting about 2010 you should start seeing some of the benefits from this reinvestment.  Again, a lot of this is subject to how the economic situation plays out, but we are doing our part and we feel comfortable that if the economic situation improves you should see a big ramp up in our own performance.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan:  Richard, you talked about an acceleration in divisional operating profit for Q4 which you guys had kind of hinted at when you gave your conference call after Q2. So if we look at it $0.02 below consensus this quarter, $0.04 to $0.05 from currency implies sort of a $0.06 to $0.07 reduction, yet you're only taking the full year down by $0.04 to $0.05. So it seems like your expectations for the fourth quarter, at least relative to consensus, are higher. So what drives the confidence that you can accelerate the organic divisional operating profit number.
Richard Goodman: That's a good question, John. We don't govern the consensus. We had indicated on a prior call that we expected Q3 to be lower and Q4 to be higher, and excluding the impacts of the recent changes in the currency, that's where we would have been. And so if you actually just simply do the math, you wind up with currency neutral high single-digit LOB growth, and that's what we have been expecting all along to take place. So the only real change in our guidance has been the change in the Forex, and we expected Q3 to be lower and Q4 to be more robust. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS:  First it seems Beverages are a lot more economically sensitive than your Food businesses. Can you maybe offer some thoughts on why you think that is and then also what your expectations are for overall LRB growth in North America assuming a normal economic environment?
Indra Nooyi: You know, we talked about this in our last call and I think the situation's exactly the same. In North America in particular, Beverages is a much more penetrated category than Snacks, and so what we are seeing is really the fact that it's so well penetrated some pullback.  I think the second reason Liquid Refreshment Beverages are impacted is because there's a free substitute called tap water which doesn't exist for snacks, and that's why you're seeing the Beverage category more impacted than the Snacks category.  Now coming to your second question in terms of projection, the normal growth rate that we expect for LRB given population growth rates should be somewhere between like a 0.8% to 1.5%. That's what we would expect the LRB category to grow. The last 12 to 18 months have unprecedented. For all the measuring peers we've had in this category, we've never seen a decline. This is the first time we're seeing a decline, and it's very hard to predict from the trough what the shape of this category is going to be.  But since we are such a large portion of the category, we're going to do our part. We're going to reinvest heavily in this category. We're going to give people a reason to come back to the category or stay in the category by providing more interest, more excitement in this Liquid Refreshment Beverage category and that's really what we're going to do in 2009. Based on everything that we've done so far that we've shared with our bottlers, we feel very, very optimistic about what 2009 could bring.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: And Richard, a quick one for you. It looks like receivable days and inventory days have gone up quite a bit versus last year. If you could just offer what's behind that?
Richard Goodman: We had some, if you go through the statistics, we had some timing issues. Some of our international businesses actually wound up closing on a Sunday, which changed some of the patterns. So we did have both payables and receivables - payables and receivables both went up slightly. So I think almost all of the changes that we saw this quarter really are simply timing changes. There were some VAT things. There were some other things that were really temporary stuff that we would expect to - that we know that will actually reverse in Q4 and we should see much more normal levels then.
Indra Nooyi: And having said that, Kaumil, you know, in response to the current environment, we have refreshed our controls on capital spending, working capital, so the entire company is focused tremendously on making sure that we manage every element of the cash flow very, very carefully.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  A question on pricing. Indra, you were quite clear about volumes and volume patterns around the world, but in looking at the top line and stripping our currency, there's a couple of regions that to me are unclear whether or not pricing was successful. Clearly Frito-Lay and Quaker Foods and even Middle East Africa appears to have gotten some good pricing. Can you comment on Latin America and the U.K. or any other regions and how those trends are shaping up, both in the third quarter and going forward?
Indra Nooyi: Mike, you want to take U.K., and then John, maybe you can talk Latin America?
Mike White:  Sure. Good morning, Christine. Actually the U.K. has been terrific. I mean, we had solid low single-digit volume growth in the quarter and our revenue growth in local currency grew well ahead of that. And so we've had a lot of revenue management strategies in place to get more productivity out of trade spending in the U.K., and we've been very successful at that this year. So actually in terms of revenue flow through in the U.K., we were fine. The issue in the U.K. is just the magnitude of the commodity cost impact has impacted our profit results just a tad in the quarter. But actually we're right in line with expectation and I couldn't be more pleased. We had a very strong summer with the Brit Trips promotion in the U.K. from a top line standpoint.
John Compton:  Yes, Christine, this is John. In Latin America, the two big countries - Mexico and Brazil - we were able to get our pricing through. The rising commodities relative to our pricing were fairly much in balance. In Chile, Venezuela and Colombia, the inflation stacked up pretty quickly and we weren't able to price as fast in the quarter as we had hoped, but we've not since corrected that.  So it was really just those three markets within all of Latin America that had an impact on us.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And if I can follow up with a question, Richard, on SAP. There was a comment about SAP costs hitting the profit growth at PepsiCo Americas Beverages, I believe. Is that done now in the quarter?
Richard Goodman:  Well, I think the - what we saw as we begin to implement the modules from SAP then the amortization costs and the running costs transfer from being a corporate cost, development cost, to being an actual operating cost. And we're seeing that as the roll out in all of the - in both PepsiCo Americas Beverages as well as in the Quaker, Trop and Gatorade businesses. Those costs are beginning to hit the P&L. So in 2009 you saw the first impacts of those costs. The good news is that the SAP implementation has been doing extremely well. The execution has been really basically flawless, both with our customers and internally as well. But yes, the costs are beginning to hit.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And there's no way to quantify for us what kind of margin, how many basis points we might see due to that SAP amortization?
Richard Goodman: No. I mean, I think it's - we're don't want to get into that level, but it did obviously begin to delever the P&L slightly in those businesses. At the same time, we're increasingly being able to get the benefits of those both on the top line and in other parts of the middle of the P&L.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley:  My question is on the '09 cost outlook, which I know is highly uncertain. But you had mentioned on the last conference call that you had some meaningful coverage in place for '09 so when we look at the first half of '09, is it reasonable to expect mid to high single-digit input cost inflation? And then you had said that a majority of the savings are going to be reinvested, so should we assume you'll take incremental pricing to cover 100% of that input cost inflation or will some of the productivity savings be used to help offset that?
Richard Goodman: Bill, yes. Your assumption is correct. We have been taking, as I mentioned, we have been lengthening out our coverage and so we have a good deal of coverage in place both in the United States and outside of the United States for 2009, obviously more in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year, so we will have inflation during the course of the year. We haven't yet finalized on exactly what that amount is because we don't have all the coverage. But yes, that will be the case, and we will be taking pricing starting at the end of the fourth quarter in order to be able to offset the inflation. What you wind up really with the inflation is it's sort of like it's a rolling inflation. Some of the benefits that we had from early purchases in 2008 were favorable - that we had done in 2007 - helped us cushion 2008. Some of the purchasing that we're now will impact us in 2009. But by the second half of the year we should be sort of being closer to market, if you will.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: So then just two follow ups on that. So the big fall we've seen in some of these commodities would be more flow through your P&L in the second half of '09?  And then just on the pricing, do you worry about, in something like the Snack category with the weak consumer, any regional snack companies and more discount brands taking share as you roll through that extra pricing? 
Indra Nooyi: Yes, Bill, one of the things we mentioned on the script was we will watch private label and regional competitors very, very carefully. And one of the reasons we wanted to keep some breathing room in our Productivity for Growth savings is to be able to reinvest in the value equation if we ever felt that that was going out of kilter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities:  A question relative to the implications to long-term growth objectives. I guess you strip out the volatility in the economy and in commodities and foreign exchange for a minute, assuming that the long-term growth objectives haven't changed, is the primary objective here to sustain the growth in international and stabilize the slide in profitability in the Americas? As we're kind of watching the effectiveness of this and we're looking to be able to mark whether or not the long-term growth objectives are still intact, is that the right way to think about it? Is the primary objective to improve profitability in North America?
Indra Nooyi: The long-term objective of our company remains unchanged, Bryan, just to repeat what you said. And there's nothing in our portfolio that indicates that that long-term objective needs to change.  Let's just come back. In the past the reason the portfolios worked very well is because if there's been a problem in one part of the portfolio, something else has picked up the slack. And that's why this combination of Beverages and Snacks, investments across developing and developed markets, has all worked very well. And I don't believe that that's going to change going forward.  What we're doing right is we're seeing an incredible opportunity to streamline our internal operations, to reinvest, one, to revitalize this North America Beverage business, because we're one of the largest players in that business, but more importantly, we are seeing opportunities in developing markets that we think we ought to invest in now. We are finding ways to double down investments in developed markets in Snacks, but more importantly we're seeing promising areas in R&D that we believe now is the time to invest in. So a lot of the productivity program is to reinvest offensively as much as it is defensively. So overall, the portfolio is still working. The long-term objective remains unchanged. And we just want to make sure the portfolio works the way we want it to, and we want to make sure that we create the breathing room to be able to cover any challenges that happen because of macroeconomic volatility.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities: And then as a follow up, just as we're looking over the medium term without really knowing how the volatility in the economy and commodities, how long it'll last, is the objective internally different now in terms of - are we looking at targets that will be sort of excluding those items or somehow just looking at maybe different growth objectives than the long-term growth objective given the volatility?
Indra Nooyi: Well, you know, that's a tough question, Bryan, because what we do every year, let's take FX for example. We set goals for - the plans that are set for next year, budget numbers, are set based on some number that we think the FX rates are going to settle at the next year, and everybody goes off and does their planning based on some forecast of FX rates. But if FX rates, you know, widely vary from those, as it did the last couple or three weeks, you know, it forces us to stop and rethink how we want to manage the year.  And so we pick a number and we engineer the whole company around that number, around that set of numbers, and then we leave ourselves some breathing room for volatility. It's when it goes way beyond that volatility range that we have to stop and ask ourselves the question is it prudent to do something radical to deliver numbers in that extreme volatility? And the answer is no because we're running the company for the long term. You never run a company where you burn the furniture for the short term. That's the wrong thing to do. So that's how we set our plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I hate when furniture burns, so good we're not doing that. My question relates to the chronic weakness in U.S. beverages and specific steps you might take to turn things. I guess, you know, first, any sense that pricing, particularly in take home, may have gone too far and perhaps lower prices are needed to stimulate demand? Do you feel comfortable that the portfolio is where it needs to be? And, if you start to see some benefits on the cost side as a result of lower commodities, how readily can you share those savings with the trade if you felt that you needed to bring down retail prices?
Indra Nooyi: You know, Marc, you ask a great set of questions because you're right in saying that pricing has gone up significantly in North America Beverages. But then don't forget inputs costs have also gone up, so in many ways the bottlers are taking pricing to cover that input cost increase. Now, would we like, as a franchise company, would we like prices for end products to be lower? Of course, we would like it to be lower. But we also have to make sure that the bottlers make a fair return. I think the real challenge for all of us how do we figure out how to make our overall system more efficient by stripping out all of the redundancies and additional costs in the system so we can then take that extra cost and reinvest it back to provide more value. And then, from PepsiCo's perspective, the additional arrow we have in our quiver is how can we leverage our Power of One programs to provide more value to the consumer through some sort of bundled deals, which is what we've done very effectively. So, you know, this is a work in process. And I wouldn't use the word chronic weakness in the U.S. beverages. I'd just say that the U.S. beverage business is going through some interesting times. And as a leader in the business, it behooves us to do our part to figure out how to revitalize it.  Richard, one follow up please. The credit crisis is obviously top of mind for a lot of us. Can you speak to whether or not you, PepsiCo or any of your bottlers are having any challenges there with regards to lines or banks? Do you still feel as though you've got enough dry powder if the right M&A opportunities were to arise?
Richard Goodman: Yes. I mean, in the current circumstance, our commercial paper and that of our bottlers has been trading very, very well. Obviously we have a high credit rating. We have cash in a number of different locations that we can access and we have credit lines as well. So in the current circumstance, neither us or our bottlers has experienced any issues so far.  As far as M&A is concerned, obviously most of the deals that we do are relatively small deals and those are both very attractive and usually very accretive, and we have the ability to continue to do those. And larger deals, you know, we just closed on a very large deal in Russia and have been able to - and that just happened at the beginning of the fourth quarter, and we were able to finance that. So I think we feel pretty good about our ability to maneuver, recognizing that obviously [inaudible] has changed over the last couple of weeks out there, and we'll see how recent bond offerings and other things are going to fare in the marketplace. Hopefully, the intervention that we've just seen from some of the governments to provide liquidity is going to settle the markets and make it easier for all of us.
Indra Nooyi: Yes, but Marc, so far so good. So far we're okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Just going back to Marc's question about your effort to revive the U.S. beverage trends, if I look back at your comment, Indra, about the total LRB category growth outlook, I think you're now expecting growth to be more in line with the population growth rather than getting some lift by shifting from tap water, etc., to a commercial package beverage category. So first, whether that assessment is correct.  Secondly, as you emphasize reviving also your carbonated soft drink part of the business, I'm just wondering sort of your confidence level in increased ANP, kind of, you know, restaging all of your brands, etc., how confident you are that this time around that you are going to actually see improvement in the carbonated soft drink categories as we look out six to 12 months out?
Indra Nooyi: I'll make a couple of points, and Massimo, if you want to add something, please do. You know, Judy, for a couple of years now we've been saying that the underlying growth of the LRB category has come down to population growth. I think the shift from tap water to LRB, that existed when the category was growing 2%, 2.5%, 3%. When the category growth slowed down to 0.8% to 1.2%, 1.3%, that shift from tap water was gone, so it's just population growth, so let's just say that's the underlying category growth rate.  Let's now turn to confidence in CSDs. Let me be clear. CSDs are declining between 3% and 4%, all right? And we're not talking about beginning to have the CSD category grow at 1% or 2%. That's not what we're talking about. We're saying goal one is to stem that decline and make it decline maybe 1% to 2% and then get it to flat. If we did that, that would be enormous because we're talking about a 20 billion 8-ounce case LRB business, of which 10 billion 8case is CSD. Most of the bottler [inaudible] are committed to CSDs. So it's a critical source of productivity and it's very, very important that we don't let the slide get out of hand so that people completely switch out of the assets that are really in the ground.  So what we are trying to do, step one, slow down the decline from down 3% to 4% to down 1% to 2% and then get it to flat. To really get it to grow requires a breakthrough, and we've talked about this many times. We've said CSD is a combination of caffeine, bubbles and sugar. People love the caffeine. People love the bubbles. We have to address the sugar. There are people who like the non-nutritive sweeteners like aspartame in Splenda and there are those that want a natural low-calorie sweetener. Once we have a breakthrough on natural low-calorie sweetener that can be used in colas, we have a reason to talk about this category growing again.  So I think we have to take this in steps. Meanwhile the focus should be on the overall LRB category without taking our eyes off the core CSD business.  Massimo, did you want to add anything?
Massimo D'Amore:  Judy, the only thing I can add to what Indra said about our confidence in reviving CSDs, I can tell you that last week had a major convention with all our bottlers. There were over 500 beverage experts with us. And the overall energy was very positive. Their confidence was very high. And many [drink] people said that they had not seen plans as strong as this for a long time.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: And just following up on that, as you think about, then - I mean, obviously your clear focus is to improve the systemwide profitability, but is there any changes to your thinking in terms of sort of how the profit, systemwide profit gets split up between you guys and the bottlers and whether you're thinking about taking higher concentrate prices up or anything of that sort?
Indra Nooyi: Even if we took up concentrate prices a lot, it's going to go through to bottler pricing increases, volume will go down. This is a loop that continues on. So I think the fact that there's a bottling system and there's a franchise company and both of us are independent is in a funny way a system that keeps the whole beverage business in equilibrium. So we have no issues with the core breakout between the bottling system and the franchise company.  All that we have to do is step one, not fight for a larger share of a shrinking pie or a constant pie, but we have to talk about how increase the pie. Obviously, the elegant way to increase the pie is to grow the volume. But when volume growth is not robust, we have to increase the profit pie so that we can then use the savings to fund higher volume growth. So I think we have to change our mind-set.  And we had a brilliant bottler meeting last week, as Massimo just explained, and we talked about how to increase the profit pool at that last meeting. So I'm optimistic about where we are with our bottlers. We have an outstanding group of bottlers, a great partnership with them, and I think we will make progress in this area. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: And then just my final question. Indra, I think you said in September you saw a better volume growth for some of the international markets in your Beverage business. Can you talk about what you think drove that improvement in September?
Indra Nooyi: Mike, you want to take this?
Mike White:  You know, I think, Judy, as we mentioned in both the release and in the script, the European business, including Russia, is very seasonal with the summer, and the weather this summer in Europe and in Russia was quite poor. So frankly, when you kind of work your way through that and you get to September, you know, the weather was fine in September so I mean, a big part of it is that we saw a stabilization of our volume growth rate in Russia. We're still not growing at the rate I'd like to see, but we stabilized it and Europe came back quite well. So I'd say those are the biggest drivers in September.  The rest of the businesses are performing pretty much in line. China's performing similarly. India had a terrific September. Middle East is still strong. When I look around the world, frankly both in Snacks and Beverages, the trends are still very consistent with what we've seen really year-to-date as opposed to the quarterly trends, I'd say.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Torres - HSBC.
Lauren Torres - HSBC:  I guess as a follow up to some of your comments on the International business, you know, a lot of consumer products companies are talking about a slowdown in trends. I was just curious. Obviously, you're benefiting from acquisitions for brands, territories and whatnot, but I was just curious as far as just general trends here, you know, why you're not seeing that. I mean, it seems like you're very optimistic here and I'm hearing some rather negative comments from other companies. Kind of what's the difference here and where is that upside coming from?
Mike White: Well, I think Indra said it in the script, Lauren, that the trends are not uniform. I'll give you a good example. Take CSDs in the U.K. Our CSD business this year is up double digits. I mean, we're having a terrific year with Pepsi Max in the U.K. Clearly I would say in Australia, where there has been some significant macroeconomic issues, I'm not saying we're immune to anything going on in the external environment by any means. I would say Russia has seen some softness, although our Snacks business has held up very, very well in Russia. So, you know, I think again you've got to remember the categories outside the United States - CSDs in the U.S. is unique. You've got 850 8-ounce per capitas per person. You know, the highest in any country other than Mexico outside the U.S. is probably 300 and in most emerging markets it's less than 50. So the penetration levels are much, much lower, and we are still, as Indra said, an affordable treat, both in Snacks and in Beverages. Certainly, I'm keeping a close eye on private label trends in Europe, particularly on Snacks but, again, continue to find that our brands are holding up very, very well. So I'd say we're not without some challenges in a few pockets, but I don't think you could call it, by any stretch of the imagination, uniform. And as Indra said, the Middle East and Asia in particular are still very, very healthy growth rates.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: And I know you didn't want to get too involved with respect to next year's outlook but, you know, in the past you've talked about division operating profit around this 8% plus level. Seeing what we're seeing here in the U.S. maybe versus what you're seeing at your International business, do you feel that a lot of the weakness here can still be offset by your International business or is that number at risk?
Indra Nooyi: Well, you know, the International business, as Mike said - and again, we all look at international as Mike's businesses in PI as well as our Latin American businesses - and I think taken together they continue to perform very well.  And our outlook for the future, again, let's be very careful. We don't know where these macroeconomics are going, but given what we are seeing today, we still seem bullish about our outlook for our international businesses. We're also feeling good about our North American Snack business. And believe me, going forward we're feeling better and better about our North American Beverage business, too.  So we're not providing guidance for 2009 as yet because we want to see where the FX ends up, where the macroeconomic situation ends up, but at this point we feel pretty good about our future.
Richard Goodman: Just to echo, I spoke to investors in early September at a conference and I think I was pretty clear and I think I was the only person who said be careful about the Forex rates. Now even I didn't predict how much they would change in the last two weeks, but excluding Forex I feel very good about our plans for next year in our International business and I think we'll have another very strong year.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the call back to management for closing comments.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. Thank you all for participating in our call today.  Let me just close by saying we feel very confident about the fundamentals of our business, and we are facing challenges that are really out of our control that affect others as well. But we feel very confident about the capability of our people, our brands, the investments we are making, our go to market systems. We feel very, very good about all of that. Our Snack business globally is performing exceedingly well. Internationally, our Beverage business is performing very strong, too. Our North American Beverage business is our only work in process and, based on the plans we have in place, the reinvestments we are making, we think that's going to be a great success story next year, too. Our portfolio balance is a great asset, and we think our Productivity for Growth program is far reaching and gives us the breathing room to reinvest in the business. We are focused on sustainable long-term growth and we've created the flexibility to weather any short-term challenges. So we remain a great operating company. And our biggest assets, as I said, are the strength of our brands, our go to market capabilities, but most importantly, the tremendous people we have in PepsiCo and we know what we need to get done going into the future. So thank you.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Nielsen - VP of IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO John Compton - CEO of PepsiCo Americas Food Massimo D'Amore - CEO of PepsiCo Americas Beverages Mike White - PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International Richard Goodman - PepsiCo's CFO
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley Mark Schwartzburg - Stifel Nicolaus Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Ann Gurkin - Davenport Alec Patterson - RCM 
Operator: Welcome to PepsiCo's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Todays call is being recorded and will be archived for 14 days. It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Jane Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations.  
Jane Nielsen: Thank you. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our pepsico.com website.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statements. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. Our actual results could differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K for a discussion of specific risks that may effect our performance.  You should refer to the Investor Section at the PepsiCo's website at www.pepsico.com under the heading PepsiCo Financial Press Releases to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts.  Just one house-keeping item, during today's call, our references to EPS growth excludes the current and prior year mark-to-market gains or losses on commodity positions, included in corporate and allocated expenses.  This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi PepsiCos Chairman and CEO; John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Food; Massimo D'Amore, CEO of PepsiCo Americas Beverages and Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International, who is joining us from Switzerland, and Richard Goodman, PepsiCo's CFO. After our prepared remarks, we'll move to Q&A. Now to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss PepsiCo's second quarter performance and our outlook for full year 2008.  Now as you saw in this morning's release, we delivered strong second quarter results and I am proud of our performance for the first half of 2008. This quarter, with 4% snack and 5% beverage growth, 14% revenue and 11% EPS growth, our portfolio performed well, especially in the context of absorbing higher levels of commodity inflation and implementing pricing actions around the globe, all while driving against an aggressive productivity agenda.  I think this demonstrates our ability to successfully manage the challenges of the current environment, through the power of our portfolio, the breadth of our global footprint, but more importantly, the can-do spirit of our associates around the globe.  With strong overall results in the first half, we are on track to deliver earnings per share of at least $3.72 in 2008, excluding the net impact of mark-to-market gains and losses. Now, as you are all aware these are interesting times. Inflation has become a part of consumers' daily lives and economies are slowing in many developed markets. And these realities may be raising some key questions in your mind. For example, given the growth outlook for our international markets, can we manage escalating inflation and drive top and bottom line growth, and can our portfolio manage through the current weakness in the U.S. liquid refreshing beverage category.  Before I turn it over to John, Massimo, Mike and Richard, let me share a few thoughts on these questions with you. First and foremost, we have confidence in PepsiCo's outlook. Actions speak louder than words so today we are confirming our 2008 guidance and announcing an increase of at least an additional billion dollars in share repurchases over the balance of the year, bringing total repurchases to at least $5.3 billion during the year 2008.  Lets look at the results and trends that are the basis for our confidence and help provide answers to your questions. First of all, our markets outside the United States remain vibrant. PepsiCo International delivered double-digit snack and beverage growth, both in the quarter and for the first half. Our focus on brand recognition and local relevance combined with convenience, quality and outstanding distribution has delivered steady growth, even as we have effectively executed our pricing strategies. Clearly, we are closely monitoring each of our markets for signs of changes in consumer behavior, and trying to separate the impacts of weather and other temporary factors from any longer-term indicators of change. At the same time, we continue to see the fundamental long-term growth opportunities created by low per capita consumption, a growing middle class and share expansion, especially in micro snacks and non-carbs. We are embracing the challenges of successfully navigating amidst inflation and economic uncertainty. We know we won't drive performance to the business as usual attitude, so we've made changes in three key areas and we are very encouraged with the early results. First, we have adjusted our approach to global procurement, to minimize commodity volatility and uncertainty while reducing costs. We are accomplishing this by hedging a higher percentage of our commodities and by taking longer positions. So in addition to having very extensive commodity coverage for the balance of the year, we also have significant positions for 2009. Second, we are leveraging our pricing and revenue management capabilities around the world. In many cases, we are taking a lesson from our international teams who have managed structural inflation currency devaluations for years. Optimizing price pack architectures and trade investments across our product lines is critical in providing a great product at an attractive price point for our broad consumer base. This quarter, our team showed great revenue management expertise, as we worked with customers locally and in  --> power of one teams [Author:l] to implement pricing that delivered solid volume performance, demonstrating the pricing power of our brand and flowing through to the bottom line. This is particularly evident in our Frito-Lay business in the U.S., our Walkers business in the United Kingdom and our Latin American foods business. Each had strong and balanced growth across the P&L in Q2. Pricing is largely in place to cover balance of year inflation. Finally, we are raising the bar on productivity. As the divisions execute their continuous drive for efficiency, we are also looking at new ways to reduce manufacturing, logistics and go-to-market costs. We are laying the groundwork for another meaningful reduction in the cost base. Stay tuned for further information at the end of Q3 or early Q4. Right now, we are tightening our belts, while preserving our important growth investments in emerging markets, marketing to build our brand, R&D to fuel innovation, and IT to enhance our performance, management and decision-making. Turning to snacks, in our snacks categories, consumers continue to make snacks an affordable treat in their daily lives. From the U.S., where our single-serve bag is 99cents, to India where a 32 gram single-serve bag is the equivalent of $0.24, our products offer great value across a broad base of consumers. Our local cost base and global scale allows us to deliver affordability while driving profitability. With this approach, we have seen stable demand across the channels. Even in the United States single-serve bags posted growth. Turning to domestic beverages, our teams are managing through an unprecedented slowdown in the U.S. beverage market. This quarter was down more than 4% across measured channels, driven by softness in both the convenience channels, due to the economy, and also in unflavored water, as a result of consumer substitution. These two factors alone compressed category growth by about 2 to 3 points. Now, clearly our domestic beverage performance has not been immune to the slowdown and we are hard at work to restore long-term growth to the category and our business. All efforts are focused on exploiting our strengths. Our ongoing share gains in carbonated soft drinks, our number one position in hydration, with 150 index versus our next largest competitor, excellent health and wellness credentials for the Tropicana and Naked juice brand, and our leadership in tea and coffee. These strengths our shaping our work to launch brand and package innovations targeted at incremental consumption, leveraging our unique power of one customer relationships to drive growth and profitability for us and our retailers, and work with our bottling partners to innovate and execute, to grow the total profit pool for all of us. I'll be the first to tell you that these are not one-quarter fixes. They require some rethinking and retooling in our portfolio, and willingness to initiate change. Rest assured we are actively engaged in these efforts. However, there are good efforts to reshapeone part of the PepsiCo portfolio without impacting our overall growth algorithm. In summary, PepsiCo is a company that thrives on and drives growth. Our performance so far this year shows that during uncertain times, our portfolio, our strategies and our capabilities drive growth. Growth and profits, yes but also growth in market share, with continued focus on innovation, and growth in brand strength. When combined with the passion and commitment of our associates around the world, these elements, we are confident, will position PepsiCo for even stronger future performance as the environment stabilizes. With that, let me turn the call over to John Compton, who will discuss Pepsi Americas foods.
John Compton:  Thanks Indra. I'm pleased to take you through PepsiCo's Americas Food strong second quarter results. Our volume was up 2%, revenues were up 16% and operating profit grew 13%. I'm proud of the work the teams have done to successfully grow our top line, while managing through the ongoing commodity headwinds facing our businesses. All three of our businesses contributed to balanced growth. So let me take you through the results of each. Frito-Lay's second quarter results with volume growth of 2% and revenue and operating profit each growing 8% were driven by solid volume growth, effective net pricing, and productivity. [Casually] interest true-up accounted for 1 point of the overall operating profit growth. Now, our volume growth was largely driven by strong increases for our core salty brands, like Cheetos, Ruffles and Fritos, and double-digit growth for our better for you brand like SunChips and Quaker Chewy Granola Bars. Our  --> lays[Author:l]  pound volume declined in the quarter as a result of a combination of weight-outs and also a shift of promotional frequency to our corn-based products, which was necessary in light of a potato supply constraint as a result of flooding in some of our growing areas. As expected, the more significant driver of revenue growth in the quarter was effective net pricing across the majority of the portfolio, achieving overall high single-digit pricing. And after the actions taken in the marketplace during the second quarter, pricing is now fairly balanced between visual pricing and weight-outs. I remain encouraged by what we've seen in the markets so far, we are monitoring price gaps very carefully relative to competing brands and other snack categories like Crackers. Our objective is to proactively manage our price gaps to mitigate the pricing impact, and this has enabled us to gain value share in both the salty and overall [savory] categories. And I think this speaks to the strength of the Frito-Lay trademarks, particularly in our core brands. From retail perspective we grew revenue across each of our major channel segments, including convenience and gas. Our single-serve flex bag business grew volume 2% with high single-digit revenue growth. Our positive performance is due to both the strong consumer value of our single-serve offering and focused sales execution strategies. Also, in the food service channel, we have benefited from value menu offerings in our key customers. Now, innovation played a significant role in the second quarter results, driving both top and bottom-line growth. New baked snacks, such as Lay's Cracker Crisps continue to gain distribution, consumer awareness, and trial. In our new nut line, True North is showing real consumer appeal, while commanding premium pricing in a new part of the store for Frito-Lay, the nut aisle. Our product innovation within multi cultural focus also has great momentum. Youll see this in brands like Flaming hot Funyuns, Doritos Collisions and Doritos Spicy Sweet Chili. On the packaging side our new product singles, our new multipack package of individual portions is off to a strong start, providing packages that offer portion control for smaller households. And finally, on the availability front, Flat Earth, our baked fruit and vegetable snacks are now available at all subway stores, a great trial venue for a new health and wellness brand like Flat Earth.  Now in the quarter for Frito-Lay, our productivity accelerated. Manufacturing, Warehousing and sell-in expenses, all provided leverage to second quarter profit growth. Along with the revenue initiatives, Frito-Lay is stepping up productivity and is on target to deliver total savings to cover about 20% of its commodity inflation. Initiatives like capturing waste heat from our Doritos ovens for steam production and the installation of high-efficiency infrared burners on our baking ovens are delivering benefits.  So far this year, we have reduced water usage by 2%, electricity by 3%, and natural gas by 3%, all on a per-pound of product produced. This is impressive progress on top of a great track record. Since 1999, Frito-Lay has reduced its use of water by 38%, manufacturing fuels by 27% and electricity by 21%. These efforts have made a difference to the bottom line and equally important to the environment.  Now, looking to Frito-Lay's performance of the balance of the year, we remain confident in our ability to continue to produce solid top and bottom line results. I expect our most challenging cost of goods inflation to be in Q3, and we may see some impact to profit growth. But as I look over the balance of the year, we believe we have the right pricing in place to cover these challenges. And as is our normal practice, we will begin to execute our year-end pricing initiatives during Q4 to prepare for 2009. Additionally, we will also look for new ways to enhance productivity initiatives for next year.  I am very encouraged by the strong Q2 results and feel that we have the necessary plans in place over the second half of the year to deliver solid profit growth and importantly, market share gains.  Turning now to Quaker Foods, as you saw our Quaker Foods business in North America generated 2% volume growth, 4% revenue growth and 4% operating profit growth in the quarter. Results reflected volume growth from oatmeal and Rice-A-Roni coupled with pricing actions across the portfolio.  As we announced in mid June, the extensive flooding in the Midwest damaged our Cedar Rapids production facility at the end of the second quarter. This has caused temporary disruption to Quaker production and we have had to place our retail customers on product allocation. This will impact volume and revenue in the coming quarter.  Financially, we expect the insurance will both cover asset damage and business disruption, and we reserved against our insurance deductible in the second quarter. Most importantly, we restarted a portion of operations last week and we expect to be back in full production levels by mid-August. We are all extremely proud of the efforts of our Quaker employees, who have worked tirelessly to restore and restart this facility in a very short period of time.  Finally, let me offer some thoughts on the Latin America food business. In the quarter, our volume grew 4%. Net revenues grew 41%, and profits grew 38%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions in Forex, net revenues grew 10% and profits were up 21%. Now, as planned, we executed pricing actions in all three businesses, within Latin America Foods, Sabritas, Gamesa and South America. Each contributed significantly to revenue and profit growth.  At Sabritas wait-outs caused volumes to contract on a tonnage basis, but unit sales grew mid-single digits during the quarter, a very encouraging result that speaks of the strength of our Mexican South East snack business and the success of our innovation.  Gamesa held volume, despite very strong pricing in a double-digit overlap. The Quaker snacks portfolio continued to perform very well. In fact, to support the growth and potential, we see in the Quaker business, we have established separate health and wellness sales and delivery routes and merchandising racks in the marketplace.  In South America, Brazil continued to drive growth organically and with the Lucky acquisition. Our categories and our businesses are continuing to grow in the region, but we are staying close to the affordability metrics and looking for any signs of a possible slowdown. Beyond the macros, we are adding sales routes, increasing our market reach in Mexico, and continuing to expand our portfolio and distribution in Brazil. We are very encouraged by the top and bottom line growth in our Latin American businesses.  So to sum up for PepsiCo American foods, a very strong quarter. We continue to see opportunities for growth across our businesses and are driving against an aggressive productivity agenda. I expect continued strong growth for the balance of the year. With that, let me turn the call over to Massimo d'Amore.
Massimo d'Amore : Thank you. Ill provide you an overview of PepsiCo Americas Beverage and our forward focus.  This quarter was a tale of two cities for our business. First, our Latin American markets performed well and we increased volume in mid-single digits. But in North America, our business was challenged. PB declined about a point versus the prior year and total operating profit decreased 7%. In fact, North American beverages faced a perfect storm. With declining category volumes, rising inflation, are shifting channel mix away from C-Stores and food service and the slowing growth in unflavored water.  Let me review now some of these factors. You know that the economic slowdown continues to pressure the LRB category. Consumers seek value and affordability, while the rising inflation requires pricing actions. This quarter, the total LRB category has declined almost four points in measured channels and about two points across old channels. We have not seen these kinds of declines since we started measuring this category. We saw a significant shift away from convenient channels.  Indeed, food traffic declined over 10% in Q2. As a result, C&G beverage volume declined and LRB scan data was down more than 5.5 points, about 8 points below its historic growth rate. As you know, food service is also experiencing a consumer pullback. We estimate that convenient channels put about two points of pressure on the overall LRB category, which had some downstream impacts as well.  Flavored water, which grew double digits over the last two years, had moderated growth across all channels and was flat this quarter. Consumers are eating more at home and increasing consumption of tap water as they look for ways to economize.  So, with that as a bit of context for the market, I'll take you through our results in North America. For CFDs this quarter, we gained volume and value share, although volume was down 2%. This share growth reflects our strong performance in our Mountain Dew and Sierra Mist trademarks.  Mountain Dew loyal user base showed their passion by posting over 200,000 online votes to determine the next new flavor. Our customers have fully embraced this Mountain Dew initiative, which is driving awareness, especially in C&G, with engaging point of purchase displays. Our new Sierra Mist line extension and their cover orange is driving consumer interest in trial, especially in the impulse channels. Finally for CFDs, although trademark Pepsi was down mid-single digit, growth in Pepsi Max is very encouraging.  Now, turning to non-carbs, Gatorade continued to gain volume and value share. And total, shipments grew slightly in the quarter, despite the weakness of the convenience channels, where Gatorade is highly developed. Importantly, Gatorade scans in the grocery, drug and mass channels with up about 5.5%, in line with our expectations.  We also showed progress on our shelf resales, adding four additional SKUs in large format and gained about half a share in the C&G cold wars. G2 continues to gain consumer acceptance and broaden the user demographic. As a result, our trail and repeat numbers in G2 continue to be stable. Tiger also continues to grow trial and repeat with its unique formula and the differentiated link to Tiger Woods. Overall, Gatorade grew faster than the category and I expect it to continue to do so as we are investing in marketing and trial on G2 and Tiger and will focus our execution to give the entire Gatorade line-up the space it deserves to continue overall. Also in hydration, our SoBe Life Water brand continued strong growth, with volume up over 50% and very strong repeat rates. With three new flavors and a new very popular commercial, we expect SoBe Life Water to continue growing its user base. Turning now to the energy category, our total energy portfolio was up 18%. Our Amp business is driving a lot of this increase and our association with Dale Earnhardt, Jr. as a result of the Amp Energy more than doubling its business in the quarter. You also know that consumers love tea. Lipton Tea is the undisputed market leader in tea across America. A large number of Lipton Iced Tea users consume it on the go and we will be leveraging our one liter package to offer a great value in [these] channels. You will also see great packaging news on Lipton, a new light weight bottle with 20% less plastic, which will save 20 million pounds of plastic each year. We're also expanding our offerings on Lipton PureLeaf, our best quality tea the gold standard. We have increased the amount of tea we offer in PureLeaf and added new consumer preferred varieties like red and white. Our Tropicana juice business was down mid single digits, partially due to weight-out in our new 89-ounce picture, which is a packaging improvement offering easier pour and the new flip-top lid that feels easier. This is the start of our important efforts to re-engage Tropicana consumers with packaging, innovation and brand marketing to strengthen the health credentials and the naturalness of the Tropicana brand. As Indra said, during these times we need to retool and retain. During this quarter we maintained our focus on affordability despite rising commodity costs and we continue to invest in A&M, IT distribution. Volume and profitability pressured performance in North America below our expectations. Going forward, our focus is on developing priced pack architectures and innovations, to meet the consumer need for affordability, while driving net revenue and profit for us and for our bottling partners Stay tuned for news of our 2009 initiatives, which we'll unveil early in Quarter 4. Now Latin American markets, beverage growth was broad-based, with mid single digit CSD growth and double-digit NCB growth. This growth was led by H20 with rollout across the region and with successful flavor extensions in Argentina and Brazil. Lipton was up over 70%, with excellent growth in Mexico and successful launches in Central America and Venezuela.  Finally, Gatorade also performed well, with growth across all key markets and continued strength in Mexico. In total, continued strong results in Latin America. Now over to Mike.
Mike White:  Thanks, Massimo. As you've all seen in our release, PepsiCo International turned in another strong quarter. Our revenues were up 25% and our operating profit up 18%, despite of lapping more than 30% profit growth in 2007. Now to address rise in commodity inflation, we did continue to execute our plan to phase in price increases to optimize consumer acceptance while holding volume growth. This approach has worked very well, as evidenced by our strong, very balanced top line growth. Our performance allowed us to make incremental investments in marketing in China and India, as we continue to build important platforms for growth in those countries. Overall, I'm very pleased with PI's second quarter results two fronts are particularly encouraging. First, we drove growth across our categories and products. Volumes were strong across our snacks products, up 10%. Our carbonated soft drinks were up over 6%, and our non-carb beverages were up strong double digits, led by Tropicana and Lipton. This growth in part reflects our consumer-driven innovation and the broad appeal of our marketing initiatives. Our growth was also geographically broad-based. Our developed markets grew steadily and our emerging markets accelerated our total growth significantly. In fact, PI's 10 largest snack and beverage markets posted organic volume growth of about 9% in the quarter, terrific performance. A brief overview of our innovations and marketing follows, with market and brand performance by division. Our focused innovation in marketing capabilities produced strong growth. On beverages, the juice platform expansion which has been a major area of focus over the past several quarters, continues and is doing very well. Among other juice and juice drink initiatives, we launched a new package in India and we expanded our Tropicana Smoothies product from the UK to parts of Western Europe, with different fruit flavors, such as mango passion and fruit pineapple. In China, we continued with the geographic rollout of Tropicana juice drinks, which is achieving impressive consumer acceptance. Regional rollouts of Pepsi Max and 7UP H2O continued to be strong. During our second quarter we launched Pepsi Max in Vietnam and Pakistan, and H20 in China, Lebanon and a few additional European markets. We've also added new flavors, citrus, apple and tangerine to our 7Up H2O line-up. In China, our Go China chain has been successful in engaging consumers in a unique Pepsi way with the two-thumbs up way to cheer on China's athletes in the games next month. Our base snacks lines are also doing well in both Russia and Spain and we're borrowing a page from my friends in the United States, where consumers take control of their brand's new flavor innovation. For instance in India, we launched a fight for your flavor program where consumers will vote on their favorite lays flavor innovation and each flavor has its own celebrity sponsor. So together, innovation and marketing continue to fuel growth across our categories and our markets. Turning now to our divisions, let me discuss first the UK and Europe and then the Middle East, Asia and Africa markets. In the UK, our developed snacks market grew very well with Walkers setting the pace as they continue to successfully implement pricing while also growing volume mid single digits.  Our [British] promotion was a successful way to add consumer value, while  --> taking[Author:l]  price. Advertising emphasized the local provenance of the great British potatoes used in Walkers crisps which further enhanced consumer perceptions. Snacks volume in Spain included the benefit of a purely the month calendar reporting change, which impacted our UK/EU region snacks volume by over a point. Our emerging snack markets delivered excellent growth, led by Russia, up 20%, and very solid performance in Eastern Europe as well. Our UK, Europe beverage growth was driven by Tropicana in the UK, offset by somewhat sluggish growth in Russia. Unseasonably cold weather in the early summer, primarily in Russia, slowed down carbonated soft drink growth, but our non-carbs market continued to grow. Our reported results also reflect great performance from our recent acquisitions, Sandora in the Ukraine, as well as the expansion of our Lipton partnership. Turning now to our Middle East, Africa, Asia region, our snacks volume was very strong in our key growth markets. China continued to grow in the 20% plus range, with double-digit volume growth in the Middle East, India, and South Africa. We continued to build our Doritos trademark in the region with distribution  --> gangs[Author:l]  and flavor expansion like barbecue in Egypt and taco flavor in South Africa. In China, Cheetos shops had a new flavor like Japanese steak and mild cheese. And we introduced two new spicy flavors as a Lay's team China special pack, all locally tailored and targeted to the public in each of those countries. Our beverages had terrific results in several high growth markets. China, India, and the Middle East all delivered double-digit growth, with strength in core brands and innovation. Our non-carbonated platform produced high double-digit growth in both India and Saudi Arabia. These results include marketing investments were making behind growth in our dynamic businesses in both China and India.  To look forward to the balance of the year, (inaudible) is a full calendar of innovation. Some of the highlights on the snack side are flavor extensions to Lay's stacks in China and expanding our better for you options like Baked Lays in additional European markets and new flavors in our bread snack product in Russia.  On on the marketing front, we'll continue engaging with consumers in the UK with a Do Us a Flavor campaign, where consumers design and vote on a new Walkers crisps flavor.  In beverages, we'll be launching a new Tropicana Twister flavor, Apple, in India, expanding the Pepsi Deluxe lineup in the Philippines and continuing our rollout of Pepsi Max. Also on our top line, we will continue to diligently implement our revenue management strategies with price pack architectures focused on driving rate, while maintaining affordability and minimizing volume impact.  Throughout the rest of the middle of the P&L, we're working very hard against productivity initiatives and cost control. I do expect continued growth in our developing and emerging markets, but we're diligently monitoring consumer trends and economic changes on a country-by-country basis. Importantly, I believe we have the initiatives in place to produce strong, ongoing results over the course of the year. With that, let me turn it over to Richard Goodman, our CFO.  
Richard Goodman : Thanks, Mike. We are pleased with our overall operating results in Q2, with revenues up 14% and division operating profit up 7%. As you saw in the release, our reported EPS was $1.05 and excluding the net impact of mark-to-market gains in both years, it was up 11% to $1.03.  Our below the line leverage reflected mark-to-market gains of $61 million on commodities that do not receive hedge accounting. This mark-to-market gain compares to a $13 million gain in the previous year for a net change of $48 million. So the mark-to-market drove about two points of operating leverage and contributed $0.02 to our per share earnings.  Let me remind you that over the duration of our contracts, the mark-to-market impact on corporate costs, nets out to zero with hedges ultimately being reflected in division costs. We will focus our discussion and guidance on EPS and EPS growth, excluding the impact of mark-to-market gains and losses in both the current and prior year. We believe this provides a better perspective on our ongoing business performance. So setting mark-to-market gains aside, lower employee related expenses helped drive other corporate, unallocated costs down $23 million in Q2, offsetting higher interest costs, lower equity income from bottling investments, and continued investments in our business process transformation and in R&D. Developmental costs were slightly down in the quarter. Our tax rate for the quarter was 26.7%, up 20 basis points versus last year. We returned $2 billion to shareholders, $600 million in dividends and $1.4 billion in share repurchases. As a result, our weighted average diluted share count declined by 3.1%.  Turning to our balance of the year outlook, we are taking advantage of the current market conditions to repurchase additional shares. As Indra indicated, we will increase our share repurchases to at least $5.3 billion for full year 2008, up by at least $1 billion from our prior guidance of $4.3 billion. Through the end of the second quarter, we spent $2.9 billion on share repurchases.  Our outlook is for continued strength in the second half. However, as we manage the company to deliver our performance commitments for the year, we expect stronger performance in Q4 than in Q3. Our commodity overlaps are most challenging in Q3 and as John noted earlier, the floods that damaged our Cedar Rapids facility in June, will impact Quaker Food's performance in Q3.  We have insurance coverage, but due to the timing of preparing and approving claims, some of the insurance recovery might not be recognized until Q4. Throughout the balance of the year, we will continue to drive against productivity and expense control. Overall, with our solid results in the second quarter, we are reiterating our EPS guidance for the full year, volume of 3% to 5%, low double-digit revenue growth, including acquisitions of Forex, and EPS, excluding the net impact of mark-to-market gains or losses of at least $3.72. Finally, there is no change to our cash flow or CapEx targets.  Back to Indra.
Indra Nooyi : Thanks, Richard and as I said to you at the top of the call today, I'm really proud of our business results and the strength and resiliency of our portfolio and the outstanding commitment and capability of our people really gives me confidence on the future outlook for our business.  Now, before I open it up for your questions, I just want to share something with you. This is Jane Nielsen, our Head of Investor Relations, her last call. And Id like to thank her for her passion and commitment during her time on the road. Jane is staying in the PepsiCo system, but is moving with her family to the Boston area.  Taking Jane's place is Mike Nathanson, who until recently was Head of PepsiCos Financial Planning and Analysis team and since joining PepsiCo 13 years ago, Mike has held multiple leadership positions, including being the CFO for our Australian snack business. Mike is an incredible individual. I have great respect for Mike's capabilities and I'm confident he will serve our investors well. Mike, you have big shoes to fill, but I'm sure you'll do a great job. Both Jane and Mike have been working together over the past two months to make this transition seamless and will continue to do so through the summer.  So with that, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everybody.
Indra Nooyi:  Good morning, Bill.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley:  My question is, you talked about putting on some coverage for 09. Can you give us an idea of what percentage of your input costs are now hedged for 09 and then given the lead time you have to think about another year of input cost inflation, can you provide any more color on the types and the magnitude of some of the productivity savings that you might see for 09?
Indra Nooyi:  Bill, let me touch on the productivity savings and then toss it to Richard, who will give you some color on coverage. As I said in my script, in the end of Q3 or early Q4, we will announce our productivity program. So at this point, we are not ready to share with you the details, but just know that it is going to be meaningful and so with that, let me turn it to Richard.
Richard Goodman: Bill as you know, it is really still a little too early to give an estimate for 2009 and we typically do that on our call later in the year. However, obviously, there have been increases in grains and cooking oil and fuel, so there will be inflation next year. That said, as we have discussed, we really are taking the opportunity to decrease our volatility by expanding the amount of coverage that we take and the duration of the coverage we take. So clearly it is higher going into 2009 than it was going into 2008. However, I really do not want to talk about specific percentages at this point.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Is it too early also to comment if you will be able to rely less on price into 09, given the coverage and the productivity programs?
Richard Goodman:  Yes, it is a little too early because we are still formulating the productivity programs that we have and then when we have a very more complete understanding of the inflation environment as well as the productivity, then we will have a better sense of what amount of pricing that we will be need to be taking as well.
Indra Nooyi:  Bill, we also talked about price back architecture. What we want to do is to make sure that we balance productivity, affordability, and competitive gaps in prices. We want to make sure we maintain a reasonable gap versus competition and not let that widen too much. So as Richard said, as the year progresses and as we complete all our price back work and look at the inflation trends and look at competitive pricing, we will then implement our pricing actions. Just rest assured that every one of our divisions has a maniacal focus on 2009 and what to do to make sure that we are ahead of the curve in 2009.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Mark Schwartzburg with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Mark Schwartzburg - Stifel Nicolaus : Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Indra Nooyi:  Good morning, Mark.
Mark Schwartzburg - Stifel Nicolaus : Indra, division operating profit in the quarter ex-currency, I believe was up 4%. Can you talk a little bit about how you think that number compares to what is going to happen in the future and perhaps things like we just heard from Richard, the volatility and cost management, the improvements you expect there, might we consider that a trough number, incremental pricing, incremental productivity, for is a lot lower than we have seen historically. How do you think it is going to compare to the upcoming quarters next year?
Indra Nooyi : Mark, the first two quarters and going into the third quarter is when we have the extraordinary inflation hitting us and as we said in our Q1 call, the Frito-Lay pricing started going into effect in Q2. In fact, we did not have the benefit of the pricing the entire Q2. On top of that, as Massimo discussed on North American beverages, we were all balancing affordability and beverages and not taking up the pricing too much, when traffic was slowing down, especially in C stores for beverages and making sure we were driving some volume growth. The good news is we had four as tail winds that allowed us to reinvest in some pricing, keep our investments in A&M up at a fairly high level and keep investing in R&D and IT. So as we managed the portfolio and looked at the overall EPS numbers, we felt like driving the top line revenue growth and getting the pricing in initially was more important than focusing then directly on line of business operating profits. So the portfolio in fact worked. Going forward, Q3 is going to be an interesting quarter because the full impact of the commodity inflation hits us in Q3, but we will also get a full quarter of Frito-Lay pricing. I think the portfolio is still going to work well in the second half. I think sequentially as you go through the year, into Q4, our line of business operating profit improved and as you go into 2009, as we take all the pricing actions earlier, you start seeing sequential improvement. Richard, did you want to add anything on that?
Richard Goodman : Yes, I think we do manage, we manage it as a portfolio and as Indra said, it is really rather than looking at a specific line item expert or we trying to be able to balance all the things that we need to achieve over both the quarters and the year, and so I think, you know, part of the Forex impact was also seen in our cost of goods sold because inflation, part of the inflation was driven by the poor dollar. So it really is the ability to have the broad portfolio that allows us to achieve this sort of consistent results.
Indra Nooyi : Mark, given the tail winds on the Forex, we made a conscious decision to keep investing in A&M, R&D, IT. We said we are not backing off any of those expenses, because we really have an eye towards the long-term future of the company. So feel good about the top line. Feel good about revenue. Feel very good about overall EPS in returns.
Mark Schwartzburg - Stifel Nicolaus : Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is from Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia:  Good morning, thank you.
Indra Nooyi : Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Just one clarification. John told us about how convenience stores held up actually quite well with, on the Frito-Lay side, but in North America, but Massimo told us that it cost beverages 2 points of pressure. Why do you think the desperate performance inconvenient stores between the Frito-Lay portfolio and beverages, is there something specific to the beverage portfolio in that channel that you could elaborate on?
Indra Nooyi: John, do you want to take this?
John Compton: Jonathan, its John. Two things, one on the Frito-Lay side, the pricing that we took in that channel was largely through the weight-out. Some of our visual price points has been and remains at 0.99 cent package. That is largely what consumers see when they walk into the store. As we said in our comments, we also had a very deliberate execution focus against specific multicultural type products, flaming hot Cheetos, flaming hot Funyuns, new Doritos flavors to serve that segment. The second part is, as the snack business is different from the beverage business and it is not as penetrated as beverages are. So beverages, if one business was going to slow down before the other, beverages would, because it is almost twice the size in convenience stores than salty snacks are.
Indra Nooyi :  Tracks more closely to food traffic.
John Compton:  Yes.
Indra Nooyi: However, I think there were more alternatives for beverages, as Massimo mentioned when unflavored water slowed down, people switched to tap water and, you know, applied their discretionary dollars against Frito-Lay salty snacks.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Okay. Well, thanks very much.
Operator:  Thank you. You next question is from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, everyone.
Indra Nooyi :  Hi, Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Just looking at North America beverages and recognizing that you have managed the business as a portfolio, but margin was pretty weak in the second quarter. I wanted to just walk through some of the key drivers of margin decline and then more broadly speaking, some of the new price pack architecture initiatives that you are talking about, if you could give us a little bit more details and the timing of when you can introduce these initiatives and how quickly can these initiatives really restore profitability in North America beverages?
Indra Nooyi :  Massimo, do you want to take that?
Massimo DAmore: Yes. So first of all, as we said, throughout the quarter we have continued to make sure our product remained affordable while investing in A&M, IT, and distribution capabilities. So the key reason for the margin decline is the increased cost of commodities in this environment. However, more importantly Judy, Indra said it very clearly that we are really working on unprecedented price pack architecture across all of our beverage brands and we are building on a lot of expertise available within the company, especially outside of North America, where we have been living with inflation for many years. We are really striking the right balance, I believe, between price points driving affordability and revenue management growth through these price pack architectures. So it would be put in place in the second half of the year and you will see its full impact really as of 2009. Because our objective here is to really lay the right foundations for 2009.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Massimo, if I can just follow up on the non-carb trend, beyond the economic pressure that we are seeing in North America, do you think the growth of non-carbs could go back to the growth that we had seen historically.
Indra Nooyi :  Judy, I tell you something, that is a big mystery and we do not have the answers yet. As Massimo said, ever since we started tracking this category, yesterday we are joking about it saying going back 100 years, but really the last 30 years if we have tracked this category, the category has never been in such a decline as it is now. In the last 10 or 15 years, we havent had an economic slowdown of the kind we are seeing now. If you believe standard for capita measures and penetration into tap water and population growth and growth in GDP, you would expect the growth in the LRB category should come back to the 1% to 2% range. That is our long-term expectation for volume, 1% to 2% volume growth, but you know what, predicting the trough is always wrong. We have to wait and see what happens as the economy slowly recovers and then we can all look and see if the fundaments of the category are still there. At this point we feel optimistic about the category. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is from Bryan Spillane with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America:   Hi good morning.
Indra Nooyi:   Good morning Bryan. Just a question on working capital, it was up pretty significantly in the quarter, so want just some of the drivers behind that and then the second question related, just as you hedge out or contract out raw materials further out than you have done in the past, will that also have an impact on working capital, will it cost you more to hold some of that raw material for a longer period of time and will that have an impact on free cash flow going forward?
Richard Goodman:  So just on the first question, on working capital, and actually if you look at the fundamental cash conversion cycle that was actually, we were absolutely on track, I mean some of the numbers are higher because our revenue base was higher, but they were absolutely on track and some of the things that drove slightly worse working capital were one-time things, one-time timing things like BAT and stuff, so I feel, we feel very good about being on track from our working capital standpoint. On the contracting, yes, we do not actually make payments on things that we are contracting out in the future, so the amount of goods that we actually will store going forward is extremely, is extremely small and very and would be very localized, almost all of it is simply just locking in prices with suppliers going forward and then when those goods are delivered, that is when we are paying for it. So that it will not impact our working capital on a go-forward basis.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Richard Goodman: Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is from Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi :  Hi, Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: If I could just get some more detail on your outlook for the U.S. liquid refreshment beverage volume at this year and if you could break that down into CSD and non-CSD and how are you going to step up your pace of innovation in domestic beverages in the back half of 08 into 09? Then if I could pick up more detail on Gatorade reset, how much did that contribute to volume in the quarter and then Lays in the U.S., the decline, what was that decline? How much was due to allocation versus just the weight-out impact?
Indra Nooyi:  That a lot hard, but Massimo do you want to take some part of that question, go ahead.
Massimo DAmore: So, first of all, as we said, the performance of the category is equivalent and we would expect to see the category to decline.
Indra Nooyi: Massimo, I am sorry. You are far away.
Massimo DAmore:  Sorry. So as we said earlier, the decline in the category that we are seeing this year is really unprecedented, and we would expect the category to decline one to two points for the year, for 2008. However, going to next year, as Indra said, we will see how strong the economic recovery is going to be and we should see a better performance going forward.  Having said this, we are being very aggressive on developing the right innovation for 2009. We are going to disclose it during quarter four, but let me assure you that it is really focused on each one of our key brands and more importantly, we are really innovating, keeping in mind the needs and the trends of each one of the key channels. So you will see innovation that will be just tailored for the convenience channel versus innovation tailored for mass, for drag, or for the club channel. So we are really focusing on the consumer needs within the context of the economic context we are in and the dynamics of each channel.  Now, as far as Gatorade is concerned, and what we are seeing is just a slowdown of the Gatorade performance in the convenience channel, but this is a category issue. It is not a brand issue, because that is where the brand is gaining both volume and value share, and the reason why it is impacting Gatorade is because, as we said, it is well developed in the convenience channel.  Having said this, the innovation we have in place this year is right on G2 and Tiger are both performing very well, and let me assure you that we have a lot more innovation going forward into 2009. Therefore, Gatorade, we have continued to grow and we are investing at the same time on new marketing initiatives, as well as distribution plans.
Indra Nooyi:  John, do you want to talk on Lays.
John Compton: On Lays, as I have said in my comments. Lays is the most price sensitive of the salty brands that we have, but most of the volume impact in the quarter was related to the shortage on the crop, because we lost the big part in the Missouri part of the country, where our potatoes were due to come out. It is the same storm that had the effect in Cedar Rapids on the flooding. So the majority of this was just shifting out of potato into our corn-based products as we prepared for the upcoming July 4th holiday.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: How much was the Lays volume down in the quarter?
John Compton: It was down around 7%, I believe, in the quarter.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport:  Okay, great.
John Compton: Again largely, that was just shifting our trade calendars from potato to corn.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: All right. Thank you, all.
Indra Nooyi: The only thing I will tell you is that you asked for innovations balance of the year and going into 2009. We are already into July and so really should not be talking about any big new innovation balance of year. I have had the privilege of looking at the early 2009 innovation calendar and in Pepsi Beverages North America, what Massimo and the team have done, is probably among the strongest innovation that we have ever seen coming out of North American Beverages and it is very exciting, I must say. We are going to be unveiling a lot of that at the Morgan Stanley conference in November. So I think it is going to be quite exciting. Thank you, very good.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Alec Patterson of RCM. Please go ahead.
Alec Patterson - RCM : Yes, thank you. Two questions, one, Massimo, I may be a connoisseur to be obvious here, but what I am hearing about price pack architecture and the sensitivity to the value equation for consumers, especially in C&G, sounds a bit of a wait-out strategy on beverages. We have obviously heard about smaller bottle sizes and what have you, but in that context, is that an apt description of the pricing initiative that is going on?
Massimo DAmore:  Not exactly, Alec. Let me explain. What we really mean by price pack is that we want to have the right offering to heed the right price point from an un-affordability standpoint as well as the right value for manning for larger packs. So, whenever we look at resizing our offering, is keeping always in mind these two factors. So, if we think of downsizing at the same to heed a certain price point, at the same time we upsize, to maintain better value for money. So it is really acting on both fronts of the value equation.
Alec Patterson - RCM :  Okay.
Indra Nooyi:  So, that is our last question and I want to thank everybody for coming on to our call today and look forward to continuing this dialogue with you through the rest of the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays PepsiCo second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Nielsen - VP of IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman & CEO John Compton - CEO of PepsiCo Americas Foods Massimo D'Amore - CEO of PepsiCo Americas Beverages Mike White - Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International Richard Goodman - CFO 
Analysts: Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley John Faucher - JP Morgan Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Lauren Torres - HSBC Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities Ann Gurkin - Davenport
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's, First Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded and will be archived for 14 days. It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Jane Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nielsen, you may begin.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our pepsico.com website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. But we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance You should refer to the investors section of PepsiCo's website at www.pepsico.com under the heading PepsiCo Financial Press Releases to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts. This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo America's Food; Massimo dAmore, CEO of PepsiCo America's Beverages; Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International; and Richard Goodman, PepsiCo's CFO. Today we will review our Q1 2008 results in the context of our new organization structure. Our prior years financial results and MD&A recap under the new structure we released earlier in the quarter in our 8-K filing. Please refer to the investor sector of our PepsiCo website for this filing. After our prepared remarks this morning we will leave time for questions and answers. With that I will turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jane and good morning everyone. And thank you very much for joining us this morning. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss PepsiCo's first quarter performance and our outlook for 2008. But before we begin, let me just refer back to this mornings release where we are reiterating our full year guidance of 3% to 5% volume growth, high single-digit revenue growth and earnings per share of at least $3.70 for the year. In the quarter the strength of our portfolio, together with the breadth of our global footprint, enabled us to manage the challenges for slowing US economy and rising commodity inflation, yet deliver solid overall business results. Worldwide snacks volume grew 4%, worldwide beverages grew 4%, net revenue was up 13%, division operating profit grew 10% and EPS grew 7%. Before Mike, Massimo, and John talk in more detail about their businesses, let me share my thoughts on the environment in which we are operating and how we are managing our businesses to deliver result. The first factor is the rapidly changing macroeconomic picture across the globe. Let me start with the US, where the economy has significantly slowed and consumer confidence is low, and this is not news to any of you. The good news however is that in past US slowdowns, our categories have done quite well. In part due to the relative affordability of our products and in part due to consumers economizing during hard times and shifting towards at home eating occasions. Indeed, we have seen that shift taking place over the past few months, where traffic has declined in two channels, food service and to a certain extent C&G, causing volumes in the highly penetrated beverage business to slow in these two channels. Interestingly, our snack volumes in these channels have held up very nicely. On the other hand, volume across large format channels is pretty good, as consumer shift to food and beverages consumed at home. In markets outside the United States, the global macros are still very good, particularly in the developing economies where robust economic growth, coupled with low per capita consumption levels of our product creates vibrant growth opportunities. The geographically diverse portfolio that we have built over the past decade allows us to take full advantage of this international growth. You see this in our strong Q1 result where our businesses outside the United States, both in beverages and snacks posted very healthy results. In addition, the currency diversification from our international businesses has provided some kind of balance to the falling dollars impact on commodity prices, which brings me to the second factor, commodity inflation. We see commodity prices going up in almost every country in the world particularly in grain, cooking oil and energy and this trend accelerated through Q1 of this year. In the US we have this somewhat unusual circumstance of both an economic slowdown and significant commodity inflation, and to be honest we are dusting off long forgotten lessons on operating in this tax inflation environment. Our commodity inflation estimate for the year is 9% to 10% worldwide versus the 6% we had indicated on the Q4 call. The good news is that at this point we are largely covered for the full year on key commodities. But to adjust this cost hike, we are taking additional pricing and tightening our belts. We have been pacing our pricing execution in the market place, including both rate hours and visual pricing to minimize the impact on consumers. Importantly, our earlier raise and the pricing we have taken in a number of markets suggests that elasticities are better than anticipated and show our brands pricing power in the marketplace. Now as consumer outlook on food is going up, we are watching very carefully to see how that expenditure is going to be allotted across categories so that we can take the appropriate actions to drive growth of our category. For the year as a whole, our focus remains on managing our portfolio to achieve our full year performance objectives. John, Mike, and Richard will cover the specific action, plans, and play to address this high level of input inflation. But before I hand it off to them, I want to reinforce PepsiCos considerable capability advantages. First, our culture of innovation. We have a robust innovation pipeline that enables us to sustain consumer momentum while also achieving the price realization required to help offset significant input cost inflation. We intend to fully leverage this pipeline for growth throughout the year and to continue to transform our portfolio with health and wellness option. Second, we have a productivity culture and a passion for execution; both critical to ensure that we derive all the benefits possible across our businesses. Our teams are focused on both cost initiatives and targeted price pack management so that we can provide strong relative value across all our brands. Third, our tuck-in acquisition strategy continue to advance and probably this quarter we announced the deal to acquire the largest juice company in Russia, Lebedyansky which builds our portfolio in infrastructure across the growing Russian market and complements a strong position we already have in juices in Europe including Tropicana in the UK, France, and Benelux and the recently acquired Sandora in the Ukraine. We also announced the chill dips joint venture with Sabra adding yet another new platform for growth. And we will continue to take advantage of tuck-in acquisitions to expand our reach and enhance our portfolio. Fourth, we will continue our important investments in our business transformation initiatives and stepping up our research and development capability. Both so critical to help us maintain and enhance our long-term performance. Lastly and most importantly we have a terrific management team with local savvy and tremendous commitment giving us the skills and experience to navigate the changing dynamics of the marketplace. Our goal is to manage the portfolio of businesses that constitutes PepsiCo prudently and to deliver our full year guidance, 3% to 5% volume growth, high single-digit revenue growth and earnings per share of at least $3.72 in 2008. With that, let me turn the call over to John Compton. John?
John Compton: Well, thanks Indra and good morning to everyone. This morning I would like to review the Q1 results of PepsiCo Americas Foods, which encompasses our food businesses across North America and Latin America. As you saw in the press release on a reported basis, we generated 3% volume growth, 13% revenue growth and 8% operating profit growth, solid results in the face of considerable commodity headwinds. So let me take you through each of our divisions and Ill start first with Frito-Lay North America, which generated 2% volume growth, 7% revenue growth and 4% operating profit growth. Let me first focus on the strong top-line performance and then Ill address profitability. On the volume side, I am very encouraged by our 2% growth, especially in light of the impact on pounds of the weight-outs we took this quarter. Weight-outs impacted volume growth by a couple of points. Across the portfolio, we saw strength across our core products with mid single-digit volume growth in our Lays and Ruffles trademarks and high single-digit growth in Cheetos and dips. Now, at the same time we did see declines in our Quaker rice cakes business and a modest decline in trademark Doritos. But remember Doritos was lapping double-digit growth in the prior year. Overall, Frito-Lay continued to drive both volume and value share gains in measured channels. So I look at the 2% volume growth and 7% revenue growth coupled with our strong share gains and it reflects to me the ongoing strength of our brands. Now on the profit side our 4% growth was about 3 points below our historical average and there was one primary factor. At Frito-Lay, we planned pricing four to five months ahead of in market timing. In the first quarter based on the commodity forecast we had in September of 07, we executed the first phase of pricing. Primarily as you know through weight-outs but we did take some visual pricing. The net effect was to realize about 4 points of positive price per pound. However, with the run-up of commodity costs we saw at the end of Q4 in the beginning of Q1 we experienced the gap between our Phase I pricing actions and our actual commodity cost which did impact profit growth in the quarter. The second phase of our planned pricing will address this issue for the balance of the year and effective April 20 we have taken visual pricing increases, primarily on a larger take home sizes. Now, we will maintain our promotional frequency in depth, but at higher price points. Once fully implemented in Q3 total pricing actions, the combination of the weight-outs and visual pricing will be in the high single-digit range for Frito-Lay North America and as you might have imagined these pricing actions will likely lead to volume growth below our historical levels. But based on our full year coverage of key ingredients, materials and energy, we believe we now have the appropriate level of pricing in the marketplace to cover our cost. Importantly, we feel that our innovation calendar is strong over the balance of the year to keep our revenue growth strong. As an example, during March we introduced True North nut brand to key customers and held sampling events in over 1300 target in Sams Club. We will complete our full roll out during the second quarter and True North is off to a very good start. We launched two new baked snacks, Lays Cracker Crisp and Cheetos Cracker Trax, both Smart Spot qualified and targeting incremental Cracker occasion. Responding to our number one consumer request for lower sodium versions of our core brands is our new Pinch of Salt line, it has 30% to 50% less sodium in the original products with all the great taste that you have known to love behind Lays Ruffles and Tostitos in Frito-Lays brands. During the quarter, we completed the formation of the joint venture we announced earlier with the Strauss Group, makers of the fast growing Sabra hummus and dips. Under the new JV, Frito-Lay and Strauss will each own 50% of the Sabra dip business. Sabra expands Frito-Lays role in providing healthier snack options and aligns with this fresh trend that is taking place in the market place. We are delighted to add Sabras Mediterranean dips through our portfolio. Now the final element of our operating profit story is always our continued progress on productivity of Frito-Lay. Frito expects to cover about a quarter of its commodity cost inflation with productivity. One example is our pre packed weekender merchandising initiative in small format. Its a standalone pre stocked merchandizing unit that reduces merchandizing cost and drives display execution. The success of this initiative is in combination with our broader up and down the street growth plan, helped to drive our CNG sales up over 3% in the quarter that despite traffic declines in this channel. So in total our productivity plans are on track across the supply chain, both to mitigate cost and more importantly to help drive sales. So to sum up Frito-Lay North America while the challenges and the commodity cost requires incremental pricing and productivity, the entire Frito-Lay team is working to continue our share gains to maintain our relative value, to minimize the pricing impact upon our growth and the return of the profitability to more typical levels for Frito-Lay. Now, let me turn to Quaker Foods North America. Our Quaker Foods division reported about flat volume for the first quarter but strong top line growth of 7%. Quakers top line was driven by volume growth in Quaker Oats and ready-to-eat cereals. Net price realization and positive mix resulted in 7% revenue growth and helped offset commodity inflation. All in all, Quaker Foods North America delivered a strong 7% operating profit growth and like Frito-Lay, Quaker Foods will be executing additional pricing through Q2 to keep pace with inflation pressures. Now turning to Latin America, our Latin American food businesses had an excellent first quarter. Each of its segments, Sabritas, Gamesa and South American Foods contributed to strong and balanced results. Latin American Foods reported growth was 8% volume, 37% revenue, and 27% profit growth. Now excluding the impact of M&A with the consolidation of a JV and a 4X tailwind, Latin Americas foods growth was 5% volume, 11% revenue, and 15% profit growth. Sabritas delivered strong performance during the quarter, driven by an effective wait out and pricing actions coupled with successful promotions that delivered unit volume and revenue growth. Gamesa also posed a strong performance with high single digit volume growth and continued top line momentum especially in its high-end cookies and its expanding line of healthy Quaker cookies, bars, and snacks. In turning to South America, South America contributed significantly to growth in the quarter, especially in the light of the capacity constraints in Brazil as a result of a fire in one of our major production facilities at the very end of last year. Brazil has been executing very successfully on its contingency plan which included SKU rationalization and leveraging the newly acquired Lucky production capability to its maximum level. The Brazils snack business will continue to benefit from the integration of the Lucky snack business and the launch of its new Twistos platform, which is a healthy bread snack. So in summary for PepsiCo Americas Foods they will continue to be lots of moving parts in the business equation over the next couple of quarters. However, I am pleased with the PepsiCo Americas Foods overall performance in Q1, as well as with the initiatives we have in place to manage commodity inflation while maintaining strong consumer momentum and delivering appropriate profit growth for the year. With that, let me now turn the call over to my friend Massimo.
Massimo D'Amore:
 : In Q1, total PAB volume growth decreased slightly versus prior year. However, every market contributed to the 6% revenue growth and total operating profit increased 7%. Although, I am pleased about the profit performance of these seasonally small quarters in our beverage business, volume growth in North America was below our long-term objectives driven by category result. So let me try to put our North American performance in context. Clearly, the economic slowdown of cash would be at LRB category. In quarter one, LRB declined almost 2 points in measured channels and we see continued cash from the category with all channel growth for the full year probably only flat to up slightly. This impact reflects a significant slowdown in the unflavored water category which has helped to fuel overall category growth over the past several years and a softness in the food service in B&G channel. Turning to our own performance for quarter one we were at least to hold total a share in the (inaudible) channel, but profitable top line growth for us and our bottlers continues to be a priority as we move forward. For Q1 in CSD, we held overall volume shares. In the phase of a challenging consumer and competitive environment and part reflecting our strong performance over the Easter holiday. Our Mountain Dew trademark continues to deliver growth. And heading into the summer we are further strengthening the trademark with our distinctive Mountain Dew promotion as it engages Mountain Dews loyal user base to create and choose their next flavor inauguration. Although we experience new single-digits decline on brands Pepsi, we did begin to see the huge connection and engagement in consumers, via our Pepsi Stuff loyalty program and the continued growth of Diet Pepsi Max. This years iteration of Pepsi Stuff is on track to be our biggest consumer promotion ever. We already had more than 1 million registrants, spending about 10 million each on the Pepsistuff.com website, consumers have redeemed over 400,000 prizes today. Diet Pepsi Maxs growth has accelerated on the heels of the using successful communication campaign which peaked off during the Super Bowl. Max repeat rates are very, so we will continue to invest in driving a trial, building its user base and expanding its footprint. Accordingly, we expect Max to continue to win market share. We are also pleased with our total Gatorade performance which grew almost 6% in quarter one. Our line expansion, G2 and Tiger are performing very well in the market. G2 style progression is the cheapest we have ever achieved for a Gatorade innovation. Even more encouraging is G2s label of repeat purchase, which is a good indicator of the sustainability of our innovation. After 16 weeks in market it continues to grow from a very solid base. Now it is also important to know that for both G2 and Tiger we quickly gained distribution, achieving our 90% target in just eight weeks. However, we know that the speed did not allow us to get all the incremental space we will ultimately obtain and this combined with aggressive G2 pre-launch inventory bills in quarter four restricted Gatorades overall volume growth for this quarter. Weve planned aggressive shelf reset to capture incremental shelf and cold vault space gain for the entire Gatorade trademark and we are working with key customers to complete these ahead of the time of consumption peak. Therefore, I remain confident that volume growth will continue to improve as we approach the warmer peak season and that Gatorade will generate high single digit growth for full year 2008.
 : Our Lipton tea business continued to drive our non-carbs growth and build our leading share position in the ready-to-drink tea categories. The better capture new consumption occasions, we are continuing to add the new packaging to appeal to a broader range of consumers. For example, we are rolling out our Jack package in selected geographies targeted as heavy tea drinkers.
 : Our Lipton tea business continued to drive our non-carbs growth and build our leading share position in the ready-to-drink tea categories. The better capture new consumption occasions, we are continuing to add the new packaging to appeal to a broader range of consumers. For example, we are rolling out our Jack package in selected geographies targeted as heavy tea drinkers.
 :
.:
 :
 : I also would like to note that Naked Juice, posted 10% volume growth and had an important food service week. You can now enjoy a Naked Juice at Starbucks across the country, a new prestige outlet for the brand that will increase trial and drive growth. Clearly the dynamics are changing in the North American liquid refreshment beverage category. However, we have some clear advantages that give us confidence going forward. We are the leading non-carbs portfolio in North America. Our Mountain Dew brand continues its growth, our innovation like G2 and Max are all doing well in the marketplace. Our exposure to the food service channel is limited. We have a strong calendar of programs with our customers and very importantly we have a constructive relationship with our bottling partners. Now turning to south of the border, I continue to be encouraged by the post even sales of our beverage business in Latin America. Volume in the region grew mid single digit during quarter one. Trademark Pepsi grew well and we enjoyed the CSD market share gains across many of our key markets. H2O our win-win product line intersection of CSDs and flavored water continues to grow and is broadening its appeal with new flavors like apple and citrus. Non-carbs set the pace in Latin America with strength across virtually all our brands, particularly Lipton, Delit flavored water, and Tropicana. Gatorade grew mid single-digit and continues to lead the sport drink category in Latin America by far. So in summary, I expect 2008 to be a year of growth and rebuilding for PAB beverages. I am convinced we are making the right bet and we will continue to show profits, especially in our hydration, tea, energy, and Latin America chambers. Now, let me turn it over to Mike.
 : I also would like to note that Naked Juice, posted 10% volume growth and had an important food service week. You can now enjoy a Naked Juice at Starbucks across the country, a new prestige outlet for the brand that will increase trial and drive growth. Clearly the dynamics are changing in the North American liquid refreshment beverage category. However, we have some clear advantages that give us confidence going forward. We are the leading non-carbs portfolio in North America. Our Mountain Dew brand continues its growth, our innovation like G2 and Max are all doing well in the marketplace. Our exposure to the food service channel is limited. We have a strong calendar of programs with our customers and very importantly we have a constructive relationship with our bottling partners. Now turning to south of the border, I continue to be encouraged by the post even sales of our beverage business in Latin America. Volume in the region grew mid single digit during quarter one. Trademark Pepsi grew well and we enjoyed the CSD market share gains across many of our key markets. H2O our win-win product line intersection of CSDs and flavored water continues to grow and is broadening its appeal with new flavors like apple and citrus. Non-carbs set the pace in Latin America with strength across virtually all our brands, particularly Lipton, Delit flavored water, and Tropicana. Gatorade grew mid single-digit and continues to lead the sport drink category in Latin America by far. So in summary, I expect 2008 to be a year of growth and rebuilding for PAB beverages. I am convinced we are making the right bet and we will continue to show profits, especially in our hydration, tea, energy, and Latin America chambers. Now, let me turn it over to Mike.
. : I also would like to note that Naked Juice, posted 10% volume growth and had an important food service week. You can now enjoy a Naked Juice at Starbucks across the country, a new prestige outlet for the brand that will increase trial and drive growth. Clearly the dynamics are changing in the North American liquid refreshment beverage category. However, we have some clear advantages that give us confidence going forward. We are the leading non-carbs portfolio in North America. Our Mountain Dew brand continues its growth, our innovation like G2 and Max are all doing well in the marketplace. Our exposure to the food service channel is limited. We have a strong calendar of programs with our customers and very importantly we have a constructive relationship with our bottling partners. Now turning to south of the border, I continue to be encouraged by the post even sales of our beverage business in Latin America. Volume in the region grew mid single digit during quarter one. Trademark Pepsi grew well and we enjoyed the CSD market share gains across many of our key markets. H2O our win-win product line intersection of CSDs and flavored water continues to grow and is broadening its appeal with new flavors like apple and citrus. Non-carbs set the pace in Latin America with strength across virtually all our brands, particularly Lipton, Delit flavored water, and Tropicana. Gatorade grew mid single-digit and continues to lead the sport drink category in Latin America by far. So in summary, I expect 2008 to be a year of growth and rebuilding for PAB beverages. I am convinced we are making the right bet and we will continue to show profits, especially in our hydration, tea, energy, and Latin America chambers. Now, let me turn it over to Mike.
Mike White: Thanks, Massimo. Good morning everyone. Let me start by saying that I am particularly pleased with PIs first quarter results from three perspectives. We had strong double-digit volume growth and strong profit growth as well. The growth was very broad based across all of our markets, both developed and emerging and both of our categories, snacks and beverages and we made some strategic progress with our major acquisition of Lebedyansky and several important products launches under the Tropicana brand globally. Now, as a reminder, PI includes all of our snacks and beverage businesses outside of the Americas. The strong momentum from 2007 has continued into 2008 with our businesses delivering double-digit volume growth in both snacks and beverages as I mentioned, 27% revenue growth and 26% operating profit growth. Now on an organic basis, excluding the benefits of the positive foreign currency translation and acquisitions which we completed, PI still delivered very robust and balanced Q1 growth; 10% snack and beverage volume growth, 12% revenue growth, and 14% operating profit. The comparable operating margin excluding 4X acquisitions and consolidations was 13.9%, up almost 30 basis points versus prior year. Now, before I give you an overview of our two key regions, let me make a couple of broader comments about PI in total. First PI showed great top line strength in the quarter. Volume growth in both beverages and snacks was broad based but was especially robust in our emerging markets. And as I mentioned, even without the tailwind of acquisitions, snacks and beverages each grew 10%.
 :
 : Our secondary focus is the regional expansion of successful new products across several markets. We expanded the geographic footprint of Pepsi Max in China and well be launching Max in India, Vietnam and Pakistan in Q2. Also in Q2 we will be launching H2O in China, Lebanon, Finland and Switzerland.
 : Our Tropicana juice platform expanded meaningfully in the quarter. We launched Tropicana Twister in India supported by extensive sampling and national media to build awareness and trial and well be expanding our current PET package offering by adding returnable glass in Q2. And in China, Tropicana juice drinks with their unique food and flavor blends have proved to be a big hit with consumers. Our Tropicana Smoothies innovation in the UK is off to a terrific start on top of solid growth in the base Tropicana business as well. We finally as Indra mentioned, the pending acquisition of the Lebedyansky juice business in Russia, which we bought in partnership with PBG compliments our beverage portfolio, providing greater scale, additional distribution muscle, a strong and entrepreneurial group of managers in Russia as well as a juice portfolio of leading brands in the health and wellness space in that critically important emerging market. So we are very excited about our progress particularly in juice, and adding this exciting business Lebedyansky to PI. Finally, although it is early days in our pricing journey I would say in many markets, our Q1 volume trends were very good as we match commodity dollar cost increases with price realization. However, we are as always vigilant and maybe keep in mind that cost have continued to rise past our estimates earlier in the year, particularly in our expectations for the second half of the year with a new crop. And we have more pricing plans for the end of Q2 and Q3. We are encouraged by the success of our pricing so far and we are doing better than our elasticity models would have suggested, but we will of course remain alert to the consumer affordability issues that may arise as well as the relative value in the market place that we have in the consumers food basket as we mover forward with our pricing actions. So with that let me review each of the two major geographic areas in our reported segments. In Q1 our UK, Europe segment delivered strong top and bottom line results, excluding the impact of foreign exchange in acquisitions, our UK, Europe businesses grew snack volume by 7%, beverage volume by 8%, net revenue by 8%, and operating profit by 11%. In snacks the most notable drivers of our volume growth were Russia with over 30% growth and even a developed country Spain had growth in the high single digits. In the UK, our Walkers business had a slight volume decline but very solid revenue growth, right in line with our plan and expectations, reflecting the success our of great British potato campaign as well as the growth of our baked Walkers line and our Sun Bites wholegrain product which is similar to the US Sun Chips product. In the UK and Europe, beverage volumes were fuelled by double digit growth in Russia and other Eastern European markets. We also of course benefited from last years acquisition of Sandora in the Ukraine with our beverage partner PAS as well as the Phase II of the PepsiCo-Lipton joint venture which we announced last fall. In the UK, Tropicana delivered terrific volume growth driven by both Core, not-from-concentrate, as well as from the newly introduced Tropicana Smoothies product. Our bottom line in the UK and Europe grew 18% in spite of commodity cost headwinds. And excluding 4X and acquisitions, operating profit margins grew by about 30 basis points. In total, I think we made very good progress in our UK and Europe sector. Moving across the globe toward developing Middle East, Africa, Asia segment, I am very pleased to report that we had another terrific quarter. On a reported basis, our snacks volume grew 15% and beverage grew 11%. Net revenue was up 30 and operating profit expanded 32%. Our volume growth was not impacted significantly by acquisitions or consolidations. Revenue increased 16% and operating profit 17% net of the combination of Forex benefits and some M&A. In China, we had an outstanding performance during the Chinese New Year celebration. The result was strong double-digit growth in both of our snacks and beverage businesses during January and February. We continue to make aggressive investments in China, as we expand our footprint, as we nationally launched our Tropicana juice drink. Consumer engagement continues to be high on our list of marketing priorities in China through our Go China campaign and our distinctive Pepsi icon of two thumbs up. In the Middle East, Saudi Arabia also turned in a double-digit volume growth performance in both snacks and beverages. On the snack side volume was boosted by the strength of Doritos and beverage top-line momentum benefited from the expansion of H2O and was further accelerated by a positive mix shift towards juices. And in India, I am very encouraged by our ongoing double-digits snacks volume growth, driven by growth in the Northern regions and some successful promotional activities. And in beverages as well our Tropicana Twister launch in India provided incremental growth as a whole new non-carb platform. In summary, Q1 was a solid start to the year for PI with strong top-line volume momentum continuing as we had in 2007. Volume momentum is broad-based across the portfolio and I am encouraged by the continued vibrancy of all of our markets. As I look through the balance of the year, commodity costs inflation will certainly continue to be a significant factor to manage. However, we in the PI team are confident in our revenue management and productivity measures to help offset those headwinds and allow us to continue to deliver the profit growth rates I have spoken about in the past of mid-teen profit growth. So with that let me turn it to Richard.
Richard: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. We had strong operating results in Q1 with revenues up 13% and division operating profit up 10% however, as we discussed in our fourth quarter call, we experienced a few points of deleverage below the line primarily as a result of mark-to-market accounting and a higher Q1 tax rate. In Q1 the overlaps on certain mark-to-markets commodities for which we dont get hedge accounting produced a significant year-over-year delta. We had a gain last year of $17 million and a loss this year of $4 million. Keep in mind that over the duration of the contract, the mark-to-market impact and corporate cost is zero with the hedge itself ultimately being reflected in division operating profit. In addition our tax rate for the quarter was 26.7% which was up a 110 basis points versus last year, yet this quarters rate was still below our full year guidance of 27.5%, but the benefit didnt impact our EPS of 70%. Finally our weighted average diluted share count declined by 2.5%, which reflected the impact of our share repurchase program. Moving on to cash flow, we are on pace to achieve our full year cash flow and CapEx targets, we expect $7.6 billion in cash from operating activities and $2.7 billion in capital spending. And in the quarter we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders, $610 million in dividends and $1.5 billion in share repurchases. Let me turn now to our balance of the year outlook. As Indra mentioned our full year outlook for commodity cost inflation is 9% to 10% for total Pepsico in 2008. The GAAP versus the 6% guidance we had provided on the Q4 call largely reflects the continued run up in prices for cooking oil, grain and energy over the course of Q1. Importantly, we now have forward purchases or hedges in place for very high percentage of our requirements through the balance of the year with open positions largely reflecting the limited number of areas where coverage is not feasible. As Mike and John have indicated we have taken additional pricing and tightened expenses in order to offset these higher commodity costs and those costs are impacting our competitor as well. And I want to note that part of the increase in commodity prices is obviously reflection of the continued weakness in the US dollar but we are seeing the benefit of that in Forex translation upsides from our international businesses. Looking ahead to Q2 and the balance of the year, we are expecting that the additional pricing both in the form of visual pricing and wait outs will result in slightly lower volume growth in our snacks businesses than we have seen in the past several quarters. In Q2 there will be some put and takes below the division operating profit line, primarily lapping of mark-to-market gains we had the prior year offset by the lower share count. Tax rates for the quarter are expected to be relatively consistent with last years. With solid overall result in the first quarter, we are reiterating our guidance for the full year, volume of 3-5%, high single digit revenue growth, and EPS growth of at least $3.72 of share which represents 10% growth of our quarter 2007 EPS of $2.38. Let me turn it back now to Indra.
Goodman: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. We had strong operating results in Q1 with revenues up 13% and division operating profit up 10% however, as we discussed in our fourth quarter call, we experienced a few points of deleverage below the line primarily as a result of mark-to-market accounting and a higher Q1 tax rate. In Q1 the overlaps on certain mark-to-markets commodities for which we dont get hedge accounting produced a significant year-over-year delta. We had a gain last year of $17 million and a loss this year of $4 million. Keep in mind that over the duration of the contract, the mark-to-market impact and corporate cost is zero with the hedge itself ultimately being reflected in division operating profit. In addition our tax rate for the quarter was 26.7% which was up a 110 basis points versus last year, yet this quarters rate was still below our full year guidance of 27.5%, but the benefit didnt impact our EPS of 70%. Finally our weighted average diluted share count declined by 2.5%, which reflected the impact of our share repurchase program. Moving on to cash flow, we are on pace to achieve our full year cash flow and CapEx targets, we expect $7.6 billion in cash from operating activities and $2.7 billion in capital spending. And in the quarter we returned $2.1 billion to shareholders, $610 million in dividends and $1.5 billion in share repurchases. Let me turn now to our balance of the year outlook. As Indra mentioned our full year outlook for commodity cost inflation is 9% to 10% for total Pepsico in 2008. The GAAP versus the 6% guidance we had provided on the Q4 call largely reflects the continued run up in prices for cooking oil, grain and energy over the course of Q1. Importantly, we now have forward purchases or hedges in place for very high percentage of our requirements through the balance of the year with open positions largely reflecting the limited number of areas where coverage is not feasible. As Mike and John have indicated we have taken additional pricing and tightened expenses in order to offset these higher commodity costs and those costs are impacting our competitor as well. And I want to note that part of the increase in commodity prices is obviously reflection of the continued weakness in the US dollar but we are seeing the benefit of that in Forex translation upsides from our international businesses. Looking ahead to Q2 and the balance of the year, we are expecting that the additional pricing both in the form of visual pricing and wait outs will result in slightly lower volume growth in our snacks businesses than we have seen in the past several quarters. In Q2 there will be some put and takes below the division operating profit line, primarily lapping of mark-to-market gains we had the prior year offset by the lower share count. Tax rates for the quarter are expected to be relatively consistent with last years. With solid overall result in the first quarter, we are reiterating our guidance for the full year, volume of 3-5%, high single digit revenue growth, and EPS growth of at least $3.72 of share which represents 10% growth of our quarter 2007 EPS of $2.38. Let me turn it back now to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks Richard and to sum up again, as all of us said, we have had a solid start to the year. The portfolio is working and importantly we feel pretty good about the prospects of events of the year. So, with that operator we will now be glad to open the line for question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Marc Greenberg with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Marc.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: I understand the commodity pressure you are seeing. I guess my question relates to the fact that in years past you have had a great ability with procurement and supply chain to mitigate some of these pressures. I wonder if you and Richard could talk about what is different now if its harder to hedge or lock up on key inputs as you become more global and what kind of factors we should consider as we look at ongoing inflation risks.
Richard Goodman: Well, I think what you are really seeing is, we have come out with the 6% forecast for commodities and now we are at 9% to 10% and really the issue is around not fundamental procurement but around whats happening in the commodity markets and it is really related to what is happening in grains and in cooking oil and energy. We were largely covered in the first half of the year on those commodities as we normally would be, but were largely open in the second half of the year particularly on grains and to some degree on energy and that wasnt keeping with where we would normally be based on crop cycles. It also reflected our view and then you saw at the end of 2004 that there were huge spikes in grains and at the beginning of 2008 and we were assuming that that some of that would reverse as we went into 2008. Not to prior historical levels but to certainly to levels below the peaks that we have been seeing and clearly that did not happen. Oil prices rose dramatically, as did vegetable oil and corn by a substantial amount. So right now weve taken as we have said in the prepared remarks, we have taken significant coverage where we have forward purchases or hedges are available and that encompasses a large percentage of our requirement. On an ongoing basis I think what youll see is us beginning to work a little bit harder and a little bit more diligently, we are trying to take more forward cover to the extent that we can.
Indra Nooyi: Marc, let me just add to what Richard just said, the fact of the matter is for many years now weve been operating in a deflationary environment. So in the last 12 months or so inflation is coming back to commodities, in the last quarter it has accelerated. The unfortunate part is that all the pundits in the markets who follow commodities and on whose opinions followed curves are set have all said that commodity price is actually going to come down and thats why you are seeing forward curves actually lower than current spot prices. What we are doing now is rebuilding our commodity assessment capability in an inflationary environment, which almost bucks the trend which the forward curves indicates. So it has taken us a quarter or two to catch up and I think we have rebuilt that capability inside and that is why we have gone out and largely hedged for the balance of the year. So, it was just a question of catch-up and going forward we are watching the commodity markets very, very carefully and we will start locking our positions as and when we feel comfortable that we should protect the P&L.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks Indra, I think by now you should know better than to listen to analysts.
Indra Nooyi: I said pundits, not analysts.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good morning everybody.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Bill.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Question on Frito-Lay North America and again on the commodity outlook. You mentioned the four point rate lift in the first quarter moving toward high single digit balance of the year and what kind of volume moderation are you building in? Do you expect to deliver what John had termed as appropriate operating profit growth, as this is a significant change from the consumer perspective who observes this as more of a visual price increase?
Indra Nooyi: Yeah, its a great question, wheres John?
John Compton: Good morning, this is John. You know our approach has been a combination of both, wait-out which as you know has zero elasticity because we dont see any unit fall off with the wait-out although you do see volume off, and visual pricing. And as Indra said, we have taken some visual pricing in the first quarter and we are encouraged by the elasticity that weve seen so far on that. The actions we took on April 20th were on our -- primarily our XXL sizes but we did take some on our smaller sizes, the XL size. Those products are sold at full revenue in some cases and they are dealt on promotion and others. You know, we look at the relative value that we have relative to other salty snacks and to other macro snacks and right now everyone is pricing up. So, we are very mindful of our gap to competition and we are encouraged what we are seeing so far on the elasticity of the visual prices that we have taken and we would be -- you know, wed be honest to say that we do expect some volume fall off. We wont know until we get further into the quarter but we do see volume mitigating somewhat. We reported 2% in Q1. I think it will fall below that as we go forward but it will cover the cost and therefore return us back to the profitability levels that we expect to achieve and we watch market shares, you know, every week by channel, by customer, so we are mindful of our share position in the market place at the same time.
Indra Nooyi: Also to let you know, we also talked about price pack architecture and the fact that we are looking at it very carefully. We will start looking at what should be the right price pack architecture going forward and our expectation is that unit growth will still continue even though pound growth will moderate quite a bit.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: And just to follow-up on the commodities. I know 09 is a bit off but given that you had that coverage in place in the first half if the spot prices dont back off, we would assume some significant increases at least in the first half of 09, that would be moving to the P&L as well.
Indra Nooyi: Well, thats what we are working through right now and again if you listen to the pundits, not the analysts -- if you listen to the pundits, the forward curves are still looking like they are going to be lower than current spot prices but trust me, everybody is focused on not just locking up 2008, which we had done, but is really focused on 2009 at this point.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from John Faucher with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Yes. Thank you very much. A question for Mike: we are seeing news about food riots related to rice. So can you talk a little bit about the overall food inflation environment in your markets, particularly more of the emerging markets? What you are seeing on the staples side and how that impacts, how you are going to be able to price to consumers over the next 12 months or so? Thanks.
Mike White: Yes, John. First of all, I have not seen a falloff in any of our emerging market growth rates. Keep in mind we have got a very diversified emerging market portfolio so it is pretty broad based. I am not really worried about one country or another and a lot of I think what you are referring to, John has been literally in the last two weeks, so prior to that I would say we were pricing mid-single digits in developed countries and high single-digits in emerging markets. Also keep in mind the overall inflation rate in these emerging markets has been recently been in high single digits or low double digits. So frankly it is not that unusual or that different. Now in the last couple of weeks you are seeing some increases on staples as you mentioned, but I would say more than anything thats impacting probably the bottom end of the consumer that is those that are kind of on the margin from an affordability standpoint for our products to begin with. So, at least so far our volumes continue to be very solid. I keep a very close eye on it. Weve got some additional commodity costs issues to deal with and therefore some incremental pricing in Q2 and Q3, but again, at least so far the economic activity in all these markets continues very strong and they are also even if you are going to keep in mind if you would take a look at the price of a barrel of oil in euros instead of in dollars you will see a quite different curve. I mean the weakness in the dollar has exacerbated this for the United States. In a lot of these emerging markets like Russia in India and China the currencies have been very strong and therefore the commodity cost impact has not been quite as severe. We have had no supply issues in terms of our contracts and our expectations for the balance of the year and our innovation pipeline continues to be very strong. So, I can only say so far, so good. I am on my way tonight to China, another emerging markets over the week and in next week but the markets I have been to and all of the words I hear so far are solid, but you are seeing significant commodity cost inflation in the food basket, there is no doubt about it.
Indra Nooyi: John, what do you think in Brazil?
John Compton: Yes, in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Venezuela even Mexico we have had to take pricing in those markets as well to cover inflation, and today we really have not seen much of a fall off. Our businesses as we reported are very strong, I just had a call on how we were doing so far in April and its continuing to do well.
John Faucher - JP Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Just historically Pepsico has been really effective in managing through a cost inflation through combination of pricing, mix management and productivity and I am sensing that maybe you are being a bit more relying on pricing at this point and I am just wondering first of all whether my assessment is indeed correct and secondly whether there are enough productivity buckets out there that you could continue to get beating to offset cost inflation and that being also part of, you know, the driver of offsetting the cost inflation in addition to pricing?
Indra Nooyi: We are talking about pricing for the first time. It is been a while since we talked about pricing. We have always talked to you about productivity and that is why you never heard about pricing Judy because we have been in a deflationary environment. Productivity is still going to be 25-30% of how we cover the commodity cost inflation but I do not believe anybody who is seeing 9-10% commodity cost inflation can cover everything with productivity, especially in such a short time. As you know, major productivity programs take a while to implement and get the benefits from the system. Yes, we have productivity programs as we had discussed. John spoke about it in Frito-Lay. All of that is going to the system. It is giving us very robust savings and we are adding additional productivity programs as we go along but when you have run-away commodity inflation, we have to cover some of that with pricing and that is what we are doing and the good news is the elasticity is looking pretty good at this point.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then just a follow-up question to John. In terms of Frito-Lay America margin progression going forward, it sounds like youre going to get all of the pricing in place in the third quarter, so should we think about second quarter margin being down again and then that going up in the second part of year?
John Compton: Yeah, I think Judy you will see as I said a sequential improvement in Q2 and the full impact of the pricing will be in the beginning of Q3.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
John Compton: We are midway through the quarter right now.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, thanks.
John Compton: Okay.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Christine Farkas with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much and good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Christine.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: I have a question for Massimo and then a broader question on elasticity. Just looking at your Tropicana business, we are seeing certainly major channels and improvement in the juice business or refrigerated juice business and it sounds like Tropicana still posted some modest declines. Can you talk about your positioning there or what you are seeing in the category?
Indra Nooyi: Massimo?
Massimo D'Amore:
 :
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And on a competitive basis some of your peers or the category seems to be moving up, finally recovering in the category. Is there anything specific why Tropicana might be lagging that trend?
Indra Nooyi: Christine, the Tropicana trademark is still awesome. Its the strongest brand equity in the orange juice business. Our brand equity study shows its still the strongest. It still has the leading share. So, if you took Tropicana, Naked and if you look at that whole business and the new Tropicana Pure thats going in, the innovation is all kicking in Q2. Yes, last year, early part of last year we had a tremendous shortage of NFC orange juice, so we couldnt really execute too much innovation, but going into this year Q2 and beyond you will start seeing the trends improving.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thats sounds like innovation timing. And then with respect to my broader question, Indra on elasticity, given Frito-Lay and trends in beverages, could you maybe explain the greater resiliency in snacks versus beverages? For example, in C-Stores, when the economy is softer, is there a way to kind of look at that?
Indra Nooyi: Yeah, the point we made and, John and Massimo want to chip in too. Beverages are highly penetrated in C-Stores and there is a proliferation of beverages and a tremendous variety of them so you ca not get incremental space and increment growth for beverages. So lot of new products came in, but it cannibalized over the existing products. Snacks on the other hand, our DSD systems takes snacks into the C-Stores and snacks are more food like and so people actually when they switch from food away from home to food at home actually buy snacks because they are food like and there is a lot of opportunity to increase penetration of snacks to C-Stores. So thats why we are continuing to see snacks growth in C-Stores and I think C-Stores and food service are the only two areas where you are seeing channel softness which has actually contributed to overall category softness and liquid refreshment beverages. John, do you want to add something?
John Compton: First thing I would just add that, thats the one channel in C-Stores where even the primary bulk of our business is the $0.99 line and we havent taken any visual price there, we took wait out. So its still a great value and you walk in the door, you couple that with good innovation like Doritos Collisions that we launched, plus the pre packed weekender that we put in the market place that helped us offset the decline in traffic by having more inventory in the store and thats why our growth was up around 3.5% I think as I reported.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot, thats helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Lauren Torres with HSBC. Please go ahead.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Lauren.
Richard Goodman: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: In the quarter you mentioned that you made a substantial increase I think its in your advertising and marketing investment of Pepsi International. I was just hoping you could talk a bit about how you are thinking about the investment spend or your investment spend for the remainder of the year. And just give us a sense of both your plans in the US and out of the US.
Indra Nooyi: Hey Mike.
Mike White: It was up and so is our revenue, so I mean and keep in mind our revenue was up over 20% I think and so our marketing kind of really goes proportionately with revenue. I would say certainly from our standpoint we are making some important investments. We launched Tropicana Smoothies in the UK. We launched Tropicana juice drinks nationally in China. We had Chinese New Year, very aggressive marketing campaign there but you know I would say our marketing approach overall is pretty consistent with prior years as we advertise around and innovation particularly in the first part of the year and I do not know if there is anything else that would be unusual or extraordinary that I comment on. I think it was driven by our new product launches. I mean it is pretty well growing in line with revenues.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: So, I guess as we think about your rising cost and expenses, we should not think that A&M is an area where you may consider pulling back, that is something that you are going to continue to on a proportional basis go forward?
Mike White: Our first and most important priority is always to stay relevant to the consumer and competitive in the market place and we will also continue to do that.
Indra Nooyi: And support innovations.
Mike White: Yeah.
Lauren Torres - HSBC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Carlos Laboy with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning Carlos.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Good morning Mike. What are your top priorities with Lebedyansky. I was hoping you could expand on the upside that you see for this business over the next couple of years and is this a business that you would expect to integrate further with PBG over time?
Mike White: Well first of all, thank you Carlos. I think that Lebedyansky is a strategic home run for PepsiCo and for PBG as well. It is the sixth largest juice company in the world and the largest juice company in Russia. It is a group that has I think both powerful brands. It has a tremendous infrastructure and capability in Russia as well as a terrific management team, its very entrepreneurial and very talented. In terms of the upside opportunities we certainly have in our business plans some plans for aggressive procurement synergies. We certainly think between Sandora and Lebedyansky and our other juice businesses there are some significant opportunities on both packaging and on concentrate for some synergies.
 : Smoothies. There arent smoothies in Russia. If I look at kind of our whole global kind of juice portfolio of products Ive got enough new products to launch for the next 10 years in Russia from a top-line standpoint. And lastly in terms of integration, we certainly think that there will be selective opportunities, particularly, probably, first in the more rural areas. Lets say in Siberia, areas where drop sizes are lower will go faster in working with PBG on either integrating distributors, warehouses or the go-to-market side, but frankly it is a large scale, very complex business in its own right. So our intent is at this point is to look selectively for those integration opportunities. I have no doubt that we will both benefit from best practice sharing and then I am sure well find some opportunities as we go. But really our business case is really been made more on the juice business in its own right and the juice drink business and I have no doubt both PBG will bring great expertise from their local talent on the ground and together this is going to be a great acquisition for us.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thank you, good morning everybody.
Indra Nooyi: Hey Kaumil.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: First one a quick one for Richard, in the past there was no input, that was more than 10% of your COGS, I just wanted to see if that was still true?
Richard Goodman: That is still true.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay, great. And then the other thing Massimo to follow up you talked about AMP and that was up about 60% or so. Can you talk about your plan to rather portfolio management between Soviet General and Russian AMP or is the plan to slowly phase out SoBe? And then just to expand on that, where do you see the incremental shelf space coming from brand?
Indra Nooyi: Go ahead Massimo.
Massimo D'Amore: So as far as AMP is concerned it is our number one player. It is as I said, but we have absolutely no plans to phase out to the SoBe Energy line extensions because they have a very specific benefit to consumers and they have a loyal user base. So what you have seen is that we have launched first AMP and then we just recently added three more flavors and we are having the incremental shelf space, because thats where the old category continues to grow and we have been growing shelf space. Research takes place especially in the cold vault we will have to increase our shelf space, but we are managing the portfolio across the three key offerings and their multiple flavors and we will continue to do so going forward.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Brian Spillane with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Hey Brian, how are you?
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Good, thanks. Hey, just -- Indra, can you talk a little bit about how the company is adjusting its approach to planning, I guess thinking about 09 in the medium term on -- you know, obviously that the environment has been very volatile and very difficult to predict, your long-term growth rates were set at a time when cost inflation wasnt really much of an issue. So, you know, is there something you are doing differently now in your planning cycle to try to get a better handle on it first? And then second, does it make sense to chase long-term growth goals that have leaked in the medium term that were set when inflation were so much lower?
Indra Nooyi: Brian I tell you, we are in the middle of start planning cycle right now and if we believed that the long-term goals that we have do not make sense, we will be the first to come and tell you. At this point, based on everything we are seeing, including our outlook for whats likely to happen in 2009 and 2010, we dont see any reason to back off our long-term goals. Why am I saying that? We are pretty good at productivity initiatives and we have got lots of work going on about how we can take additional productivity. We are very good at innovation and premium innovation definitely helps drive the top line and the bottom line. Third, its been a while since we have done a lot of price pack work especially in North America because that is another area where you can drive top line and bottom line growth and lastly, you know, one of the things we all have to watch out for is not to write-off the commodity markets and say everything is going to keep going up for the next five or ten years, lets watch and see how it comes -- how it shapes up because with grains in particular these are not five-year realization markets. In six months you can have the market turn in fairly interesting ways and if laws of supply and demand work, with this sort of price inflation you should see more supply coming to the market and we are already beginning to hear to hear of additional plantings around the world. And, all that it takes is one action by the government on bio-fuels for 25% more crop to come into the marketplace. So trust this management team to look at each of these issues carefully. We will look at innovation, visual pricing, price back architecture, and productivity, very carefully and at this point we do not see any reason to back off the long-term guidance we have given you.
Mike White: Brian, just this is Mike. One other comment I would make though is that and Indra mentioned it her early comments, may be it wasnt quite as clear, but clearly in - for the procurement function we are clean sheeting all of our practices. All of the advisors that we look to and there is not doubt that we are fine tuning our approach to what I call risk management kind of in the way we look at it in this kind of an environment. So there is certainly some changes that we are driving I would say more on a tactical basis in terms of how we are doing our planning in that. But to be honest with you nobodys crystal ball is perfect and as Indra said, there are a lot of factors at play here right now. But I wouldnt launch a thing that we are also not kind of relooking at how we are looking at the commodity markets as Indra mentioned at the beginning. Actually, weve had fairly extensive piece of work over the last 60 days going on in that regard.
Indra Nooyi: Brian, one other thing I would add is what we talked about in our international markets. Our categories are so under-penetrated in almost all markets outside the United States, excluding perhaps Mexico and the United Kingdom that our opportunities are tremendous. And remember we are not going after the C, D and E consumer. We are really talking about penetration with the A and B consumer who has the income to buy treats to help the entire portfolio of products. So we have a lot more growth in those international markets we are just getting started. So, if you put it all together, our growth still looks pretty good.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Hello.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Ann. How are you?
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I just wanted to get an update on where you are with implementing SAP? I think you are going live maybe in Quaker or Tropicana.
Indra Nooyi: Mike?
Mike White: Yeah. Hello, Ann. This is Mike White. All of our go-lives in both the US and international have been absolutely flawless. We have teams doing tremendous work and particularly in the first quarter we had a number of go-lives at several of our Gatorade and Quaker plants. They have all gone flawlessly, you know. Some normal bumps in the road that you would get in the first week or two, but I must say the teams worked tirelessly on that. We have had successful go-lives by the way in two snack plants. The first two snack plants in the world in Mexico with our project evolved down with Sabritas and that actually went very very well. I think I had a review on that earlier this week. We have had go-lives in China and also in the Middle East with our non-carb business and they have all gone flawlessly. So far in terms of the implementation any kind of operating disruption or whatever it is, there really has been very little to report. There were a few challenges in a couple of areas that we worked our way through as you might expect, particularly in our food service business but to be honest, it was very short lived and really the teams have worked tirelessly and have done a terrific job.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Thanks. Thats all I had left. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you for all your questions and thank you for your time and attention today. We appreciate your interest in PepsiCo and look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays PepsiCo conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jane Nielsen - VP, IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman and CEO Mike White - Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International Richard Goodman - CFO John Compton - CEO of PepsiCo America's Food Massimo dAmore - CEO of PepsiCo America's Beverages
Analysts: Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley Lauren Torres - HSBC Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities Justin Hott - Bear Stearns Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's, fourth quarter 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded and will be archived for 14 days. It is now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Jane Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nielsen, you may begin.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our pepsico.com website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. But we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance. You should refer to the investors section of PepsiCo's website under the heading "PepsiCo Financial Press Releases" to find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts. This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International; John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo America's Food; Massimo dAmore, CEO of PepsiCo America's Beverages; and Richard Goodman, PepsiCo's CFO. Today we will review our 2007 results in the context of our old structure and 2008 outlook in the context of our new structure. After our prepared remarks we will leave 30 minutes for questions and answers. I would like to call your attention to two items that affect the comparability of the numbers we reported this morning. We had restructuring charges in the quarter totaling $0.04 per share or $102 million pretax related to previously announced restructuring actions and division reorganization expenses. Our reported full year 2007 results also include the benefit of $129 million or $0.08 per share related to the settlement of certain foreign tax matters, $115 million in Q3 and the remainder in Q4. Reported results for 2006 included $0.34 per share net benefit of a tax settlement and restructuring charges. Excluding these items earnings per share in 2006 and 2007 were $3 and $3.38 respectively. On today's call, we'll refer to results excluding the items I just mentioned as core results which we believe are more indicative of our ongoing performance. The net is that our core EPS grew 8% for Q4 and 13% for full year 2007. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Jane and good morning everyone. We truly appreciate the opportunity to discuss PepsiCo's fourth quarter and full year results and our outlook for 2008. As you read in our press release this morning, PepsiCo had a strong finish to a very strong year. I'm proud of the outstanding work our associates around the world have done to advance our performance of PEP's journey in all of the dimensions. Whether it be delivering outstanding business performance; building platforms for growth through innovation, acquisitions and joint ventures; and advancing our sustainability agenda for our products on environment and our people. I will share my thoughts on our performance in 2007 and our outlook for 2008. Mike, John, Massimo and Richard will then take you through the division and corporate performance and our 2008 guidance in more detail. In 2007 our categories continued to demonstrate vibrancy and resiliency around the globe. Internationally our markets are growing and are particularly strong in developing and emerging markets where we gained shares. In the US, both savory snacks and liquid refreshment beverages posted category growth with relatively stable trends throughout the year. We gained savory snack share for the quarter and the year, and in CSDs, we gained share in the fourth quarter and had a positive share swing to our principal competitor for the year. That marketplace strength shows in our full year results. Our teams delivered excellent top and bottom line performance with 12% net revenue, 10% core division operating profit growth and 13% core EPS growth. In total we offset inflation with pricing and productivity while maintaining volume momentum and our team's leveraged strong developing market macroeconomics. We reinvested 4X upside to drive growth in our operating division and to support IT transformation and corporate R&D initiatives. The benefits of both the geographic and product diversity in our portfolio is evident in the consistency of our overall algorithms this past year. For the fourth quarter, strong volume growth, net pricing and effective cost management across the entire value chain drove 11% core division operating profit growth. We also successfully executed our tuck-in acquisition strategy to compliment our organic growth. These acquisitions help to scale our portfolio, expand our global footprint and extend our business into adjacent categories. In Q4, we closed on the acquisition of Lucky snacks in Brazil. We also advanced our penetration in adjacent categories with the announced acquisition of Penelopa, Bulgaria's leading nuts and seeds business and Frito-Lays joint venture with Sabra in fresh dips and spreads. In 2007 we spent a total of $1.3 billion in M&A transactions and every transaction will enhance our future growth and create value for our shareholders. And now more than ever, we have the right organization with a talented management team to take PepsiCo into the future. Our three divisions, PepsiCo International, PepsiCo Americas Food and PepsiCo Americas Beverages; build a more global perspective, allow for improved best practice sharing and provides greater development of opportunities of our management talent. You will hear about some of these benefits as Mike, John and Massimo discuss our division outlook. We've also added capability in the critical area of nutrition R&D. Dr. Mehmood Khan has recently joined PepsiCo as our Chief Scientific Officer. Dr. Khan comes to us from Takeda Pharmaceutical where he headed up global R&D. An MD with specialties in internal medicine and endocrinology, he served at the Mayo Clinic as the Director of Diabetes, Endocrinology and the Nutrition Clinical Trial Unit. Dr. Khan will guide PepsiCos long-term research strategy; provide leadership of next generation technologies, food safety, nutritional standards and quality assurance. Turning now to 2008, Im confident in our ability to continue our progress on our performance of PEP's journey, delivering both sustainability goals and our financial goals. Next year or I should say this year 2008, we expect to deliver performance consistent with our long-term target. We expect volume growth of 3% to 5% mid to high single-digit revenue growth and at least 10% core EPS growth. Im confident but recognize the challenges ahead. In our Q3 call I spoke to you about inflation and economic uncertainty and both are gone up now. The world economies outside the emerging countries are expected to slow in 2008. However, as Ive indicated all categories of comfort food and refreshing beverages have generally proved pretty resilient in past economic downturns. And Im encouraged by our continued strength in share gains in our important and emerging developing markets. It is clear, that inflation and commodity costs has accelerated particularly as it relates to grains and energy. We are estimating that in 2008 the commodity cost inflation across PepsiCo will average about six percentage points. To address this issue we're utilizing all of the multiple tools at our disposal. From a productivity standpoint we are accelerating effort to cross the entire business system. Product formulations, ingredients sourcing trade efficiencies, manufacturing, go-to-market and G&A. In addition, we will be looking to effective pricing both through innovative new products as well through judicious combination of mix management, product [data's] and absolute pricing. That said we do not expect our brands relative value proposition to change. Inflation is a reality for all our competitors and for private label as well and we are seeing them raise prices across all our categories. As always, our decisions have guided the consumer, customer and competitive environments in each market. Underlying these efforts are the important structure advantage that we have across the world. Our brands have highly loyal and engaged consumers. Our brands are affordable treats and healthy eats. Our innovation pipeline is robust. We have ubiquities availability through our powerful go-to-market systems and our global footprint is wider and stronger than ever before. And our key strategies which partially leverage our advantages and give us flexibility and resiliency remain unchanged. We will continue to execute or tuck-in acquisition strategy, invest a new platforms for growth, transform our IT capabilities and build and retain our talents. And as a team we remain committed to managing for the long term, executing with excellence and consistently delivering our annual targets. In total then I want to reiterate how pleased I am with our performance this year and the confidence I have in my leadership team and all our associates around the world. Now let me turn the call over to Mike White, who'll talk about PepsiCo International. Mike?
Mike White: Thanks Indra, and good morning everyone. Today I'll first focus on our overall PI results for the full year 2007, cover a few details on our fourth quarter results and then I'll provide a 2008 outlook for the new PI, which is comprised as you know of the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Africa. The PepsiCo International team had another very strong year and I'm really proud of the way they performed in 2007 on both the top line and our bottom line. For 2007 in total, our snacks volumes were very strong, up 9% for the full year and we gained one full share point of market share in our top 27 markets. Our beverage volume was also strong, up 8%. And totally emerging and developing markets had robust double-digit growth and we gained share there in both our snacks and beverages businesses. Innovation continued to be a key driver of growth behind new snack forms and flavors, expansion of Pepsi Max and 7-Up H2O into new geographies, as well as strong growth from Lipton and Tropicana in particular. In each of our markets, we continually work to maintain the local cost structure with targeted initiatives to drive productivity across the entire supply chain. To build out our infrastructure, we need to sustain our growth and we continued our IT transformation journey with successful and self-funded SAP Go-Live in Mexico, in China and Holland, and we're enhancing the global communications backbone for PI as well. As Indra pointed out, we were successful on the M&A front as well. We acquired the leading salty snacks company in New Zealand, Bluebird. We acquired terrific snacks business called Lucky snacks in Brazil. And in partnership with PepsiAmericas, our anchor bottler, we acquired the Sandora juice business in the Ukraine, the leading juice business in that country. We also expanded our partnerships with Unilever and Starbucks. And we increased our equity positions in both our Northern Latin America Snacks business as well as several of our beverage operations in China. As you saw in the press release, our core operating profits grew 18% for the full year. Core operating margins were down about 50 basis points. Let me point out that drop relates entirely to the impact of consolidations of already existing joint ventures. When we changed our equity interest, we added significant amounts of revenues, virtually 100% of the revenue of those businesses, but only our proportionate share of the profits, in some cases 50% or less. These consolidations reduced our margins by 60 basis points. The impact of all of the other acquisitions and divestitures compressed margins by an additional 20 basis points. So if you take all these factors together, PI would be right on consistent with the margin targets that I have discussed with you in the past. Focusing now on our fourth quarter results. Core operating profits in the quarter as you saw in the release were up 12% in spite of significant benefits we saw from foreign exchange in the quarter. Let me point out two primary factors at play. First, keep in mind we were lapping gains on the sale of a business in the United Kingdom last year, which contributed about four points of profit growth in 2006. The second factor is that we, as we pointed out in the release took advantage of our 4X upsides and PepsiCo's strong overall performance to consciously invest back in our businesses, both to enhance our competitive position as well as to set us up for good growth in 2008. The majority of those investments were targeted to emerging markets, as well as, to implement our SAP platform internationally combined they lowered our operating profit by about 10 percentage points. Let me dig a little deeper into the drivers of our fourth quarter growth. Our volume trends remain very solid, with snacks volume up 8% and beverage volume up 9%. And consistent with the strong growth we saw throughout the year our emerging and developing markets again posted double-digit growth in both snacks and beverages and we gained share on those markets in the quarter. Our core brands like Lay's and Doritos continued their strong growth and we saw the continued strength of our innovation as we close the year. Additionally, were encouraged by the improved top and bottom line trends at Walkers whereas Sabritas performance was very solid and consistent with our prior quarters. We've managed significant commodity cost headwinds all year and the fourth quarter was no exception. To address this we executed just under four points of net effective pricing and with similar increases being executed in the categories we compete in the relative value of our brands is unchanged or in some cases improved. Our teams remain alert to the affordability trade offs consumers may begin to make given the Euros, Pounds, or Rubbles theyve got in their pockets. With adjust product weight-outs, mix, and price pack management strategies to provide value and affordability for consumers around the world. That net we continue to deliver underlying top and bottom line results inline with our long-term algorithm while investing for the future. As I look ahead, there are tremendous opportunities for growth for the new PI, that is the UK, Europe, Asia, Middle East, Africa and we are well position to capture those opportunities in some of the fastest growing economies of the world. We have 86% of the world's population and yet we capture only $2 in revenue per capita in those markets, clearly we still have tremendous room to grow. Now as you'd expect from PepsiCo, we have in place the right teams, the right strategies and the right measures to navigate through the input cost headwinds we expect and we will deliver for PepsiCo in 2008. In our Beverage business we're executing price pack management to offer entry point packages, promotional value and channel specific offerings. And in Snacks we're managing our weight-out strategy and in same cases list pricing increases and trade productivity to offset inflation. And of course we are driving hard against productivity in all of our businesses. I feel great about our innovation pipeline for 2008, its rich and it's targeted at our critical innovation platforms for growth. In Snacks we focused on three fronts, first we'll continue to have more flavor extensions building local relevance and adding food authenticity, for instance Lay's [Shashlik] in Russia a new sausage flavor or Kurkure Xtreme in India offering intense flavors for teens. Second we'll continue to advance our better for you platforms through continued support of the successful baked launches that we had in both the UK and Benelux last year and extend that platform with baked bread snacks. These bread snacks offer the health and wellness appeal of baked in combination with great snacks like flavorings. In Turkey, we're launching a product called A la Turca, Office 3 to 5 to be used in the office in the afternoon a crusty bag and bread slice with local flavors like yogurt and garlic. And across Europe a similar type product name Sun Bites will be our snackable bread offering also with flavors tailored to local taste. In addition in our better-for-you arena we're going to be strengthening our multi grain offering with our Sun Bites product in the UK which has a third of the daily amount of fiber that you need, and Grain Waves in Australia. Finally premium innovation in potato chips offers flavor indulgence and intensity with terrific products like Red Rock Deli potato chips in Australia. And our premium delights flavor, Smoky Cheese in Taiwan offers a flavor combination resulting from both marinating and seasoning the chip with a rich smoke cheese flavor. And beyond our core adjacent categories with extensions like Duyvis pure and natural nuts will enhance our premium line in the Netherlands. And all of these products are at a premium price. In Beverages we'll continue our regional expansion of both Diet Pepsi, Pepsi Max and 7-Up H2O in a number of countries. In the UK we are launching Pepsi Raw, a premium carbonated soft drink with natural flavorings and colorings sweetened with real cane sugar. Pepsi Raw will be packaged in glass bottles and initially targeted in the on-premise channel.  In our non-carbonated beverages, we continue to drive against our new Tropicana juice drink platform, which we recently launched in both China and India. And in the United Kingdom, we're extending our successful Tropicana Brand with a terrific Tropicana Smoothies MFC product, a premium better-for-you fruit smoothie. And finally on non-carbonated beverages, we'll be significantly expanding our ready-to-drink tea business through the integration of the Lipton markets that we recently added as we expanded our joint venture, primarily in Western Europe. Overall, a strong innovation pipeline that drives relevance, expands our better-for-you and good-for-you offerings and extends into premium core and adjacent categories. And we'll also continue to build out our infrastructure to gain both manufacturing and sourcing efficiencies. So taken in total, we expect to be a strong driver of growth and profit for PepsiCo in 2008. Let me now turn the call over to John Compton. John?
John Compton: Well thank you Mike, and good morning everyone. This morning I'd like to review the Frito-Lay North America and Quaker Foods North America businesses for 2007 and then give you a brief outlook on the new PepsiCo Americas Foods. First, let me share my thoughts and a few highlights for what I think was a terrific year for Frito-Lay North America. The full year Frito-Lay North America growth algorithm was very consistent with our expectations. 3% volume growth, 7% revenue growth and 7% core operating profit growth with some margin improvement. Importantly, we invested in double-digit A&M growth over the course of the year to support both our core brands as well as our emerging health and wellness platforms. Our volume growth was built on strong growth in our core salty snack business with Doritos, dips and multi-packs as key drivers and growth in our emerging health and wellness brands like Sun Chips, Quaker snacks and Stacy's. Importantly, in measured channels we grew market share both in volume and value in the growing savory snack category and private label remained below a 12% volume share. I would also like to highlight that measured channels represent less than half of category volume and its growth is much faster in the unmeasured channels where Frito-Lay also gained share. Net, net 2007 was a very strong year for Frito-Lay. Our marketing teams connected with our consumers in meaningful ways and led the industry with award winning advertising and consumer engagement programs. Our sales organization delivered service and execution excellence, while our supply chain teams achieved a full point of manufacturing productivity. In short, a very strong balanced year for Frito-Lay North America and I could not be more pleased Now specifically in the fourth quarter Frito-Lay again delivered strong balance top and bottom line performance. Volume growth was broad based across our portfolio, were truing to 3% growth in Q4 and revenues grew a strong 8%. That top line momentum combined with manufacturing productivity allowed Frito-Lay to again invest in A&M and handle input cost increases all while driving a healthy 7% core operating profit growth. Once again Fritos position in the marketplace continued to strength in the quarter gaining 0.5 a point of volume share, and 4/10 of a point of dollar share in the savory snacks category. Growth in core salty brands and Quaker snacks was balanced across the portfolio. Doritos volume continued to growth even as we begin to lap last years "Crash the Super Bowl" excitement and the successful Blazin' Buffalo Ranch introduction. In this years "Crash the Super Bowl II" 300,000 Dorito fans voted online for the original music video that inspired enough for them be featured on a 60 second Super Bowl spot. We are confident that this kind of engagement drives growth and loyalty to the Doritos brand. Importantly, we also aired another consumer generated 30 second ad called Mouse Trap. Mouse Trap, finished number four in the USA Today Ad Meter. And like last years top performing ad the production cost was zero. All of this reflects our staying connected to the Doritos consumer. We are also pleased with the sequential improvement in Lay's volume was down about 1% in the quarter but our kettle capacity was coming online and began to have a positive impact. Cheetos grew with a launch of two intense flavors Chile Lemon and Xxtra Flamin' Hot Cheddar Jalapeno. In the Quaker snacks line growth was led by innovative products such Granola Bites and Sweet & Salty Crunch Granola bars and our Quaker Rice snacks business grew double-digits. To cover accelerated commodity cost especially in grains, cooking oil and fuel we realized about four points of rate increases. We did this using a combination of weight-outs and everyday price increases, but overall than excellent results for Frito-Lay both for the year and for the quarter. Turning now to our Quaker Foods business, we finished the year with solid top line momentum in the fourth quarter as oatmeal and ready-to-eat cereals help drive a 3% total volume growth for Quaker Foods. This coupled with effective net pricing led to 8% revenue growth. Now higher input costs, SAP investments and marketing investments; resulted in operating profit growth of 3%. As I look forward to 2008 we will leverage a combination of innovation such as our new Simple Harvest heart cereals and Simple Harvest bars and productivity to drive balance growth in the business. Now shifting focus to the future and to the PepsiCo America's Foods we are very excited about the synergies and about the opportunities for best practice sharing. One such example is a truck loading system that Sabritas developed and rolled out across Mexico and we're already testing that now in New York and the results are very encouraging.  Additionally by more fully leveraging power of one across Sabritas, Gamesa and Frito-Lay North America we will extend our leadership with a fast growing Hispanic market. And as Mike outlined, we have made key strategic acquisitions in key South American markets, which should strengthen our position in the marketplace. Let me take you through a few of the highlights for 2008, at Frito-Lay the innovation will again expand better for you choices. The coming months, we will see the launch of Lays Oven-Crisp, Cheetos Tracks and a lower sodium version of Frito-Lays Ruffles and Tostitos, a line that we call, pinch of salt. We will also continue our expansion into adjacent categories with the launch of our True North Nut platform. True North puts a unique twist on net offerings by offering both nut-clusters, nut-chips and exciting flavors to nuts. We will add more flavors to Doritos like spicy sweet chilly, which promises to build on the success of last year's Doritos line extensions. I'm confident that these new campaigns and offerings will continue to drive consistent growth at Frito-Lay. Turning to our Latin American Snack business which encompasses Sabritas, Gamesa and our South American food businesses, the innovation focus is also better for you. Our upcoming initiatives will expand our big platform with the Baked Cheetos introduction in several markets. Baked Twistos bread snacks in Mexico and Baked Ruffles in Brazil. At Gamesa, we are excited about the innovation in our Quaker portfolio. In Q1, we are launching two better for you Quaker products, Quaker Granola Pops and Quaker [Stella] bars. We will also be running our first ever Quaker promotion in Mexico this quarter which should accelerate our launches in the brand overall. In South America, we are extending Doritos beyond Corn using locally relevant foods as the base. Brazil is a great example where one of our upcoming line extension is at black bean based Doritos. Now, I don't want to ignore the obvious headwind that our food business has faced in 2008, namely, the ongoing increases in key commodity costs. And to offset these increases, we will use all the tools that we have at our disposal. Those include mixed management, visual pricing, weight outs and increased productivity. The combination of weight outs in the modest visual pricing will likely moderate volume growth by about a point, although our unit growth will continue to be strong. At the same time I want to assure you that we are committed to maintaining a strong relative value position within the categories and to continuing to gain market share. As in the past, all of our snack and food businesses in the Americas will continue their relentless pursuit of productivity in manufacturing, selling, delivering and product sourcing. So in summary, I am proud of the 2007 results, confident that we have the tools and the people in place to continue to deliver excellent operating results and I am proud to lead the new PAS. Let me now turn the call over to Massimo who will cover our beverage business in the Americas. Massimo?
Massimo D'Amore: Thank you John. I'll first cover the results of our North American beverage business for 2007 and then turn to the 2008 outlook for our new PepsiCo Americas beverage division including Mexico and Latin America. For 2007, PBNA delivered solid 7% revenue and core operating profit growth and at the same time, reloaded the innovation pipeline going into 2008. Across measured and unmeasured channels our estimates show LRB category growth of about a point for 2007. Non-measured channels drove the majority of the category growth and we continue to gain share in this important channels. And we did this in the context of enhancing margins of Tropicana despite the dramatic orange inflation and dealing with CSD pricing above historical levels as a result of commodity pressures. In CSDs we gained volume share versus our principal competitor and private label continued to lose ground. Our ready-to-drink tea business grew 25% for the year and gained substantial market share. And Gatorade improved in the fourth quarter which I will cover a bit later. Let me turn to our quarter four results. As you saw we posted a strong finish to the year particularly in terms of revenue and profits. PepsiCo beverage North America volume for the quarter grew 1% and within that, CSDs declined 3%, but we gained CSD share and so growth for trademark Dew in our successful new Diet Pepsi Max. Our non-cash portfolio grew high single-digits and Im pleased to report that the positive Gatorade volume growth momentum we began to see in August of last year continued through Q4 resulting in about 18% shipment growth for the trademark and high single-digit growth excluding the impact of G2 in November. Trade and bottle enthusiasm of the G2 launch resulted in strong initial orders. And looking at Gatorade off take, we saw all channels scans for the quarter at about 5% lapping 5% last year and that includes very little from G2. Our enhanced water brands grew about 30%. In total our hydration portfolio delivered double-digit growth for the quarter. Rounding out our non-carbs, our Lipton ready-to-drink tea and our energy drinks brands also grew double-digits. Lipton teas white tea innovation coupled with distribution gains helped fuel growth behind Lipton's Ice Tea. And the AMP brand drove energy growth in the quarter. The growth in finished good non-carbs and relatively soft overlaps from prior year resulted in 15% revenue growth and 19% total profit growth for the quarter. Now looking ahead we're very excited about our breakthrough marketing, robust innovation pipeline and sponsorship events that together will bring news to our beverage portfolios through the year. For the new PAB, I will share my thoughts on the US and then turn to the Latin American outlook. As you saw last weekend on the Super Bowl, we set out to put our brands where they belong at the core of popular culture and we leverage the most interactive and wire communication to do it. Our pre-game efforts generated outstanding awareness in top value and our associated PR has generated $6 million in comparable print and ad value already. Pepsi staff will be our biggest promotion ever and it is targeted to drive frequency and loyalty with our core consumers. The more Pepsi products you buy the more stuff you can collect. Justin Timberlake's spot on the Super Bowl launched our promotion, which resulted in over 1.3 million online video views and over 1 million Pepsi calls already entered online. Also on the Pepsi trademark our Nod spot communicated invigorating benefits of Diet Pepsi Max while putting a smile on consumer's faces. We have a strong multi-brand strategy in hydration, meeting key consumer needs states with a portfolio targeted offerings across our brands; Gatorade, G2, Propel, SoBe Life Water and Aquafina and its extensions. Our hydration portfolio had some great exposure at the Super Bowl and that visibility will continue throughout the year. Moving to specifics. I will first address Life Water and then Gatorade and G2. Earlier in the year, we reformulated SoBe Life Water by reducing calories by 20% while replacing fructose with natural sucrose. Adding specific infusion of anti-oxidant vitamin and healthy herbal ingredients and offering five new well liked flavors. Clearly, SoBe Life Water is a brand ready to be put on the map. We did it by adding Lee the Lizard, Naomi Campbell and the worlds most popular song and then the ad meter's top ranking for a new or re-launched brand. Importantly, on Monday following the Super Bowl, the Life Water commercial that was the most watched video on YouTube with over 400,000 hits driving very strong brand awareness that in turn will accelerate off take at point-of-sale, where our bottlers have achieved unprecedented levels of displays. The Gatorade trade mark will continue to benefit from exciting news. Fueling the G2 rollout was a media campaign that kicked off with the eye catching teasers prior to Super Bowl and then broke fully on the Super Bowl with the ad featuring Derek Jeter that provided a clear message on off the field hydration. You will see G2 and Gatorade excitement in the store as we leverage incremental (inaudible) placements and point-of-sale materials that will drive awareness in time. We are also looking forward to the launch of Tiger, in March. A new Gatorade formulation with three flavors that Gatorade Sports Science Institute developed in conjunction with specific hydration work with Tiger Woods. The packaging will also be new and distinctive with an improved grip for better portability. The energy category is dynamic and growing and we are making AMP of lead brand. Our new AMP line extensions elevate traction and relaunch our leading energy innovation with unique formulations that add functional benefits to energy drinks. For example, AMP Elevate adds antioxidants and LTN for mental focus and clarity, all with a new mix better flavor. These brands better target specific energy needs across our broader consumer base. AMP has teamed up NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt, Jr., who will drive the number 88 AMP Energy/National Guard Chevrolets at the Daytona 500 season opening in Florida. Along with this great visibility and presence across the AMP brand, this sponsorship offers a tremendous opportunity to bring excitement into the store. From local race oriented promotion to in-store displays, centered on Dale and the number 8 AMP energy car. Finally next week we are starting shipments of Tropicana Pure Valencia, the most premium juice Tropicana has ever offered, crafted from the top 3% of our harvest, the selected Valencia Orange juice. This premium product answers consumers growing demand and sets a new standard for premium juice. Pure Valencia is complimented by a line of four other premium 100% pure juice flavors made from consumer preferred fruits. With four great flavors the lineup would include both multi-serve and single-serve packages. In total we had a great lineup of juice for our US market. Turning now to Latin America, one of our main tasks on the beverage side is the expansion of a very successful H2O brand beyond Mexico, Brazil and Argentina to the rest of the region. In our larger markets we have H2O citrus flavor line extensions featuring natural citrus ingredients. Natural ingredients will also play a role in innovation like Pepsi [Treat] in Brazil which incorporates only the natural calories from lemon juice. Another key focus is to continue to build our Gatorade brand in Latin America, which is the largest Gatorade market outside the US, and an important platform and scale driver for non-carbs in the region. We will strength Gatorade across the region with country specific introductions of packing innovation and even more new flavors. In addition in our Lipton ready-to-drink tea business we have started to transfer the best practices from the US to Latin America and in 2008 we will be selling the brand in over 10 countries with high double-digit growth volume expectations. Importantly, what we have shown you and discussed is just a beginning. Across PepsiCo Americas beverages we will continue to strengthen our core, nurture our new launches and develop game changing innovations. And Im confident PAB with the energized growth in the 2008. With that I will turn the call back to Mike.
Mike White: Thanks Massimo. One dimension I'd just like to briefly comment on is how Johns, Massimos and my teams are working together with our new sector structure to increase our scale leverage across all of our international businesses. To accomplish this we're going to continue to leverage our international commercial and operating supporting center to provide outstanding service and insure that we effectively share best practices across all of the three sectors. And I fully expect that this ongoing structure in going to facilitate further joint new product development as well as packaging initiatives as we look to the future. In addition with my new responsibilities on procurement in IT, I am already finding opportunities to better leverage our global scale in those important areas as well. I'll look forward to sharing a few more thoughts on that when we get together at CAGNY. With that let me turn it back to Richard Goodman. Richard?
Richard Goodman: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. As we have indicated we ended the year with strong top line momentum, revenue was up 17% and core division operating profit was up 11% in the fourth quarter. We addressed rising commodity costs and made important investments in our operating division. As you saw from our release the overall division operating profit margin was down in the quarter, but almost all of that decline reflected the items at PI that Mike White talked about, namely the impact of consolidation, M&A and divestitures and marketplace investments. In the interest of time, I won't repeat what we said in our press release this morning regarding drivers of below the line items. However I would like to point out that a 220 basis points higher comparable tax-rate in the quarter was the primary driver of EPS growing slower than operating profits. For the full year the comparable tax-rate was 27.6% in line with the comments I made during our third quarter call and about 40 basis points lower than prior year. Moving on to cash flow, for the year, cash provided by operating activities grew 14% to $6.9 billion and capital spending was $2.4 billion with the net of almost $4.6 billion slightly better than our guidance. We returned $6.5 billion to shareholders, up 34% from 2006, $2.2 billion in the form of dividends and $4.3 billion in share repurchases. Acquisition spending totaled $1.3 billion, reflecting the strong deal pipeline we discussed at the start of the year. Now let me turn to our 2008 outlook. For the year and consistent with our long-term guidance, we anticipate volume growth of 3% to 5%, mid-to-high single digit revenue growth, and EPS growth of at least $3.72 which represents 10% growth of our 2007 core EPS at $3.38. Globally, we expect overall direct material inflation of about 6%. The big driver of cost increases versus the past couple of years is the grain complex, cooking oils, corn, oats and wheat. As my colleagues already indicated, we have a considerable number of tools to offset the impact of these cost increases while still maintaining momentum with our consumers. Taken as a whole, we remain confident that a combination of innovation, selective price increases and productivity will enable us to deliver solid division operating profit growth. And EPS growth, that's in line with our long-term guidance of at least 10% growth. I do want to point out that we expect our EPS growth in the first half of the year to be lower than in the second half. As you will recall from last years presentation, we benefited early in 2007 from gains on mark-to-market commodity hedges and from relatively low quarterly tax rates as a result of the new FIN 48 tax accounting standards. These overlaps will particularly impact us in the first quarter of 2008. In addition, early in the year we will have somewhat higher year-over-year commodity increases, then we were for the year as a whole. And not all of the offsetting pricing and productivity initiatives will have fully kicked in. As you saw in our press release and in line with our trading plan we have started to sell Pepsi Americas shares. Our goal over the next few years is to bring down our ownership level to approximate 37% inline with the level at the time of the Whitman merger. We also expect to continue to sell shares over the coming years in PBG to a target ownership level of about 35%. Finally our EPS guidance assumes a full year tax rate of about 27.5%, which is slightly below the comparable 2007 rates. Moving onto cash flow, we expect management operating cash flow after capital expenditures to be in line with earnings growth. Our capital investments remain focused on key growth opportunities as we continue to add capacity to meet demand particularly in our international market. And finally we expect share buy backs to total approximately $4.3 billion. I would like to remind you that beginning Q1 2008, we will start to report six segments versus the four we had in 2007. In mid March we will provide the segment results for full year 2005 and 2006 and quarterly segment results for 2007. Well I'm sure all of you will appreciate the incremental disclosure our goal remains the same. Manage the business as a portfolio on a full year basis. And now I'll hand it back to Indra.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you Richard. I know we've gone a bit longer on the script and we will allow a full half hour for questions and answers. But let me just sum up by saying that I am very pleased with our performance this year as I look at our portfolio of leading brands, powerful go-to-market systems, global footprints and most importantly the passion of our leaders and associates. I am confident in our ability to manage this business for the long term and continue to execute with excellence and deliver our annual targets. With that well now be glad to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research: This is actually [Joe Herrick with Gutterman Research]. A couple of things Indra, congratulations, solid results again. Regarding each division can you maybe provide some color as what you guys are doing with lean manufacturing TPN and Six Sigma?
Indra Nooyi: Joe, you're breaking up, can you slowdown and ask it?
Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research: Yeah, no problem. Regarding each of your divisions, can you provide some color as to how you're improving on lean manufacturing, TPN and Six Sigma and the throughput benefit you expect to see through your bottom line within each division?
Indra Nooyi: This is the level of detail we typically don't provide in this call. All that I tell is, if you look back historically, PepsiCo, in all of our operating businesses has been a productivity machine, we talk once every three or four years on the big productivity programs we are engaging on, especially in the large operating division like Frito-Lay. And a couple of years ago, when we were at our investor meeting in October of 2006, we talked again about the major productivity programs that we are undertaking. We are executing along those lines and that is as much detail as we are willing to provide. And Mike, you want to add something to that?
Mike White: Yeah, I guess, Joe I'd add that our businesses was as close to a lean manufacturing businesses as you ever find; if you go into a Frito-Lay plant, we compare to a Toyota plant, where they approach Lean manufacturing, I think you would find that in our velocities, we virtually we have almost negative working capital in the Frito-Lay business in the US. So, a lot of those tools we put in place a number of years ago because that's the nature of our flow business. And we played around with Six Sigma in India in a couple of other markets, but to be honest with you, we continue to think that the best approach for us on productivity is leveraging the front line ideas through our global Star World program, which we do across both businesses, the US and International. And then continuing to look forward for opportunities to reengineer our distribution go-to-market systems and I think we feel very good about our productivity initiatives for 2008.
Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research: What metrics are you using to measure yourself, are you looking at RONA, OE; how you guys figuring out, how are we staying competitive within the marketplace?
Indra Nooyi: We look at return on invested capital. We have several productivity measures that we look at internally to the company and we track every one of them nicely for every one of our operating businesses and as Mike said, it's not just in manufacturing, we do it across our distribution system, all the way to our front line.
Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research: But on a certain division within Pepsi, there you have a concern regarding throughput.
Indra Nooyi: No, not really.
Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research: You're not meeting your demand, your capacity?
Indra Nooyi: No, we are sized exactly right and we handle our capacity expansion very, very carefully. We are not concerned about this issue at all.
Joe Herrick - Gutterman Research: Okay. And final question going forward for 2008, could be very challenging for all companies out there heavily involved in manufacturing, what can be your top three initiatives that you want to put in place to accelerate your continuous improvement processes to show to shareholders, whether I'm the right person for the job, we're doing well within all of our division and we're moving forward positively.
Indra Nooyi: We've been pretty clear. Let me be clear. The three top initiatives; one, drive international growth and we're doing a very, very good job of driving international growth because most of the fast growing economies are east of the Middle East and we are driving growth in all of those areas and in Latin America, priority one. Priority two, make sure that our innovation pump is well fined and we have a great mix of innovation between premium innovation and innovation in all of our core line. And we spent considerable amounts of time in this call talking about the quality of our innovation. Third, we often talked about making every penny a prisoner in PepsiCo. That's what's PepsiCo is known for. We have productivity programs across the company, which focus on productivity. So, those are the three priorities for the company and we are very comfortable, that's what the entire company is focused on and we are proud of our record in that.
Jane Nielsen:  Joe, thank you so much. We'll need to move on to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Christine Farkas with Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Good morning. I'm looking at your Frito-Lay track record. In the last couple of years you've managed to put up 3% volume growth and 3% to 4% in price mix and if I heard your comments correctly, you anticipated potential slowdown in volumes in '08 on the back of stronger rate. What's different this year, are we hitting a new point in terms of our affordability or absolute pricing?
Indra Nooyi: John?
John Compton: Christine, thanks you for the question. Clearly as Richard said, the overall commodity market is increasing and Frito-Lay, historically, has taken somewhere in the 3% to 4% range in rate and mix increases. And as we go into 2008, as the commodity prices are going up, we will take higher than the historical average in rate and mix increases, most of which, a large majority or through the combination of weight-outs and weight-outs, as you know, don't impact unit volume. So, you will probably see our volume growth moderate a little bit from our historical averages, but our unit growth will remain strong and our net revenue should remain strong.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. On the back of that are you seeing any changes in overall channel mix? We heard some slowdown in beverages, in C-Stores. Are you seeing that in snacks?
John Compton: In Frito-Lay, we really haven't seen that yet. Our channel mix has remained pretty consistent. Our C-Store business exited the fourth quarter with good strength. So, so far, we've not seen that yet.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Carlos Laboy with Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning. Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Carlos.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Mike, can you speak to what some of the biggest benefits might be from your SAP investments you mentioned in China, Holland, Mexico and how do these investments change the way you do business or the way you can do business going forward?
Mike White: Sure, Carlos. First of all, this is a long-term transformation initiative, even in China it's probably a several year initiative. So, let me be clear on that, and our biggest implementation so far by the way has been at Sabritas and Gamesa. So, you have to think of it as a five year transformation initiative. We obviously follow our CapEx process, where we have return on investment projected including savings and we are targeting right in line with that. I'd say there are number of opportunities that we think overall in our IT agenda through the SAP initiative. First and foremost, it's going to help us be more effective in providing information on our business. Let's keep in mind, Carlos, with an International in particular, many of our businesses have exploded over the last four years and our IT infrastructure has not kept pace in providing the information that's needed for us to make the right trade off calls in the market place and I think it will help us there. Second, it's also very clear that we have a huge legacy across all of PepsiCo, on multiple platforms, way more varieties than you would ideally want if you were starting with a clean sheet of paper. So, there is substantial IT productivity as we start to shut down old systems and simplify and streamline under the SAP platform. This is also going to generate significant savings for us as well. So, as two of the top ones that I'd highlight, certainly it also provide us better productivity on our purchasing area, particularly areas like other goods and services that sometimes don't get the same focus that the core commodity purchases get.
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, let me just add to what Mike said. The two big benefits of SAP, whether it be International or North America, you get one version of all of the facts that allows you to look at the data in a more granular way in one place and you get increased transparency, you get real time data and enough granularity that you can make faster decisions at a point when working the right of the decimal point is as important as working the left side of the decimal point.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Marc Greenberg with Deutsche Bank.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Marc.
Mike White: Good morning, Marc.
Marc Greenberg  Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to talk a little more about your domestic snack and beverage businesses and I'm curious about consumer response to pricing in 2007. how that informed your decisions this year? And whether or not your models for price elasticity tell you anything about what happens in periods of greater economic weakness and if we start to see consumer really bear down, what kind of adjustments you can make to reflect that growing consumer weakness? Thanks.
Indra Nooyi: John, you want to talk about.
John Compton: Yes. Marc this is John, again in the fourth quarter you started see some of the pricing flowing through into the P&L. So, and we still delivered right at 3% volume growth in the quarter, it was broad based, it was across our core salty snack business as well as the higher price for pound health and wellness brands. Today anyway, we haven't seen a slowdown in our volume growth, now as I said to Christine's question, we are going to take a little more pricing in 2008 that we took in 2007 and so one would expect, just based on the normal elasticity model, that the volume growth probably will mitigate slowdown just a little bit, but all of our competitors are also in the same boat that we're in, as well as all the broader savory macro snack categories that we compete against. Some of which are not obvious confectionaries in businesses like that, where the rate increases that some people have announced are higher than what we have, will probably intend to take. So, I think market as we get into the course of the year, well know more and obviously, we'll see some channel shifting potentially. We'll probably see some mix shifting within our own business, but I think we are on balance. We've got it fairly well planned out right now.
Indra Nooyi: Marc, if you could just sit back from this question, instead of getting specially into snacks and beverages, this level of price increase, especially that began sort of last year, is new uncharted territory because for many, many years both snacks and beverages were a deflationary environment. So, we have to navigate through the things carefully, the only thing I'll tell you is, we have linked every level that we can deploy to handle revenue growth, volume growth and to get more productivity out of the system and because by and large we have DSD systems, we can actually implement changes quite rapidly, whether it would be snacking or beverages. And because we have a great relationship with our bottlers, we can actually sell to the bottlers to implement the changes rapidly. But as John said, we are on uncharted territory, we have to wait and see how traffic patterns evolve in all the retail channels, but at this point we are not worried.
Marc Greenberg  Deutsche Bank: Thanks Indra and just as a quick follow-up to that, if the core commodity pressures that you indicated are driving inflation higher, are you seeing any significant difference in the level of those commodity increases domestically versus abroad?
Indra Nooyi: Many of these are global market Marc, but Richard do you want to take this?
Richard Goodman:  Yeah, they really are global markets and we're seeing it primarily in vegetable oils and sort of the grain complex and those are being affected by all of the global macroeconomic trends right, and you've seen that from other food companies as well. So India and China's consumption is affecting the global market, the Biofuels, which is happening both in the United States and in some other countries, is affecting that. The weather in Australia, drought in Australia affects global prices as well. So, it is across all of our businesses and both the commodity pressures and the pricing and the weight-outs that we're going to see are going to take place both domestically and internationally.
Marc Greenberg  Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Hi everyone.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: I'm Judy. Massimo, I was wondering if you can just speak to the disconnect that we've seen in terms of your very strong shipment growth in Gatorade versus weaker scanner data on that product. Although some of that is G2 impact, obviously the scanner data is limited from channel perspective. I'm just wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the disconnect there? And then maybe, even more broadly speaking just in terms of the health of the Gatorade, product itself with the G2 launch, if you think that this is a product that still has legs to grow in a high single-digit rate?
Indra Nooyi: Massimo?
Massimo d'Amore: Yes, hi Judy. So first of all, let me really start by saying that we feel that the Gatorade franchise is very strong. And if you think about it we are selling the best range of sport drinks across the category. Now, on specifically your question, first of all the shipments as we said, the 18% about half was G2 shipments. While on the scan number we quoted G2 was [already] present was all core Gatorade. And as you said it is important to remember that our measured channel is only half of the story and actually we are very pleased with what we see in the non-measured channel performance. Now specifically on G2, remember that G2 is the biggest innovation we have done in Gatorade, probably since the launch of the brand. It is having a very strong start at the moment across all the channels and because it is really meeting an existing consumer need of providing hydration functionality at the lower calorie level. So we feel very positive about it and the early signs confirm our expectations. Now don't forget that as of next month we also start shipping Tiger, which is going to be another very strong innovation and right at the core of the Gatorade functionality promise. So, all-in-all, we feel confident with our guidance of high single digits.
Indra Nooyi: Yeah, and Judy let me just add one other thing. We went through December shipping G2 so that we have distribution when the advertising breaks. It's only with Super Bowl that the advertising for G2 has broken, which means consumer awareness through mass media is just breaking. So we have to wait a couple of periods to see how Gatorade and G2 perform in terms of the overall franchise, but the early reads that we have look positive. So let's come back and talk sometime when we have our Q1 earnings call as to how we did on Gatorade and G2.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that's helpful and then just a clarification Richard on the commodity cost inflation of 6% in '08. That includes the orange prices declining year-over-year?
Richard Goodman: Yeah, that includes some benefit. It's about half a percentage point benefit from the benefit on oranges. But now that the answer I am giving is a global answer as well.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Bill Pecoriello with Morgan Stanley
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Bill.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Question on the productivity initiatives for 08, you said youre looking at everything up and down the value chain and you took some restructuring charges also here in the fourth quarter. So what kind of magnitude of productivity savings do you expect in 08, or can you talk about in terms of the higher commodities that you are facing, versus what you expected; how much you are offsetting on the rate side versus the productivity side?
Indra Nooyi: Bill, we are not providing that level of granular detail, but just be assured that to offset this 6% inflation impact, we are balancing that inflation with pricing, productivity and mix management to deliver on our algorithm. So we are not providing you an individual detail in each of these buckets, but rest assured that productivity is a very major contributor to that formula.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Great, and then I had question for Mike on the international reinvestment in the emerging markets in the quarter. If I can get any more color on the nature of those investments, where they were concentrated and you referred to helping to maintain the strong momentum in '08 in those markets?
Mike White: Sure, I would be happy to Bill. If you recall, we said there was about 10 points. Thats about $50 million, $10 million of it was SAP launches in China, in Holland and in Mexico. The other $40 million are the marketplace investments that we talked about, Bill. About 60% of those were beverages, about 40% were snacks. The snacks investments were kind of the normal thing that we do opportunistically when we have room, which is, for instance, racks. We increased a fair number of racks in Mexico with Gamesa and Sabritas in the fourth quarter on the snack side. On the beverage side, we were ramping up both launches of non-carbs like Tropicana Twister in India and China, as well as Gatorade in China, in anticipation of the Olympics. We also are investing in a higher level of coolers and beverages, again targeted at key high growth emerging markets.
Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, your next question is from Lauren Torres with HSBC.
Lauren Torres :  Good afternoon.
 HSBC:  Good afternoon.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Lauren.
Richard Goodman: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Torres : Indra, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your acquisitions strategy for this year. Now as your competition has become more active, are you think about building your business differently, particularly your US beverage business?
 HSBC: Indra, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your acquisitions strategy for this year. Now as your competition has become more active, are you think about building your business differently, particularly your US beverage business?
Indra Nooyi: Our acquisition strategy has been relatively unchanged for the last few years, Lauren and I suspect it will remain unchanged for the next few years. We basically focus on tuck-in acquisitions, defined as those that help us fill our wide spaces, or add capabilities to our company in related and in adjacent markets, and that's really what we've been focused on. Our tuck-in strategy pipeline for 2008 again is very robust. We talked about $1.3 billion of acquisitions that we concluded in 2007. I hope we can keep up that pace in 2008 because our pipeline is looking very, very impressive at this point.
Lauren Torres : And also one quick question for Richard. Is there any guidance you could provide us with in respect to corporate expense for this year?
 HSBC: And also one quick question for Richard. Is there any guidance you could provide us with in respect to corporate expense for this year?
Richard Goodman: Yeah. I mean, corporate expenses actually were pretty flat in 2007, and we would expect them to be sort of flat to slightly down in 2008. Where you are seeing that in 2008 is, you will see some increased expenditures for our SAP transformation, both internationally and domestically, some of which is just really a mix difference between expense and capital.
Lauren Torres : All right, thank you.
 HSBC: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Bill Leach with Neuberger Berman.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman:  Good morning.
Indra Nooyi:  Hi, Bill.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: Hi. Richard could you be a little bit more specific on what kind of bottling capital gains you're budgeting for the year, in your 372 guidance?
Richard Goodman:  I think we indicated that we would continue to sell down some of the PBG shares that we own, and that we would and we've begun selling some of PAS shares as well. And so I think you will see numbers that are -- it certainly depends upon where the market takes us. Obviously, their stock prices have changed over the last month. So it's not a budget issue, it's a gradual move down in the ownership percentages.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: What was the gain last year? Was it about 8 times a share?
Richard Goodman: The gain was, I think, around $150 million. I think.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: So you would expect a comparable gain this year, just roughly?
Richard Goodman: I think we're not going to comment on the gains that we would expect.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: Okay.
Indra Nooyi: We don't know the price, that's why.
Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman: All right, well congratulation on a great year.
Richard Goodman: Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Brian Spillane with Banc of America Securities.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Brian. Good morning, Brian.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: A question on, in 2008 you're facing pretty high or very high commodity costs. You have taken pretty extraordinary actions, both in terms of pricing and productivity, relative to the average, in order to combat that. We look out over a three-year time horizon. How much of what you're doing do you view for budgeting purposes as being incremental? And how much of it is just pulling forward some things that may have been later in your three-year plan? And I guess what I am driving at is, as we think about our earnings models going out over three years, have we just pulled forward some of those levers or do you think this is incremental for that plan?
Indra Nooyi: Well it's tough to answer because pricing, we clearly have pulled forward. We would not have had this level of pricing. We would have had a slow increase in pricing over time. We've had to pull forward pricing, so that's very incremental. With some of the productivity programs, the ingenuity of the PepsiCo associates really comes out, Brian, because when faced with inflation, the teams just got together and said, what new ideas can we come up with? And Mike referred to our Star programs. Ideas seem to be coming forth from every corner on how we can cover some of the inflation. So I don't know if it's pulling forward, because our core productivity programs which are multi-year programs, those are continuing on. What we are seeing in 2008 is extraordinary new programs that are coming in place to cover extraordinary inflation. So I suspect year-over-year, you are going to see more of those come by. Moreover, Michael or John, if you want to add something on that.
Mike White: Yeah, let me just come out, because I've spent a fair amount of time with the procurement guys going through a number of the grain complexes and cooking oils. And all of the outside advisors would tell you that there has been a correction. That as ethanol and the use of food for fuel, as the connection has been made, and in fact the markets are beyond what they should be, if you look at the economics of fuel for food. Having said that, the markets are where they are. So, all of the perspective we get is that longer term, I don't expect them to go back down. There has been a one time, I would say, adjustment in the commodity markets, and who knows where oil and the fuel would go over the next several years. But none of the models that we have looked at from external advisors would suggest that there is another massive increase in commodities that one would expect over the next three years, even adjusting for the ethanol and that. Having said that, commodity markets are pretty hard to predict.
Richard Goodman: And I think also, I guess, this is Richard, some of the changes in energy or in food costs also create opportunities for new productivity. It's certainly against those, both from a formulation standpoint, as well as, from a manufacturing standpoint. So I think part of it is bringing forward stuff that we saw. A part of it is, there will new programs. And part of it is that circumstances themselves creates some opportunities for us, from a productivity standpoint.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: So then, is it reasonable to assume that there may be a little bit more pricing in your long-term model than there was maybe three years ago?
Richard Goodman: I think it really, at the end of the day, depends upon where the commodity prices are. We have no intention of doing any one pricing than we need to in the current environment, and it's a little hard to have a crystal ball on exactly, whether 2009, whether the prices will stay stable or whether they will continue to increase, but we certainly have no interest in taking any more pricing that we need to.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. And Richard, if I could follow-up just on net interest expense, any guidance there for this year?
Richard Goodman: Brian, I think overall you've probably seen net interest expense increasing just simply because we are borrowing for acquisitions. And so that what you saw this year was, the average debt balance went up roughly inline with our acquisitions, and as we do more acquisitions, you will see that interest expense go up. The flipside is, of course, then we will have the earnings from those businesses.
Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Justin Hott with Bear Stearns.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Can you answer a couple of questions maybe on Russia? The growth you are seeing in the metropolitan areas in Moscow, and in St. Petersburg, versus other areas of the country? And maybe how it's going on juices and cool replacements out there? Thanks.
Mike White: Yeah, Justin, it's Mike. I actually was in Moscow just a couple of weeks ago. First, let me talk about that we're very, very pleased and bullish on our business in Russia. On the snack side we had a very strong fourth quarter, with terrific growth in our Russia business of almost 30% kilo growth in Q4. And we're off to a terrific start in Russia this year as well with our snacks business, with strong double-digit performance there as well. So I'm very optimistic about our Russia business. Our biggest challenge on the snacks side is getting another [PC 50 Fryer] in there fast enough so that we can continue to support the growth with the consumer. On the beverage side as well, we had a very good fourth quarter. We are very pleased with the performance. We have terrific growth particularly on non-carbs. We were double-digit growth overall in Russia for the quarter with very, very strong growth from energy, as well as water, as well as our Lipton trademark which is a fabulous story in Russia. We have a very balanced portfolio, 50% is carbonated soft drinks, 50% is non-carbs. We're seeing good growth there, I'm optimistic, as well, about this year, and certainly if you look at the country and then you split it by region or by city, you're seeing just proportionate growth from outside of Moscow and St. Pete, but even Moscow and St. Pete continue to be healthy, but I think you are seeing trickle down of the GDP per capita income growth all across the country.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Mike is this strategy out there 
Mike White: Sorry,
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: In essence can you talk about what you have done out there? Mike White Our Tropicana business had a good year last year in Russia, and juices overall, again, you have to factor in some of the commodity costs challenges. So I think we're seeing certainly some price increases in juices, commence sort of with some of the commodity cost challenges, particularly on apples. And that may create some headwinds for the juice category in the short run, but again the growth in juices continues to be healthy, and I expect over the long run we'll continue to be a very, very healthy and attractive category in Russia.
Justin Hott - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks and -- thanks a lot. 
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Hi, good afternoon everyone. 
Indra Nooyi:  Hey Kaumil.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: I guess, Richard, first, we talked a lot about info costs and what you're doing, but not much about hedging. So could you help us on hedging so we can, may be monitor volatility and some of the key inputs over the course of the year?
Richard Goodman: I mean, clearly our coverage, we have more coverage, as you would expect, in the first half of the year than we do in the second half of the year, but we have -- we are constantly, just as a company, we do forward buys and we use some hedging mechanisms as well in order to be able to cover our commodity costs. And we've done that over the last several years and clearly we did that coming into 2008 as well. And what you're seeing, what I had talked about earlier was, clearly with the ramp up in the commodity costs in the second half of 2007, clearly the year-over-year lapse in the first half of the year, even if we had and even when we have coverage, it's going to be a little bit higher than it is in the second half of the year.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay. And then quickly on AMP, and the relationship with the bottlers. If we can get an update, I understand those discussions on moving the manufacturing over and those are having any impact on execution of institution as we go in to roll out.
Indra Nooyi: Massimo?
Massimo dAmore: Yeah, Kaumil. Indeed there will be absolutely no impact on the execution because the bottle, we're already selling the product before, so there is no change and there is some rebalancing of the supply indeed from co-packers to the bottlers, but this will have absolutely no impact whatsoever.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning.
Indra Nooyi: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Actually, good afternoon.
Richard Goodman: Yeah.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Just a quick follow up on the volume and demand [US] you have just seen on Frito-Lay. I guess, Indra, you noted that you have the flexibility of the DST network and that's true, but it differs from manufacturing kind of warehouse distribution, in that, fixed costs of running the trucks out everyday are kind of on you. So I mean, how do we think about if the demand elasticity is worse, does the pricing cover it, or is that a risk to the numbers?
Indra Nooyi: John you want to take that?
John Compton: Eric, as I said the Frito-Lay for the year did write at 3% volume growth and while we are going into a little bit of unchartered territory, again we are still expecting good volume growth in the business. We are talking moderate -- coming down to half a point to a point overall and we won't know of course until we get into the middle of the year. So far, so good, coming out of the gates, you can see the scan numbers in the month of January. So as it relates to the DST system, route engineering is a source of productivity as well. So that's something that we did in the fourth quarter. That's an ongoing tool that Frito-Lay uses, so they are constantly updating the route engineering models as is Sabritas and Gamesa in our DST systems in Latin America. So no, I don't expect de-leverage in selling expense, in our S&D cost. In fact, that has been a source of leverage for us in our P&Ls and I think it will continue to be one.
Indra Nooyi: Eric the advantage of having DST, is as fast as you can add routes, you can take out routes. So it's a fixed cost. If you want to look at it that way, but it's also a semi-variable cost because it gives you the flexibilities to take out the routes.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, All right that's helpful. Thank you.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you all for your time and attention and we truly appreciate your interest in PepsiCo and look forward to speaking with you soon, perhaps at CAGNY. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-11 11:56:00) =====
Executives: Jane Nielsen - IR Indra Nooyi - Chairman, CEO  John Compton - CEO, PepsiCo North America Mike White - Vice Chairman, CEO PepsiCo International  Richard Goodman - CFO 
Analysts: Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley  Lauren Torres - HSBC  Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch  Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup  Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs  Ann Gurkin - Davenport& Co.  Brian Spillane - Banc of AmericaSecurities  Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman, LLC  Matthew Riley - Morningstar  Alec Patterson - RCM  Robert van Brugge - Sanford Bernstein  John Faucher - JP Morgan  Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS  
Operator:  Good morning andwelcome to PepsiCo's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) It is now my pleasure tointroduce Ms. Jane Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nielsen,you may begin.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Thanks toall of you for joining us. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation thatcan be accessed at our PepsiCo.com website. Before we begin, please take note of our cautionarystatement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based onour current expectations and projections about future events. Our actualresults could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-lookingstatements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements.  Please see our filings with the Securities and ExchangeCommission including our annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion ofspecific risks that may affect our performance. You should refer to the investorssection of PepsiCo's website under the heading PepsiCo Financial Press Releasesto find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures that maybe used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results withinvestors and analysts. This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi,PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO ofPepsiCo International; John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo North America; and RichardGoodman, PepsiCo's CFO. After our prepared remarks we will have time forQ&A. I would like to call your attention to one item that affectsthe comparability of the numbers we reported this morning. We had a non-cashtax benefit in the quarter totaling $0.07 per share, or $115 million, relatedto the settlement of a tax audit in one of our international businesses. Ontoday's call we'll refer to the results, excluding the item I just mentioned,as core results which we believe are more indicative of our ongoingperformance. The net is that our core EPS grew 11% for Q3 and 14% year-to-date. It is now my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi.
 Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Jane and good morning, everyone. We truly appreciatethe opportunity to discuss PepsiCo's third quarter results and our outlook forthe balance of 2007. As you read in our press release this morning, PepsiCocontinued our strong performance in the third quarter, delivering double-digitgrowth in revenue, division operating profits and core EPS. With three quarters of the year now behind us, I would liketo share my perspective on our business performance this year, our M&Ainitiatives, and the many advances we've made in our sustainability agenda.Finally, I'd like to spend a minute sharing my thoughts on our outlook for 2008,before I toss it to John Compton, Mike White and Richard who will then take youthrough the business segments and corporate costs in more detail. Let me begin with business performance. I must say that I amvery proud of the results our team has achieved. The powerful combination ofour portfolio, the advantage business model and the complete dedication of ourassociates across the globe has resulted in excellent top and bottom lineperformance year-to-date: 10% net revenue, 10% division operating profit growthand 14% core EPS year-to-date performance.  Every division has effectively managed increased input costinflation with a combination of pricing, mix and productivity. They've achievedin the process the right balance between consumer value and margin management. Now, we had the benefit of a generally favorable globalmacroeconomic environment and a forex upside; but we have also taken theopportunity to reinvest some of our upside in order to enhance our marketcompetitiveness, as well as to drive strong, sustainable growth.  On the acquisition front, we executed several tuck-inacquisitions. In Q3, as you read, we closed the Sandora acquisition, and inpartnership with Pepsi Americas we're now the leading beverage company in the Ukraine.Most recently, we announced the acquisition of the Lucky snacks business in Brazil,and we've also built upon our successful partnerships with Unilever andStarbucks by expanding our international markets.  With the North American beverage segment, while not anacquisition, we established a relationship with Dale Earnhardt Jr. that will helpus accelerate our growth in energy drinks. So far this year we have spent abouta $1 billion in acquisitions, and that does not include the Lipton and theLucky snacks deal which are still pending regulatory approvals. Our business results and growth platforms are also enhancedby the progress we're making in our environmental sustainability agenda,reducing water and energy consumption, increasing recyclable materials in ourpackaging, and leading innovative carbon footprint labeling. In recognition ofour efforts, I'm proud to report to you that PepsiCo retained its place on theDow Jones Sustainability North American Index, and in September, we were addedto the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index which is comprised of companiesleading sustainability efforts around the world. For the balance of the year,we expect to make further progress in all three of these important areas. Let me now turn to 2008 and briefly touch on the year comingup. I remain confident in our ability to deliver our long-term algorithm of midsingle-digit volume growth, a positive spread between volume and revenue and atleast 10% EPS growth.  But before I turn the call over to John Compton to discuss North America, I want to share some thoughts on the economic landscape. Clearlythe acceleration of commodity prices, particularly grains, cooking oils andenergy is top of mind for all of us in the food and beverage business.Domestically in North America, while commodity costincreases were slightly lower than we had forecast in the first half of thisyear, they've been higher than expected in the second half. For 2008, we thinkthe second half trend will actually continue.  At this point, we are projecting North American inflation onour strategic inputs, excluding orange juice, to be more than 1 percentagepoint above this year's low single-digit rate, and we are expecting a similarpattern in many international markets, as well. To address this headwind, weare employing many of the same levers that have enabled us to navigate thischallenge successfully over the past couple of years, namely, a combination ofincreased productivity, rate increases, and cross utilization through mixedmanagement.  While we are addressing the inflation issue, we are alsosensitive to the possibility of slower U.S.economic growth in the coming year. History will suggest that the nature of ourproduct portfolio and our structural advantages will allow PepsiCo to be muchmore resilient than most other businesses in such circumstances; and, we clearlyhave a much broader global footprint than at any time in the past and webelieve that our more diversified portfolio will enable us to continue tocapitalize on the favorable macroeconomic climate in most of our internationalmarkets. Nevertheless, as we move into our planning cycle for 2008,we'll be alert to the potential challenges and will be building in thenecessary flexibility to adjust to changes in the overall economic environment. In total then, I want to reiterate how pleased I am with ourperformance this year and how committed we are as a team to execute across ourbusinesses with excellence and consistency going forward. Now let me turn the call over to my good friend, JohnCompton, to discuss our North American business in more detail. 
 John Compton:  Thank you, Indra andgood morning, everyone. In North America we clearly madevery good progress on a number of fronts in Q3. Looking across the entireportfolio, I want to particularly note our ability to manage input costheadwinds while expanding our operating margins 50 basis points. As a result,North American revenue increased almost 5%, and profit growth showed sequentialimprovement, achieving 7% growth in the quarter, our strongest overall profitgrowth this year. Let me start first with Frito-Lay North America, our largestdomestic business, which once again delivered balanced top and bottom lineperformance. Revenue grew a solid 6% through a combination of solid volumegrowth and price mix benefits of almost 4 points.  Importantly in the quarter, Frito-Lay again drovemanufacturing productivity, which helped offset inflation. In total, Frito-Layexpanded operating profit margins by 25 basis points and realized 7% growth inprofits. This is particularly impressive as input cost inflation accelerated onkey items like cooking oil, corn and fuel.  Importantly, Frito's wins extended to the marketplace,growing both savory dollar and volume share. Volume growth drivers in the thirdquarter were balanced between core salty brands and Quaker snacks, with highsingle-digit growth in Doritos and double-digit growth in dips, multi-packs,SunChips, Stacy's and Quakes Rice Cakes.  One key element driving the continued success of the Doritosbrand is sustaining the meaningful innovation. Last year's success, Blazin'Buffalo Ranch, clearly met consumer's desire for flavor intensity. The Doritosteam followed that success with our recently introduced Doritos Collisions,which delivers both flavor intensity and complexity by mixing mild and spicyflavors in the same bag. Collisions is off to a terrific start. Multi-packs offer a great portion control option and areproving increasingly successful. The package has broad appeal for moms lookingfor lunch box options, to boomers with smaller households looking for varietyin a size that's just right for them. At the same time, one area that continuedto be soft was brand Lay's where volume in Q3 was down mid single-digits,primarily as a result of the weight-up/price-up strategy implementing in the fourthquarter of last year.  We have recently taken a number of steps to address thisissue. First, we have changed the packaging to a new global Lay's design.Second, we've been able to significantly expand our kettle chip offerings nowthat capacity is on stream, and this is particularly important given thestrength of the kettle category. Soon, we will be introducing a new mid-sizedline that will be more attractive to smaller households. We are encouraged bythe early signs of the improvement in the business in the first few weeks ofQ4. Beyond our results, I'm proud of the progress Frito-Lay ismaking in reducing our usage of water and fuel, down over 30% and 20%respectively since 1999. The Jonesboro, Arkansasplant recently earned the EPA's Performance Track Program distinction for itsenergy conservation and waste water reductions. Net another strong, balancedquarter from the Frito-Lay team. Turning to our beverage business, we successfully managedthrough a challenging summer period. In the quarter, volume was down 1%;revenues though were up 3% and profit grew 7%, our strongest profit growth ofthe year. All of us recognize that a 1% volume decline is not in line with ourexpectations for this business. However, as a number of you noted in your reports,the months of June and July were unseasonably cool and rainy and had an impactacross all beverages, particularly Gatorade. Fortunately, August returned tonormal -- in fact, a few degrees hotter than the previous year and the businessin total responded, driven by Gatorade. It's encouraging to see the positivemomentum in the Gatorade business continuing through September. Now starting with our hydration brands, our water portfoliogrew high single-digits led by double-digit growth in Propel and SoBe Lifewater.Gatorade did decline mid single-digits in the quarter but as I said, exitedwith strength. That strength is continuing in Q4, consistent with our long-termguidance of high single-digit growth.  Looking forward, we have exciting news across these brandsthat will set the stage for Q4 and beyond. Let me take a minute to take youthrough some of the new product launches that we believe will fuel significantincremental growth. At the heart of our effort to restore high single-digitgrowth to the Gatorade trademark is the launch of G2. G2 is a low calorie,electrolytic beverage with just 25 calories per eight-ounce serving; half thecalories of Gatorade, but with all the electrolytes. It expands the Gatoradeproduct line to now meet the hydration needs of athletes on a 24/7 basis. Equally important, Propel is introducing a new lineextension, Propel Invigorating water. This fitness water from Propel is mildlycaffeinated and lightly flavored with only 20 calories per 8-ounce serving.It's designed to not only hydrate and nourish, but to also provide a boost foractive people throughout the day. Additionally, we are relaunching SoBe Lifewater. SoBeLifewater is being reformulated with sucrose -- which as you know, is tablesugar -- antioxidants, vitamins and natural herbs. Each flavor will have aunique blend of ingredients offering a distinct benefit. SoBe Lifewater's newformulation will have lower calories than before and fewer than ourcompetitors. At the same time, we are leveraging our bottler's distributionpower in select channels and packages to maximize the availability of G2 andthe entire Propel line. Turning to CSDs, we gained volume and value share in thequarter. However, the category as a whole continued to suffer volume declinesand our own CSD volume fell 3%, led by declines in trademark Pepsi. At the sametime, innovation did drive growth in certain segments as Mountain Dew, GameFuel and Diet Pepsi Max each gained a half a share point in Period 9. GameFuel's unique linkage with Microsoft Xbox launch of Halo 3 connected withtarget consumers and enabled trademark Mountain Dew to deliver positive growthin the quarter. Beyond CSDs, the strong momentum of our ready-to-drink teascontinued with growth over 20% and significant gains in both volume and valueshare. Energy also posted over 20% growth, led by an almost 70% increase inMountain Dew AMP. As we noted on the second quarter call, we are increasinglyfocused on the AMP brand and will turbocharge our performance in 2008 as weleverage our relationship with NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt, Jr., who willdrive the number 88 car with Mountain Dew AMP as the lead sponsor. Our portfolio of juices and juice drinks continued on track,realizing net revenue gains to offset significant inflation. In our recentlyacquired Naked Juice business, we just introduced the first 100% juice smoothiewith probiotics, which as you know, aid in digestive and immune health.Tropicana will be extending its Pure line in early Q1 which we believe will fuelgrowth in 2008. Overall in beverages with our powerful brands, with greatinnovation and our strong growth go-to-market systems, we will finish the yearwith accelerated momentum that will carry into the coming year. Turning to Quaker Foods North America, the division reported2% revenue and 2% NOBIT growth, about in line with our expectations. The 2%volume decline, in part, reflected price increases to cover inflation in keyraw materials and in part, shipment timing. The fall product rollout was in Q3last year and is in Q4 of this year. In terms of innovation, we are veryencouraged by the strong early results in the launch of Simple Harvest, whichmoves the Quaker trademark beyond oats to multiple grains.  All in all, I am very pleased with our performance in North America. Going forward we expect Frito-Lay to remain strong andour beverage portfolio is now primed for growth.  Let me now turn the call over to Mike White.
 Mike White:  Thanks very much,John and good morning, everyone. The underlying fundamentals for PepsiCoInternational also remain very strong, enabling us to deliver another terrificquarter with revenues up 22% and our operating profits up 19%.  Importantly, I think we had solid volume and market sharegrowth across both our snacks and beverage categories. We obviously continue tobenefit from a favorable macroeconomic climate internationally, and especiallyin emerging markets. However, many of our markets are also managing the risinginflationary pressures that are impacting our North American colleagues. Wehave seen this most particularly in Mexico where corn, wheat and cooking oilshave all increased in price significantly this year.  Clearly too, both the reported revenue and operating profitgrowth reflected the benefit of some forex upsides as well as M&A and so Ithought I would take a moment just to put our financial results into theappropriate context for you. First, in addition to the acquisition of the Bluebird snacksbusiness in New Zealand and the divestiture of the Sugar Puffs cereal businessin the UK, our third quarter results were impacted by our increased equityownership in several of our beverage joint ventures in China, as well as thebuyout of our joint venture partner in a snacks JV encompassing several CentralAmerican countries. Now in the past, we reported no revenues and only our shareof net income for those joint ventures. Now we're consolidating the revenues aswell as the profits; reporting all the revenue, as well as our increased shareof the profits. Now the impact of full revenue consolidation plus thecreation of our Russiajoint venture with PBG and some year one integration costs are the primaryreasons that total M&A activity added 7 full points to revenue growth, buthad minimal impact on operating profit growth for the quarter. By the way, thisalso accounted for more than 100% of PI's reported operating margin decline inthe third quarter. In fact, excluding the impact of all these M&Aactivities, margins improved by almost 50 basis points in the quarter, which isright in line with the expectations I've had and previously have communicatedto you for our business. Second, although forex tailwinds added 6 points of revenueand operating profit in the quarter, we made a conscious decision to reinvest aportion of that upside in the third quarter and will be continuing to furtherreinvest in selected strategic markets in fourth quarter as well.  Third, as you saw in the press release, there was acombination of several other items: some lower amortization expenses and highercosts related to the international SAP implementation, and a few favorableitems from 2006 that we were lapping which in total reduced operating profitsby 3 percentage points. So net-net I think we continue to deliver underlying top andbottom line results well in line with our long-term algorithm, while continuingto invest in the business to sustain our growth going forward in themarketplace. Let me now take a minute to review some of the key factorsas I look at the quarter impacting our business results, starting with oursnacks business. Snacks volume was up 7% in the third quarter, largelyreflecting an average growth rate of over 10% in all of our countries excludingthe big three -- Sabritas, Walkers and Gamesa. This broad-based growthcontinues to be fueled by outstanding innovation and marketing activity andstrength in emerging markets. For instance, in Saudi Arabia, the national launch of Doritos ishelping that business grow over 30%. In China,Lay's was voted China'sfavorite salty snack brand for the seventh year in a row. As we grow, we're also gaining market share. Our totalsystem volume share was up almost 1 percentage point in the most recenttrimester.  As it relates to the big three businesses, starting withSabritas, at Sabritas we took pricing at the end of last year as you'll recallfrom our previous calls, to offset significant expected inflation. Thisresulted in the modest volume declines that we expected and planned for, but italso enabled us to achieve the expected positive revenue growth and profit flowthrough, in line with our expectations. Recent innovation and promotions likeRuffles Extra Hot and [inaudible - Spanish] continue to provide excitement toconsumers and have driven a 1 point increase the in our market share in Mexico.So net-net, Sabritas is right in line with our expectations for the quarter aswell as year-to-date. At Walkers, volume was down low single-digits in thequarter. Having said that, we did continue to gain market share in all of ourkey accounts. However, this was more than offset by some category softness, inpart I think reflecting the poor summer weather in the United Kingdom, as well as some pricing pressure inthe non-traditional channels.  Having said that, I am confident that we've got the rightplans in place to reignite growth going forward. For instance, to fuel demandwe're launching Sunbites in the fourth quarter, which is our United Kingdom version of the successful U.S.SunChips brand that continues to go from strength to strength in John'sbusiness in North America. On Crisps, our advertising isgoing to focus on something called the great British potato, a campaign thatwill remind consumers of the local and wholesome goodness of their Crisps andthe fact they're all grown in the United Kingdom. In the marketplace, we'll refine our sales execution and ournet revenue realization processes to ensure that we win across all of ourchannels. We'll couple that with continued tight cost control and drives foradditional productivity. In Gamesa, we had double-digit volume in revenueperformance, led by the continued success of our high end product lineup, and avery successful [inaudible  foreign language] promotion. Our biscuit marketshare was up 1.3 percentage points and I'm very proud of the team there.  At the same time however, Gamesa too faced very, verysignificant levels of wheat and cooking oil and shortening inflation. In orderto successfully manage those cost increases, Gamesa took pricing actions inboth August and September. So looking ahead at Gamesa, I do expect a bit morebalance between volume and revenue to drive our operating profit growth. Turning to our beverages portfolio, volume for the quarterwas up a very solid 8%, led by double-digit growth in key emerging markets likeChina, Russia, Pakistan and the Middle East. Carbonated soft drinks grew 8%,led by terrific growth from Mountain Dew, 7-Up and Mirinda; all of our flavorportfolio, in fact. Non-carbs were also up double-digits, driven by 40% growthin our Lipton ready-to-drink teas.  Great innovation is at the center of all of thatperformance. Our product 7-Up H20 continues to do extremely well as it gainstraction in both existing Latin American markets like Argentinaand Brazil, aswell as new markets such as Irelandand Vietnam. In China,we had tremendous excitement by the Pepsi Creative Challenge 2 Face On the Canwhere we had 2.5 million photos submitted for 20 spots on a Team Chinacommemorative Pepsi can, and where we had, through the web, 140 million votescast to determine the winners. This is truly what we call 360-degree marketingat its very best, and I'm sure you've seen a bit of the press we've got incelebrating Team Chinawith yes, a red Pepsi can.  Net-net the fundamental performance of our internationalportfolio continues to be very strong. Let me make just a couple of comments on acquisitions. Firstin August, as you know, in partnership with our bottler Pepsi Americas weclosed on the purchase of an 80% stake in Sandora, the leading liquidrefreshment beverage and juice company in the Ukraine.In September we announced the expansion of two very successful partnerships. Weadded 11 countries, especially in Western Europe, to ourexisting international Pepsi-Lipton joint venture, a truly global partnershipfocused on the world's number 1 brand of tea in the fastest growingready-to-drink tea segment. Second, we extended our coffee partnership with Starbucks tointernational markets, bringing together the great Starbucks brand and coffeeknow how with PI's beverage experience and distribution capabilities. Our firstmarket for entry with Starbucks is going to be Chinawith Frappucino.  Recently, we announced the acquisition of Comercio de DocesLucky, a Brazilian snack company, which will add a couple of well-recognizedbrands --a wheat brand and an extruded brand -- as well as manufacturingcapacity in strength and distribution to the lower end consumers in Brazil. Itwill fit brilliantly with our Brazilian snacks business. Finally on the sustainability front, I'm extremely proudthat UNICEF recently selected PepsiCo Exnora International zero wastemanagement project in Indiaas a model project and a center for international learnings in the area of urbansolid waste management. We started this partnership with Exnora International,an environmental NGO, in 2005. So in summary for PI, our top and bottom line performancewas strong and broad-based across our geographies, snacks and beverages both.Our businesses are executing well and are doing a great job managing input costheadwinds. Recent tuck-in acquisitions are all on track, meeting ourexpectations and we're bringing new product opportunities to our portfolios. Oursustainability and corporate social responsibility agenda continues to moveforward in all of our markets.  With that, let me turn the call over to Richard. 
Richard Goodman: Thanks, Mike and good morning, everyone. As you saw in ourrelease, we delivered a strong quarter with revenue up 11%, division operatingprofits up 10%, and core earnings per share increasing 11%. This brings ouryear-to-date growth to 10% revenue, 10% division operating profit and 14% coreearnings per share. Our Q3 line of business operating margin was slightly lowerthan last year's on a reported basis. However, excluding the compression fromM&A activity that Mike White just talked about, PepsiCo's overall LOBmargin improved slightly. What I would like to do now is to cover our corporate costs,period taxes and cash flow and then review our balance of year outlook.  For the quarter, corporate departmental expenses were upslightly, in line with inflation. We did see a $28 million negative swing inmark-to-market commodity hedges which, as expected, reversed the gains we hadexperienced in the first half of the year. Finally, the combination of deferredcompensation and our hedges against that compensation exposure basically nettedto zero, but we're required to report the deferred compensation upside in corporateunallocated and the corresponding hedge downside below the line in interestincome. That compensation hedge downside actually accounted for abouttwo-thirds of the increase in net interest expense. The rest of the increaselargely reflected higher net debt as a result of acquisitions. Bottler equity income was up $14 million in total on higherequity income pickup, offset in part by slightly lower gains on the sale of PBGshares.  For the quarter, our core tax rate was 27.4%, about 40 basispoints higher than prior year, but still slightly better than we had originallyforecast, largely reflecting timing between Q3 and Q4 tax items.  Lastly, our weighted average diluted share counts decreased2.2% as a result of the stepped up share repurchase program authorized by ourBoard of Directors earlier in the year. In total then, below the line items provided 1 point ofleverage from LOB to core EPS, driven primarily by the lower share count andpartially offset by the mark-to-market losses and the slightly higher effectivetax rate. Moving on to cash flow, year-to-date cash from operatingactivities is trending a little better than our $7 billion guidance for thefull year, and our capital expenditure forecast remains consistent with ourfull year guidance of $2.6 billion. The net of these two, what we callmanagement operating cash flow, is expected to be slightly ahead of guidanceand to increase about 10% versus 2006. We have returned $4.7 billion to shareholders this year,$1.6 billion in dividends and $3.1 billion in share repurchases. That's up $1.2billion or 34% versus prior year. We expect cash to shareholders to be up thispercentage for the full year as well, reflecting both higher share buybacks andthe 25% increase in dividends we announced in May. I'll turn now to our balance of year outlook. We expect ouroperating divisions to continue their solid performance in this fourth quarter,but we will also be reinvesting back in the business. In addition, we are nowexpecting a higher full year tax rate as a result of recently announced changesin Mexico's tax legislation. We're still reviewing the implications, but inaddition to a higher effective tax rate when the legislation takes effect in2008, there is a FAS 109 impact in 2007 related to the loss of certain deferredtax benefits. Our preliminary estimate is that our full year 2007 core taxrate will probably be up to 40 basis points higher than the 27.3% we hadpreviously communicated. That tax downside is why even with the strong Q3results, we are simply maintaining our full year core earnings guidance of atleast $3.35 per share.  Our core Q3 results and the core full year guidance excludethe impact of the conclusion of an international tax audit which resulted in aQ3 tax gain of $115 million, or about $0.07 a share. In our full year core guidance we are also excluding theimpact of certain Q4 restructuring actions, some of which we have recentlyapproved and some of which are in process for which we expect to take chargesin Q4 of around $0.03 a share. These relate to plant closings and to therationalization of production lines in both our international and domesticbusinesses, all done to drive further productivity in 2008 and beyond.  In total then, very good results in Q3 which put us on trackfor core EPS growth of about 12% for 2007. Before I turn the call back to Indra for her closingremarks, I would like to clarify the facts regarding the size of our businesswith Wal-Mart, our largest customer. An article in The Wall Street Journal lastweek included a chart showing PepsiCo's North American business with Wal-Martas a percentage of revenues from 2003 to 2006. The basis for the chart was thedisclosures that we made in the non-financial section of our 10-K filingsrelating to the concentration of business transacted with a particularcustomer. Over the past several years, we have identified Wal-Mart asour largest retail customer worldwide and one that represents over 10% of ourNorth American revenues. As you know, Wal-Mart in North America operates inboth the mass channel with its Wal-Mart stores and in the club channel withSam's. In our 2003 and 2004 filings, the percentage of sales that we reportedfor Wal-Mart included the stores in both channels. For 2005, however, we determinedthat it would with more appropriate to separate the segments and we thereforebased our 2005 and 2006 concentration disclosures solely on the Wal-Martformat. We did not note the change in methodology since we weren'tanalyzing year-over-year trends and since there is no requirement to show timeseries data in this section of the 10-K. The chart that you are now seeing onthis webcast provides the facts over the 2003 to 2006 period. The first columnshows the percentages just for Wal-Mart formats and the second column shows thepercentages for Sam's Club. As you can see, the Wal-Mart format increased as apercentage of PepsiCo's North American revenue every year from 2003 to 2006. That'sin column 1. Sam's in column 2 alsoincreased over this period; and indeed in every year as well, if you look atthe unrounded numbers.  So in summary, I hope and trust that this clarifies thematter. Now let me turn it back to Indra.
 Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Richard. Let me sum up by saying that we are verypleased with the company's performance for the third quarter and year-to-date.The momentum for the business is very strong. We fully expect it to continuegoing to the fourth quarter. Our innovation and deal pipeline remain robust and wecontinue to make selective investments in the business and continue to show,with the advances in our sustainability and corporate social responsibilityagenda, that performance and purpose can not only operate side-by-side, butactually unleash the creative talents of our 168,000 associates around theworld.  With that, operator we are glad to open the line forquestions.
Operator: Your first question is from Bill Pecoriello - MorganStanley.
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: Given the commodity outlook that you describe looking outinto '08, can you give us some more color on how you're thinking about thevarious levers you have to offset this? Do you have an opportunity toaccelerate productivity initiatives in PBNA or FLNA or International? I knowyou've had ongoing programs in those divisions for many years but any moreopportunity to accelerate efficiencies there? In terms of taking more price, you've seen some volumeimpact as you've taken price at Sabritas; Mike mentioned Gamesa. How are youthinking about those various levers looking into '08?
 Indra Nooyi: Bill, as I said in my script, we're looking at all thelevers: productivity, mix management, pricing. We're looking at all of theselevers; for each product line, for each country we're reviewing what can bedone to offset commodity inflation. I don't think it's prudent to go to thatlevel of detail on this call, but rest assured there's no one lever that willbe deployed, it will be a mix of all three levers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Torres - HSBC.
 Lauren Torres - HSBC: With your recent announcement that enables Pepsi bottlers todistribute G2 and the Propel line, I was just wondering at this point if thereis now a greater potential to transfer any of your existing warehouse deliveryof Gatorade to the bottlers? As a result of this announcement, are you thinkinga little bit differently about this brand?
John Compton: We see the opportunity to use the bottling system in thetrue up and down the street segment, in the C&G segment to launch the newG2 business and to transfer the entire Propel system over. We want to learnfrom this launch and see the benefits of DSD. We clearly know and have seen thebenefits of our warehouse system over the past five years, so we're eager tosee how the DSD system does with both G2 and Propel.
 Indra Nooyi: If I could add to what John said, Gatorade to the warehouseis doing exceedingly well in large format. If we were to transfer to DSD andtake on the additional costs of DSD we would have to get a lift in Gatoradethat is extraordinary to make it work at DSD, and we don't see that kind oflift happening in large format because we're already well developed in largeformat. I see limited potential to move core Gatorade to the bottling system.
Operator: Your next question is from Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch.
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: John, I'm wondering if you could comment on Frito-Lay. Thevolume growth there was just a little bit below average. I'm wondering if thebulk of that is due to Lay's weakness or was there particular channel softness? Indra, I'm curious to have your comments: if there is aneconomic slowdown, what would you be concerned with? Would it be certainproduct slow down or certain channel softness? Thank you.
 John Compton: Yes, in the quarter, we probably should have noted this inthe script and I'm glad you asked the question. Frito-Lay's volume growth inthe quarter was around 2%. If you look at it on a year-to-date basis, we'rearound 3%. There was about a 1 point fall-off in volume growth. That's allattributed to a Fritos and Cheetos promotional event that we did last year inQ3 that we chose not to do again this year in Q3. That one event was worthabout 1 point of volume growth if the quarter.  Going forward, we see this business around the 2.5% to 3%volume growth business, and I think you'll see that continue in the future.
 Indra Nooyi: When it comes to the economic slowdown issue, Christine, it'smostly specific channel slowdown and really how people might shop in terms ofpremium products versus value products and what opportunities we may have topush premium products and what kind of pricing strategies we have to deploy onproducts that are sold in all channels. That is what requires careful thinking. If you go back to Bill's question on the commodity outlook,we are in an inflationary environment. In an economic outlook, which guessesare all over the place, we just have to be very judicious in deploying all ofthe levers and remain very flexible and agile so that we can actually flex withthe times as next year evolves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup.
 Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup: I had a question just in terms of your global marketing spendingefforts. I'm curious, are you spending enough, do you feel? As a percentage ofsales, should we expect the amount that you're currently spending to increasein the future and possibly shift in terms of where the spending is allocated?
 Mike White: Bonnie, certainly there's been an increase in our marketingspending this year and I expect that to continue, especially in emergingmarkets. I can't say that in the developed countries on either snacks orbeverages that I see a material change, when you think about it as a percent ofsales. I mean, obviously we continue to grow it in line with revenue in thosekinds of markets, but I think we're at about the right level. We're working hard to drive productivity within themarketing line. I would say probably the bigger news is the shift within our A&Mspending towards more events linking in the web, like the Chinapromotion that I mentioned where we had 140 million votes on the web for thesephotos of individual consumers in China. I think that kind of linkage of advertising, packaging andthe web, what I call 360-degree marketing, is much more of the news, if youwill, in the way we're marketing to consumers. Then yes, I would say wecertainly expect it to continue to be an intense marketing environment in keyemerging markets as it has been.
 John Compton: Bonnie, on the North American side, clearly already thisyear we've invested in A&M in the Frito-Lay North American business. In thequarter, again, A&M grew double-digit, faster than the revenue growth andit's consistent with the year-to-date performance. In the beverage business, really the only place where ourA&M spending has declined is in the Tropicana brand as we were trying toovercome the higher cost of oranges. You will see us as we launch G2 and Propeland Mountain Dew AMP support those brands in big ways with increased marketingsupport going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs.
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: I just had a couple of financial questions. Richard, interms of the tax rate, your full year guidance implies that in the fourthquarter we may see a 30% plus kind of tax rate. Is that something that we couldbe looking at in 2008 going forward? Is the number really close to a 27.7% kindof number going forward?
 Richard Goodman:  Yes, you did theright squeeze. In Q4 it will be a tax rate above 30%. That's really a FIN 48impact and on a go-forward basis, I would expect the tax rate to be in the high27s, so about similar to where we are this year at the 27.7%.
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Secondly, just in terms of your guidance for 2008, 10% plusEPS growth, does that assume similar level of the gain from sale of PBG stockin 2008 as well?
 Richard Goodman: Yes. Right now that's assuming that, although we haven'tcompleted our entire planning cycle, but clearly we've been selling down ourshare in our anchor bottlers down to IPO levels. They continue to buy backtheir shares so we should continue to see share sales going forward, as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport.
 Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I wonder if we could spend a little time on Eastern Europe and your outlook for that market, and the opportunities tocross sell your brands, whether through the recent acquisition or perhaps CSDor snacks in those markets?
 Mike White: Eastern Europe and Russiaboth have been really dynamic growth markets for us and I expect that tocontinue. For instance on the snack side, even small countries like Romaniahave just been on fire in Eastern Europe. We're workingon strategies to expand our presence in the Balkans, as well and our Russiabusiness continues very strong. Our Polandbusiness in snacks is doing very well. We are leveraging, for instance, PAS inCzech to distribute snacks in conjunction with their bottling presence there. Certainly we have some plans, I think it's maybe a littlepremature for me to talk about for the Ukraine.Obviously, getting a big operating infrastructure there gives us a distributionplatform that we did not have before to think about for snacks, and who knows,perhaps to even strengthen our CSD business in the Ukraine. Certainly, for sure we continue to look at Eastern Europe. As I look at my Europe business, Eastern Europe and Russiacontinue to be the key growth engine for that business. I certainly expect usto continue power of one type initiatives which aren't really new for PI. Welaid that theme out four years ago and continue to work for opportunities toleverage it and I think there are still those kinds of opportunities for surein Eastern Europe, as well.
 Ann Gurkin - Davenport:  Great. Switching backto the earnings outlook for '08, does that include a level of concentrate priceincrease in the U.S.like we saw in 2007?
 Indra Nooyi:  We have not finalizedour concentrate price increasing plan as of yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Spillane - Banc ofAmerica Securities.
 Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: A question on pricing power. If you look at what you've donethis year in terms of raising prices on Gatorade in the U.S., Sabritas inMexico, and I guess in other parts of the world where you've raised prices hasthe price elasticity or the demand elasticity been better or worse than you anticipatedis there any change in your thinking onpricing as you look forward relative to based on what your experience was thisyear?
 Indra Nooyi: From my perspective, I think in pretty much in every countrythe elasticity was exactly what we expected. John, Mike, if you want to addsomething on pricing?
 John Compton: As you've seen, year-to-date our Gatorade price in themeasured channels is up about 2.5% year over year. I think that's theelasticity of the business. I think that fits our model pretty well. Ourprimary competitor though in that segment declined their prices 4%. I don'tthink we expected that coming into the year. As we said on the last call, ourpricing on Gatorade that we took this year will carry us forward into 2008.
 Mike White:  I think inInternational I would say the same thing. Sabritas is just bang on all of themodeling we did last fall when we took the pricing and I haven't seen a change in any other markets. Certainly,we're gaining market share in those markets where we took pricing, so certainlyin terms of the competitive game, I don't think pricing has put us at adisadvantage. I think certainly as consumers see broad inflation across thewhole grocery store, we'll have to see how that plays out next year. Certainlyfrom a snacks and a beverage standpoint, I can't say that I've seen any newpattern from an elasticity standpoint that would change my thinking about howwe're planning for next year.
 Brian Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Mike, just as on a rough basis, what percentage of yourbusiness did you actually take rate increases this year?
 Indra Nooyi: That's a tough number to provide.
 Mike White:  Tough number toprovide, frankly. I really couldn't tell you that. Every country has gotdifferent inflation levels. In Russia,you're talking about 8% inflation in the economy. It's quite different acrossthe system. In International in general we have had probably more experiencewith pricing consistently, not just this year, but frankly, over the last fiveyears than perhaps the U.S.just because of the macro economic environments you deal with in emergingmarkets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Leach  Neuberger Berman.
 Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman:  I was just wonderingif you could give us the PBG capital gain numbers, specifically? Also PBG had a$31 million after tax extraordinary gain in the quarter. How did you accountfor that?
 Richard Goodman:  I'll take that. Wepicked up our share of the $31 million in our equity income and that increasedour equity income by about $10 million in the quarter.
 Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman:  Could you give us thecapital gain in the quarter?
 Richard Goodman: I think we had a gain of between $55 million and $60 millionon the sale of the PBG shares.
 Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman:  Is that a fullytaxable number or do you get a capital gains tax treatment on that?
 Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman:  Is that taxed at yournormal rate or is that a 15% capital gains rate?
 Richard Goodman: Yes, it's taxable at a normal rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Riley - Morningstar.
 Matthew Riley - Morningstar: I was wondering, has your long-term outlook towardscommodity cost inflation changed at all over the past few quarters or past fewyears? I know we've heard out of some of the other large packaged foodcompanies that they're thinking more that this is a long-term trend. I know PBGsaid they like the 2% to 3% price increase world, but are we going to be facedwith a 4% to 5%?
 Indra Nooyi:  That is a tough onebecause a lot of it is supply/demand driven. Right now we're seeing escalationin prices of wheat, prices of heat because of energy cost, we're seeingescalation in prices of cooking oil. If a lot more supply comes onstream tooutstrip the demand, we can see some equilibrium coming back to these prices. Butat this point, it appears that worldwide demand seems to be outstripping therate of these supplies coming onstream.  If you look at the foreseeable future, the next 18 - 24months, it looks like structural inflation will continue in the commoditymarkets.
Operator: Your next question is from Alec Patterson - RCM.
 Alec Patterson - RCM: Flat Earth, can you just give an update? How is it coming inline with expectations?
 John Compton: Flat Earth has been a very stable business. It's not exactlythe size that we had hoped coming into the course of the year. But theencouraging thing about the business is that the repeat rates have been veryhigh, so it's all a matter of continuing to drive trial on the brand. Therepeat rates are some of the highest that we've had in any of the Frito-Layportfolios. We remain optimistic about Flat Earth. We have plans for newproducts to introduce behind Flat Earth for next year. I think it's a businessthat's going to continue to grow going forward.
 Alec Patterson - RCM:  Just on Gatorade, asyou have seen the impact weather has had here and just the pricing that youhave had to put in place versus the competition where there's been such adivergence this past year, has this caused you to recalibrate the elasticityaround Gatorade in any way? Or are you still feeling that on an underlyingbasis, it's a good, high single-digit, nearly 10% type volume category?
 John Compton: Alec, we've said long term our guidance in this business ishigh single-digit growth rates. We've exited, as I've said, the fourth quarterperforming at that level and we're seeing that continue so far in the earlypart of the fourth quarter right now, and that's before G2 has hit themarketplace. There's been no shipments of G2 yet to the marketplace goingforward. We hit a very cool, rainy period for the last two weeks ofJuly and the first two weeks of August. As you know, that's typically some ofthe hottest points in the year. That impacted our business. Our competitor's pricing, frankly, almost is slightlyirrelevant to us. We play our game. This is a great brand. We're here to servethe needs of athletes on a 24/7 basis and we keep our attention focused on innovation.This fortunately isn't a category that has private label. Our competitor'sprice point pretty much covers that off. There's been a historical price gap of15% to 20%. That's where the brand has successfully lived before, and I thinkit can live there going forward.
 Alec Patterson - RCM: So your elasticity models have not changed in that category?
 John Compton:  No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert van Brugge - SanfordBernstein.
 Robert van Brugge - Sanford Bernstein: A question about Tropicana. As orange juice futures havecome down, would you expect this to start lowering your cost for this businessgoing forward? Do you expect to have to pass this through to the retailers andconsumers in the form of lower prices?
 John Compton: I'm knocking on wood with my head this second, because we'renot quite through the hurricane season, as you know. But so far, I think wewould say based on what we know today, yes, we see our orange juice commoditycosts coming down. We intend to spin back against the brand. This is a brandover the last two or three years that we've had to pull back on our advertisingand our support to the brand. As you know, it's the strongest brand in consumer packagedgoods as it relates to standing for nutrition and health and wellness, so ournumber 1 priority will be to get the brand back on air and making itincreasingly relevant with consumers for tomorrow.
 Robert van Brugge - Sanford Bernstein: But would you expect retailers to be pushing for some kindof give back for the big price increases that you've taken this year?
 John Compton: Robert, honestly, I don't think so because frankly, theyhave benefited from the price increases. So the profit per unit transactionshave actually increased as the pricing has increased. The orange juice pricesthat we're seeing today in the marketplace are kind of where the category wasin 1998 and 1999. So we're not well above where the business has been in thepast. The prices did come down '03, '04 and '05, but the volume really didn'trespond much from that. Se we'd rather spend back against the consumer.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher  JP Morgan.
 John Faucher - JP Morgan: Over the past couple years investors have given you guys ahard time for not buying back enough shares and you've had the option issue,when it's raised the shares outstanding. I guess this is the first quarter I think in about four years wherewe've seen the shares outstanding down more than 2%. Is this something that maybewe could continue to see going forward and does the better cash flow indicate agreater willingness to buy back shares?
 Richard Goodman: As you know, John, we announced that we would increase theshare buyback this year to about $4.3 billion from the $3 billion that we hadthe prior year. We would expect to be buying back at those kind of levels on ago-forward basis. Yes, we will get higher leverage off of those share buybacksthan we had before because the number of shares will be decreasing at aroundthe 2% level, at least in the short run.
 John Faucher - JP Morgan: That's my question, Richard, which is can that continuebeyond the short run? Yes, you announced a greater buyback, shorter term. Butcan we get one longer term?
 Richard Goodman: We have authorization into 2010, I think, so yes, we shouldbe seeing it at those kinds of levels over the next several years.
 Indra Nooyi:  John, the key thingis we generate very, very healthy cash flow. Basically, all the cash getsreturned to the shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We have adividend policy that's published. You know exactly what it is. Everythingbeyond dividends goes back to share repurchase. That's how we deploy the cashand the share repurchase reflects how much cash flow is generated.
Operator: Your final question is from Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS.
 Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: On SAP, you're maybe a little further along on that now, ifyou have a grasp around cost savings. You did mention that the costs were alittle higher than you expected internationally and maybe if you could give alittle color on that?
 Indra Nooyi: I think the SAP implementation so far, touch wood, is goingflawlessly and I don't want to spook it, Kaumil, but so far all the releases,whether it's the U.S.or whether it's partially in Europe or whether it's in Mexico,I think the teams have done an excellent job putting SAP in. Now in terms of the cost savings, it's hard to talk aboutcost savings now because the cost of putting in the SAP is still higher thanthe benefits we're getting out of SAP; that will be the case through 2008. In 2009 is when we start seeing some of thenet benefits.  So at this point, the cost savings are flowing as we plannedbut the cost of putting in the SAP is still higher than the cost savings thatare flowing through.
 Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Switching gears a little bit, if you could talk a little bitabout the global economic backdrop outside of the United States, is it still asfavorable as you've been talking about in the past or are there some thingsthat you're now maybe starting to worry about?
Mike White: I haven't seen any slowdown in the emerging markets. There aresome folks that have tweaked their models a little bit for GDP growth inemerging markets, reflecting potential slowdown in the United States by maybe a half a point. But you'redealing with mid to high single-digit GDP growth rates, so a half a point iscertainly not that material. I haven't seen in our business any slowdown in our emerging marketperformance. It continues to really drive our portfolio. So from our ownbusiness standpoint, I don't think I could say that. I think that everythingI've read and seen in talking to both economists in a number of countries asI've been traveling, I still am feeling very positive about the economicoutlook for the emerging markets for next year. I think you'll continue to see very solid growth out ofthose markets and I don't think that the U.S.housing thing is likely to have a significant impact on those emerging markets,from what I can tell.
 Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: The topic of food inflation, to what extent do you think onthe food side, not on the other commodities, but on the food side to whatextent do you think it's partially harvest related? We've had things likeoranges. We've had a couple tough hurricane seasons, versus being just demandrelated with more demand out of Asia and such?
 Indra Nooyi: Outside of oranges, it's been mostly demand driven. The cornfor ethanol program has not particularly helped. Then you've got explosivedemand for cooking oil and energy. All of these are driving the price of inputsup. I think more and more people are shifting to wheat and oatsand going into these healthy grains and it's driving up prices of those cropstoo, because there hasn't been a structural shift in the plantings toaccommodate all of the demand. So that's what you're seeing in the marketplace. It appears there are no more questions. I just want to thankall of you for your time and attention today, and your continued interest inPepsiCo. I look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jane Nielsen - IR   Indra Nooyi - Chairman, President, CEO   John Compton - CEO, PepsiCo North America   Mike White - Vice Chairman, CEO, PepsiCo   Richard Goodman - CFO   Dawn Hudson  Pepsi Cola CEO, North America 
Analysts: Robert van Brugge - Sanford Bernstein   Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup   Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley   Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank   Lauren Torres - HSBC   Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs   Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS   John Faucher  JP Morgan   Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch   Matthew Riley - Morningstar   Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Miss Jane Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Nielsen, you may begin. 
Jane Nielsen:  Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our Pepsico.com website.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements; but, we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance.  You should refer to the investors section of PepsiCo's website under the heading of PepsiCo Financial Press Releases to find disclosures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts.  This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO; Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International; John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo North America; and Richard Goodman, PepsiCo's CFO; Dawn Hudson, CEO of Pepsi Cola North America is also with us this morning for Q&A.  It's now my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi. 
Indra Nooyi:  Thank you, Jane. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss PepsiCo's second quarter performance and our outlook for 2007. As you saw in our announcement this morning, we delivered another very strong quarter. Coming into the year we knew that Q2 would be a particularly challenging overlap, so I'm very pleased to report 9% division operating profit growth on top of last year's 12% growth. This performance reflects both our strategically advantaged business model and the high level of execution of our 168,000 associates across the world.  Our categories of convenient snacks and beverages remain vibrant and our arsenal of leading brands continues to enable to us drive category-leading growth. Add to this our global footprint and powerful go to market systems, and the result is a portfolio with both a track record and a future of profitable growth.  Let me review the second quarter results. Worldwide snacks volume grew 6%, lapping 8%. Worldwide beverages grew 4%, lapping 10. Net revenue was up 10%, division operating profit grew 9%, net income increased 13% and EPS grew 15%. This strong performance reflects our ability to drive top and bottom line performance through operational excellence.  It's reflected in our year-to-date results with net revenue increasing 10%, division operating profit 9%, net income 13%, and earnings per share 15%. It's particularly impressive because every segment contributed to revenue and profit growth, both in the quarter and year-to-date.  Going forward, we expect our portfolio to continue delivering strong top line and operating profit growth for the balance of the year, which is why we're increasing our full year earnings guidance for 2007 to at least $3.35 per share, which translates to 12% growth for the year.  Now, since our acquisition of Quaker Oats Company, we have growth EPS at a double-digit rate every year. Our strength is not just in EPS alone. Focusing just in the last three years, we have generated $17 billion in cumulative operating cash flow, reinvested $6 billion in our business, returned $11 billion through dividends and share repurchases and delivered a return on invested capital averaging in the high 20s. All of this while still delivering a revenue compound annual growth rate of 10%. I must say, this a performance that all of us at PepsiCo are very proud of.  Before I turn it over to Mike and John to discuss the business results, I'd like to highlight a few key themes in our overall performance. First, our well-balanced portfolio continues to deliver on both the top and bottom line. Volume growth was led by strong performance in both our international business and Frito-Lay North America. Beverage volume in North America was in line with our expectations, reflecting the very strong growth we were cycling from the second quarter of last year. Our revenue was also strong, which led to share gains versus our principal liquid refreshment beverage competitor.  Second, our portfolio transformation continues with activities in three areas: continued innovation in our Fun For You products while also making them healthier, stepped up innovation in our Better For You and Good For You products; and bolstering our marketplace presence and scale with tuck-in acquisitions.  Let me speak to these briefly. As you know, we are transforming our core Fun For You brands through steady and significant reformulations and new launches designed to meet the demand that consumers have for healthier and more nutritious products. In the U.S., all our Frito-Lay salty snack products are free of trans fats. In addition, we're moving our products to heart healthy oils.  We are embarking on this change in our international business as well. For example, our Walkers business has moved to a higher league sunflower oil which significantly reduced the saturated fat content of our products in the UK. Gradually we will make a similar switch in all our markets globally when the oils are available in the quantities we require.  Our innovation of Better For You and Good For You products continues. By adding Better For You and Good For You ingredients such as fruit, vegetables and fiber to our lineup, we are in fact developing a terrific lineup of healthy, nutritious products.  Let me share a couple of examples with you. On the snack side, Flat Herbs at Frito-Lay North America continues to build strong consumer acceptance and better than expected purchase repeat. By year end 2007, it will likely be one of the top ten food product introductions of this year.  In beverages, the introduction of white tea to the Lipton line has helped fuel tea volume growth of over 30% in Q2 and extended our tea leadership.  Similarly in our international business, the successful rollout of 7-Up H20, our lightly carbonated flavored water with no sugar or calories was a key force driving 16% growth in the 7-Up trademark. With strong base business performance across Europe and recent expansion into the Middle East and Asia, the Tropicana business also posted outstanding 16% growth in Q2.  On snacks, Baked Lay's continues to show great promise in the UK and Netherlands where it was recently launched. We'll hear more about these businesses from John and Mike when they discuss our North American international business performance in more detail.  Turning now to M&A The strategy we discussed during our Q1 call is being executed as planned; strategically and with rigorous financial discipline -- nothing has changed. As I've stated in Q1, the acquisition pipeline is robust. A $5 million to $2 billion pipeline focused on our core snack and beverage space. We're looking at deals that extend our core business and are aligned with our fundamental PepsiCo strength. Based on the companies we're looking at, as I mentioned to you in Q1, we expect the hit rate to be better this year than ever before. The acquisitions are intended to fill white spaces, add scale in existing markets and obtain new capability.  Deals we've executed recently, as you well know, are IZZE Sparkling Beverages and Naked Juice in the U.S; the Bluebird line of snacks in New Zealand. and the recently announced Sandora juice business in the Ukraine via a JV with Pepsi America.  That is our M&A strategy. It's just as I detailed in Q1. Our objective is to complete transactions that create tremendous shareholder value and we're in the process of executing against that goal.  Finally, underlying our strong financial performance is our continued commitment to corporate social responsibility, which we at PepsiCo call performance with purpose. We deliver on this commitment by focusing on three areas: our products, providing greater choice to consumers in the area of healthier foods and beverages. You've been hearing a lot about this over the past year as well as in my comments this morning.  Our environment, improving the relationship we maintained between our business, the communities in which we live and work and the natural environment. We've made enormous progress here and have received several accolades worldwide for our initiatives.  And then our people; doing even more to find, develop, reward, and retain the best talent.  Performance with purpose is a commitment we are making to our consumers and customers, suppliers and employees, our shareholders and the communities and the environment we all share. Ultimately, it's a commitment to the future. We will continue to refine and globalize our efforts to deliver our performance with purpose. Over the next quarters, I'll update you of our progress in these areas.  Now John and Mike will provide more details on their businesses and Richard will review the overall financials. We will then turn to Q&A after their remarks.  Let me turn the call over to John Compton to discuss our North American business in more detail. Before John begins, let me just express how proud I am of our performance in North America. John, your business is driving strong top line growth, you're transforming the portfolio and most impressively, you have share gains in savory snacks and you have gained share in liquid refreshment beverages against the principal competitor. I think that's just terrific performance. With that resounding endorsement, over to you. 
 John Compton: Thank you, Indra. We are all very pleased with our second quarter results across all of our North American businesses. We are equally optimistic about the back half of the year. I'll give you three thoughts for you to think about relative to our performance and our balance of year outlook.  First, in the second quarter our collective snack, food, and beverage businesses had 5% revenue growth and 5% profit growth. Our teams have judicially balanced price, mix and productivity to offset record raw material inflation.  Second, these financial results were achieved as our share position grew in both savory snacks and the liquid refreshment beverage category versus our primary competitors. In fact, in the beverage business we have grown faster than our primary competitor for the past three years.  Third, given that we have now successfully lapped the strong overall North American performance from last year, I believe we have the opportunity to accelerate our total North American growth in the next couple of quarters. Our innovation pipeline is in good shape and we'll be introducing exciting news in the fourth quarter.  Let me speak about each of our businesses, starting with our largest domestic business Frito-Lay. Frito-Lay had an excellent quarter posting 3% volume growth and 6% net revenue growth. Operating profits increased 8% and operating profit margin expanded by almost 40 basis points. We grew our A&M investment double-digits. Importantly, our measured channel share performance increased by half a point in the broader savory snack market. Net, a very strong quarter delivered by the Frito-Lay team.  Growth in the quarter was led by continued momentum behind Doritos which delivered double-digit volume and sales growth. The brand continues to connect with consumers as we roll out flavor extensions like Blazin' Buffalo Ranch and as we launch consumer programs like Fight for the Flavor where we put consumers in control by enabling them to select the next Doritos flavor.  Frito-Lay also continues to be successful in providing consumers with solutions as they can seek convenient choices in individual serving sizes. Our multi-pack business was up 20% and our single-serve business grew faster than the average of our total business.  Our products that meet new consumer needs and create new snack occasions are also fueling growth. Tostitos growth benefited from our new Tostitos flour chips and complementing these new businesses, our dip brands posted outstanding results with net sales growing 14% primarily driven by innovation like Tostitos all natural picante sauce, Tostitos new Southwestern Ranch and Tostitos creamy spinach dips.  Healthy snacking growth was once again led by SunChips. SunChips delivered another outstanding quarter posting net sales growth of 28%. We added a new line in Topeka, Kansas during the second quarter and immediately sold out that new capacity. Another new line will be up and running by the end of the year.  Additionally, our Stacy's Pita Chip business delivered strong volume growth and has extended the Frito-Lay portfolio into wholesome snackable bread into a different part of the store, the deli section.  Finally, our Quaker Rice Snacks business continues to be a home run with our Quakes brand up double-digits.  Now, our Lay's potato chip business, however, is behind our expectations and the team is taking corrective actions over the balance of year. New packaging will be hitting the stores in the fourth quarter, and we've just recently added capacity to the fastest-growing segment of potato chips, Kettle chips. This will enable us to accelerate growth over the balance of the year in both our Lay's Kettle and Miss Vickie's brands.  Now looking at the P&L, the overall health of the Frito-Lay algorithm reflects strong net revenue growth coupled with productivity gains and cost control. Frito-Lay drove both price and mix in the quarter and effectively managed input costs. Manufacturing productivity improved by almost 2 points in the quarter. Improved safety performance drove both a casualty insurance adjustment in the quarter and an ongoing rate reduction. This productivity helped Frito-Lay to deliver operating profit growth of 8% while investing in our brands with double-digit A&M increases. Net overall, just another terrific performance from the Frito-Lay team, and we expect that these same performance drivers -- our core brand strength, our innovation, and our relentless focus on execution and productivity -- will enable Frito-Lay to deliver solid performance in the second half of the year.  At Quaker foods, operating profit increased 2% driven by net revenue increases of 4%. Volume declined slightly and was in line with expectations as we took price increases to cover grain inflation and cycled prior year innovation.  Now let me turn to PB&A. I am very pleased that our domestic beverage business delivered solid results in the quarter. Net revenues grew a healthy 5% on volume declines of less than 1%. We were lapping an 8% volume increase from the prior year, driven largely by 29% growth on Gatorade. Operating profit grew a solid 4% despite a tough overlap of 13% in the prior year.  Please keep in mind that while we're benefiting from lower amortization expenses this year, we did have a favorable insurance settlement in last year's base. So excluding the net of these two items, that increases this quarter's operating profit growth by 2 full points.  Now as you know, the beverage business is an enormous category. In fact, it's the largest in consumer packaged goods. The category continues to grow as new products are introduced to create new segments in the marketplace. We think of these segments in three broad areas: first, enjoyment and invigoration; second, hydration; and third, nutrition. Let me talk about our performance and outlook in the context of these consumer needs states.  Enjoyment invigoration brands are about 55% of the category and this segment is dominated by carbonated soft drinks, but it also includes growth segments like energy drinks, coffee, and ready-to-drink teas. In the quarter, our total CSD volumes declined mid single digits, in line with our expectations in light of the higher level of retail pricing in the market. To drive profitable CSD growth and to meet consumers' desires for a low calorie boost during the day, we launched Diet Pepsi Max at the end of the quarter. Max is off to a terrific start, having recently achieved a 1 share.  Complementing Max will be a new in and out flavor extension on Mountain Dew. Dew has partnered with Microsoft Xbox on their gaming franchise Halo 3 for a limited time only beverage that will be called Mountain Dew Game Fuel. Game Fuel will launch in early Q4.  Our energy drink business grew in excess of 20% driven by our primary brand Amp, which had over 100% growth so far this year. We're committed to becoming a much bigger player in the energy drink segment led by the Amp brand. Watch for an announcement soon in the coming months behind Amp.  Finally, our Lipton tea business continued to extend its leadership, growing in excess of 30% while gaining over 4 share points in the tea category. Trademark Lipton delivered over 30 million growth cases in the first half alone. Much of our growth this year is driven by our ability to scale innovation in the tea category. As an example, Lipton White Tea is off to a terrific start.  Importantly, the Lipton brand is sourcing volume across the full spectrum of liquid refreshment beverages. In the quarter, Lipton added more growth cases to the enjoyment invigoration segment than any other brand. In fact, our Lipton brand delivered more case growth in the total measured channel than any other brand across the total liquid refreshment beverage marketplace.  The second segment in beverages is hydration. Hydration represents about 30% of LRB volume and our brands have leading positions in the key segments of unflavored water, isotonics, and enhanced waters and a strong relative market share versus our primary LRB competitor.  Across the water segments we had strong growth in trademark Aquafina; Propel grew double-digits, and we saw continued momentum in our new brand Lifewater. Gatorade declined modestly, in line with expectations, especially given the 29% overlap. Our estimate of measured and unmeasured all channel retail Gatorade movement was up mid single-digits on a year-to-date basis. Over the balance of the year, Gatorade will gain modest momentum in Q3 and then accelerate in Q4. We believe that this business has the opportunity to grow high single-digits on an ongoing basis.  In Gatorade, we've built a mega brand by hydrating athletes when they are active on the field of play. With only a 12% share of these active first occasions Gatorade still has tremendous growth potential in its core usage. However, there are obviously significant untapped opportunities to hydrate athletes when they are off the field. So for the first time since introducing Propel, Gatorade will introduce a low-calorie electrolytic beverage to help our athletes hydrate when they are not on the field of play. It's our biggest news on Gatorade in over a decade, so watch for more details in early Q4.  You'll also see news on our enhanced water portfolio during the balance of this year. We expect Propel will continue with successful fit positioning and grow as consumers favor fitness water. Propel line extensions will reach consumers, asking for water that offers functional nourishment. Like our new Gatorade product, our Propel news will launch in Q4 as well.  To complete the portfolio, we will be relaunching Lifewater, we will be making product and packaging changes in the fourth quarter. So taken together, we believe our hydration brands are poised for strong growth in the back half of the year. We continue to explore the most effective means to go to market and we'll be utilizing both our warehouse and bottling networks to optimize the customer experience.  Finally, in the nutrition segment, our Tropicana business continues to benefit from a careful balance of net price and mix management, and cost control to offset raw material inflation. The hard work and focus on realigning the economics of Tropicana is paying dividends and our recently acquired Naked Juice business is off to a very strong start.  So in total, our collective businesses in North America delivered over 5% revenue and 5% profit growth and performed in line with our expectations. Importantly, we gained share in each of our key segments and looking forward, our innovation pipeline is primed for a strong second half. Additionally, we will be making selective investments in the balance of the year to accelerate our growth and marketplace positions even further across both snacks and beverages.  Now, before I turn the call over to my colleague here, Mike White, to talk about the international business, let me assure that you while we report our businesses as North America and international, our teams work together across the globe in search of new products and opportunity for growth.  So here's Mike. 
 Mike White: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. PepsiCo International delivered, I think, another terrific quarter. Strong, balanced volume growth across both snacks and beverages enabled to us deliver strong profit growth across our geographies.  As reported, our operating profit for Q2 was up 18%. In that, we were successful in offsetting the impact of higher input costs, particularly in vegetable oils and corn through sound mix management, excellent productivity gains, procurement savings, and some selective pricing. We forecast further commodity cost pressures certainly in the balance of the year, but I'm confident in our ability to manage these pressures within our overall algorithm.  While we managed the impact of higher commodity costs, however, our reported operating margins were flat for the quarter. I thought I'd point out there were two main drivers negatively impacting those operating margins by about 40 basis points. First, we're now fully consolidating two bottlers in China. In the past we accounted for these investments under the equity method in our line of business. With our increased ownership position, we now consolidate their performance in our P&L, particularly their revenue performance.  Now this together with the acquisition of the remaining interest of another joint venture, Snacks America Latina in June, is going to continue to have some impact on our operating margins in the second half. Second, as you know in Q1, we implemented a recall of our ready-to-drink flavored milk, Toddynho in Brazil following negative consumer taste perceptions resulting from some recent formula changes. That had a significant impact as well in Q2.  Clearly, however, our overall fundamental performance remains very strong both in the quarter and in particular for the first half as a whole with our year-to-date revenues up 18% and our operating profits up 22%.  Turning first to our snacks business, there we delivered another strong quarter with volume up 9% in Q2 and 11% year-to-date. Our snacks growth was broad based across our portfolio and was fueled by excellent innovation. In fact, more than 15 countries delivered double-digit volume growth including key emerging markets like Venezuela, Argentina, Columbia, Romania, Turkey, and South Africa.  I was particularly pleased, however, with the growth in our Russia and India markets. In Russia, our Lay's business grew more than 30% on innovation based around local flavors like our recently launched Lay's White Mushroom. In India, our growth was fueled by new marketing promotions behind Lay's as well as innovation behind our lentil-based snacks product. [Quaker complemented] our big three snacks business performances with double digit volume growth behind terrific innovation like [inaudible] Grand Cereal, and Oat Cookies.  In our Sabritas snacks business, both revenue and profits grew mid-single-digits, volume was down 1% as expected as we took pricing at the end of 2006 and the start of 2007 to cover input cost inflation.  On the Walkers side, I'm very happy with the success of our potato chip renovation efforts and the introduction of Baked Walkers. Walkers did face some net pricing pressure in the quarter as they fought for market share. I fully expect to see improvements over the balance of the year behind rolling out new products like SunChips, leveraging our North American experience and continuing to refine our trade investment process and promotional calendar as well.  Turning to beverages there, our volume showed continued momentum up 8%. Our growth was well balanced across the portfolio with carbonated soft drinks growing 7% and our non-carbonated drinks growing 16%. Again, we had strong double-digit growth in key markets like Russia, Argentina, Brazil, Pakistan, the United Kingdom, China, Venezuela, and the Philippines. Innovation and the expansion of our global brands into existing markets also continued to fuel growth.  For instance, our 7-Up brand, as Indra mentioned, grew 16% on the strength of the launch of 7-Up H20. 7-Up H20 continues to do extremely well in Latin America where it was launched in 2005 in Argentina. We launched it this year in Brazil and it's now the number one no sugar CSD in San Paolo. The brand has also posted early successes in both Vietnam and Ireland, another strong 7-Up market.  Pepsi Max also had a terrific quarter with growth of over 30%. We continue to gain share in the UK and Pepsi Max is now being rolled out in the Middle East. Lipton grew more than 60% in the quarter with green tea now accounting for more than 35% of our Lipton mix in Russia and green mint being launched in several new markets as well. Mountain Dew and Tropicana juices also posted strong double-digit growth while we had modest growth from Pepsi in the quarter.  Innovation will continue to be a critical driver of growth for all of us in all of our businesses in PI. In fact, I was really, really pleased; we recently held a major innovation expo across our snacks and beverages businesses. We had more than 500 of our managers in sales, marketing and R&D from around the world in attendance. Now, this isn't something new for us, we've been doing it for the last six or seven years since I was running Europe. I have to say that all of us that attended were incredibly impressed and excited about the health of our innovation pipeline for next year and years to come beyond that.  One of the illustrations I think of the great way that our snacks and beverage teams now work together and leverage the power of one is our upcoming Black Eyed Peas Pepsi Doritos promotion for the summer. This is our first global joint snacks and beverage integrated communications campaign. By the way, it's also our first global music-based Doritos campaign. I'm confident it's going to help us build on the terrific momentum of the brand which grew double-digit in second quarter.  I'm also pleased with the performance of all of our recent tuck-in acquisitions, Duyvis in Europe, Sakata in Australia, and Bluebird in New Zealand. Overall, they're all performing on or ahead of our expectations. As Indra mentioned in her opening remarks, we continue to look for good tuck-in acquisitions that are complementary to our business or get us into new geography.  Finally, we continue to deliver our results while building our organizational capability. For instance, on June 6, our Mexico team successfully launched the first release of SAP under PIs global business transformation project which is an integral part of PepsiCo's broader project.  So in summary, the international business continues to deliver solid results for PepsiCo. Our performance was broad based across our geographies as well as both snacks and beverages. Our business teams around the world are executing incredibly well and are managing tough input cost headwinds, and our recent tuck-in acquisitions are well on track while we continue to look for new opportunities.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Richard Goodman. 
Richard Goodman:  Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. As Indra, John, and Mike indicated, we delivered another strong quarter, with revenue up 10%, division operating profit up 9%, and EPS growth of 15%. The results showed the portfolio at work as every segment contributed to profit growth.  In the quarter, the overall division operating profit margin was down very modestly, about 20 basis points, primarily as a result of an overall mix shift in the portfolio to PI which has lower inherent margins than the domestic businesses. Company gross profits increased 9%, but our gross margin declined 90 basis points. This was also driven by PI, partially as Mike explained from bottler consolidations in China and a product recall in Brazil; and partly from interest cost inflation internationally.  Looking at our domestic businesses, we're forecasting that input cost inflation for all of 2007 will be largely in line with the guidance we provided to you at the beginning of the year. We had slightly better than expected costs so far but we anticipate that reversing in the second half. For the portfolio as a whole, we're continuing to look to a combination of innovation, selective price increases, and productivity to offset this inflation. So it's enabling us to be sensitive regarding the consumer value equation while still delivering on the bottom line.  In the quarter, below the line items and the tax rate provided 4 points of leverage from division operating profit to net income, with more than 3 percentage points coming from a 220 basis point reduction in the tax rate. Let me take you through the significant below the line items for the quarter and then turn to our guidance for the year.  The increase in corporate expenses for the quarter that you saw in the financial appendices to our press release related primarily to a $19 million increase in our reported deferred compensation costs. While we hedged almost all of that exposure, the favorable impact of those hedges is reported as a credit to net to interest income. Net deferred compensation expenses in the quarter increased by only $2 million.  All of the other pluses and minuses versus last year in corporate expenses netted to about zero in the quarter. However, I do want to point out that those results included a mark-to-market benefit on the commodity contracts reported at the corporate level. That gain, which contributed about 0.5 percentage point to our second quarter operating profit growth, will largely reverse during the balance of the year as the underlying contracts unwind.  Bottler equity income was up $12 million in total. This includes gains on PBG share sales which were about the same as last year.  Let me turn to our tax rate. As all of you know the implementation of FIN 48 will lead to greater variability in quarterly tax rates, and we saw the impact of just that in Q2. During the quarter, we settled the state audit for taxable years prior to 1998.  In prior years, we would have booked this ratably across Q2, Q3 and Q4, but the new rules required us to put the entire amount in Q2. That resulted in our reported 26.5% tax rate for the quarter significantly below last year's 28.7% and also below the 27.7% rate that had been our guidance for the year. I'll come back in a moment to what we're now forecasting as our effective tax rate for the full year.  The last element in our below the line leverage was the 1.4% decrease in our weighted average diluted share count. That's higher leverage than in the past because of our expanded share repurchase program. As we announced in May, we're expecting to increase share repurchases from $3 billion last year to $4.3 billion this year. We gained some additional net leverage in the quarter from repurchasing more than 5 million incremental shares, partially offset by the increased interest expense on the debt we took on to buy back those shares.  Moving on to cash flow, year-to-date cash provided by operating activities was $2 billion, which compares to $1.8 billion of cash flow year-to-date in 2006. This is consistent with our guidance which is to generate about $7 billion in cash from operating activities for the full year.  We returned $3 billion to shareholders year-to-date; $1 billion in dividends and $2 billion in share repurchases. As a reminder, in May we increase our dividend to an annualized $1.50 per share. The first of our dividend payments at the higher rate went out on June 29, and will be part of our third quarter cash flow results.  Let me turn now to our balance of the year outlook. As Indra mentioned in her opening remarks, given the strong first half performance and our confidence in the business, we are raising our full year earnings guidance to at least $3.35 per share. I know this is about where most of your forecasts are currently, so let me give you some context.  Our outlook for growth in our business remains very positive. We expect a strong first half division operating performance to continue into the second half. However, we will also see the impact of the quarterly variability in our net income from FIN 48 and from mark-to-market accounting. In the first half of the year, our tax rate 230 basis points below prior year coupled with net mark to market gains delivered about 5 points of positive leverage from division operating profits to net income. In the second half, it's likely that we will experience deleverage from division operating profit to net income driven by the flip side of these same factors.  Let me cover each of these in turn. First, our revised guidance assumes a full year tax rate of 27.3%. This includes a $17 million favorable adjustment which is a follow-on to the large one-time 2006 U.S. audit settlement that we reported last year. Without this benefit, our comparable rate would be 27.5%. As you saw, the reported tax rate for the first half of the year was a relatively low 26.1%. We're expecting the second half rate to be a couple of percentage points higher than that, which would also make it higher than the prior year's rates for both Q3 and Q4.  Second, as I indicated earlier, we expect a portion of the mark-to-market gains we recorded on certain corporate commodity hedges in the first half to reverse in the second half.  Finally, we will invest in our businesses through the balance of the year to drive growth. At the corporate level, we will accelerate our investments in long-term R&D initiatives. Separately, we will also be making selective investments in both our domestic and our international businesses to sustain our performance going forward. Again, a great outlook for 2007 as Indra noted, it is consistent with our strong EPS track record.  Let me turn it back now to Indra. 
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Richard. Let me just sum it up briefly. We are pleased with the company's performance of the second quarter and the first half. Our strategy of organic growth complemented by tuck-in acquisitions remains consistent, with tuck-ins ranging from a few million dollars to about $2 billion. We have momentum going into the second half and we have a portfolio that delivers results. Most importantly, we are in an enviable position of being able to both reinvest for growth and take up our full year guidance by $0.05 a share versus the start of the year. Last but not least, we have the absolute best and proven management team and associates to deliver for our shareholders.  We will now turn the line over for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Robert van Brugge - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Robert van Brugge - Sanford Bernstein: It seems like the price increases on Gatorade are at least partially responsible for the recent deceleration. After this year's round of price increases, do you perceive going back to your previous strategy of holding pricing more or less steady for extended periods of time? 
 John Compton: If you look at the all channel measure share there, you can see our prices are up in the 2% to 3% range. As you know, that's the first price increase we've taken on Gatorade, basically since we acquired the business back in 2001. So no, going forward, pricing is something that we look at occasionally. Right now, we think we have the business priced for the long term. 
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is from Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup. 
 Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup:  Mike, I have a question for you regarding your business in China. So far I believe your priority has really been the CSD market in China and my understanding is that approximately two-thirds of that business, the beverage business in China is comprised of CSD so obviously that makes sense.  I was hoping you could talk about the possibility that you will increase your focus on the non-carb segment in the future. If so how you hope to increase your presence in non-carbs in China? Would it be through acquisitions, organically, or possibly a balance of both? 
 Mike White:  Thanks, Bonnie. I think I'll save the mailing of my strategy to our friends in Atlanta if you don't mind, but let me try and comment on your question. Certainly first, I think we've been very clear that we absolutely see non-carbs as a strategic priority for PepsiCo and certainly for PI as well. I think I have talked about it at a number of our investor meetings and certainly as well, we see the priority for China and other key emerging markets. So you are absolutely right. We are ramping up our focus on non-carbs in a number of markets around the world.  In China, in particular, we just launched a product called [Sobidi], which is a refreshing soy drink, we're very excited about it, in three flavors. It's off to a great start in China. We're also seeing excellent growth out of Gatorade in China which we've gone national with this year. Of course, we're looking at all of the other segments of the business in China as well. I think I've been clear that we've got wonderful assets in North America in our portfolio there that we've yet to take advantage of in a number of markets as well.  As for acquisitions versus organic, I think it's going to be both, Bonnie. I think that it's clear to us we've got some terrific brands and products that we think we can leverage in other markets when we tailor them to the local market and so I do expect us to be ramping up our organic strategy in China as well as in other key emerging markets with a particular focus on juice, juice drinks, as well as sports drinks like Gatorade and other areas as well.  At the same time, we obviously are very actively scanning the horizon for acquisition opportunities or even joint venture opportunities. China is certainly a priority from that standpoint and we've actually been actively looking at the horizon for the last three years for NCB opportunities globally and we'll continue to do so. I certainly expect China would be a priority in that regard as well. 
Indra Nooyi:  If I may just add to what Mike said, the market for non-carbs is so fragmented in China, there's tremendous opportunity for growth. The question is, are you going to do it through an acquisition or through organic development? 
Operator:  Thank you, your next question is from Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley. 
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: It seems that your announcement of the hydration segment is showing that Gatorade was losing share in the non-sweat occasions where it expanded to, and now you've announced an innovation pipeline to address that. So on the low calorie Gatorade, is that going to use artificial sweeteners? How is the line extension going to be positioned versus Propel and the relaunch of Lifewater in terms of your overall hydration strategy? 
 John Compton: That's a great question because the Gatorade business today is appropriately positioned to rehydrate athletes when they're active. Propel was introduced as a much broader fitness water for people who are walking, occasionally may be taking a run or even if you're just sitting down. It wasn't targeted specifically to athletes.  The product that we're going to introduce in the fourth quarter is specifically for athletes in the non-active occasion. I don't want to give the formula details right now. That will come forward as we get closer to the announcement of exactly when we launch it, but it will be coming in the back half of the fourth quarter. It's something that we have consistently been asked for by customers and consumers alike in terms of having a low calorie Gatorade offering and the team is excited about the launch. I think you'll see it marketed in a way that you have come to expect from the Gatorade marketing team. 
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley: On the Lifewater relaunch that you're doing, do you see broadening that beyond, into additional flavors but also additional occasions you are going after there. 
 John Compton:  I do and Dawn Hudson is here and I'll ask Dawn just to comment just for a second because that's in the PC&A line of business. 
 Dawn Hudson:  Bill, Lifewater's really still in its infancy as it's growing so we have some additional news to continue trial, we're really after trial. Lifewater really is a broad hydration beverage with the ability to serve consumer needs across multiple occasions. We'll continue that strategy with the relaunch. 
Indra Nooyi:  Bill, the only other thing I'd add is with consumers being faced with a tremendous number of choices for products, some of the big brands we have in hydration seem to be cutting through the clutter very, very well. Taken together, our brands in hydration do have a leadership position and we are gaining share. 
Operator: Your next question is from Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank. 
 Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: I was hoping we might spend a little time talking about the elephant in the corner of the room. Last week's Journal reported discussions with Nestle; that's a little bit bigger than $2 billion. In light of the credible source, would you please comment on how that type of transaction is obviously very different from your strategy and how we should think about something transformational as opposed to bolt-on in the future? Thanks, Indra. 
Indra Nooyi:  Marc, you know that we never comment on rumors of that kind and we never comment on anything to do with M&A. All I can tell you is that our strategy's unchanged. I told you this on October 23 when we had our analyst meeting in New York that our strategy was tuck-in acquisitions. I reiterated that in our Q1 call and I reiterated it again on the call today.  You talked about a credible source -- what is this credible source? 
 Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank:  The Wall Street Journal. I'd be careful. Be nice to them, Indra. 
Indra Nooyi:  Marc, I didn't say anything negative. Please, I like them a lot and it is a great paper. I was just wondering whether you knew more than I did. 
 Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank:  No. I just read the paper. 
Indra Nooyi:  So do I. 
 Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Just as a follow-up there, can we talk as far as criteria for deals, be they big or small, maybe now might be an appropriate time to review that. Does anything change in terms of your objective criteria if deals got larger? Any consideration of higher interest costs or the dollar being weak, do those factor in? 
Indra Nooyi:  Marc, it's difficult to just give you every one of our criteria. All I will tell you is that we look primarily to fill in white spaces, to go into the deals where it adds scale to existing businesses or to add on new capabilities especially in the area of Better For You, Good For You snacks and beverages. That's been our traditional approach.  Internationally, clearly we would like more deals because we would like to build up the international part of our portfolio. As you well know, Marc, we've been extremely disciplined in the way we do deals. We try our best to see if it can't be EPS accretive in the first 12 months after the deal is done.  We also make sure that we can handle the post-merger integration and not have a problem when we put the two companies together. So contrary to these rumors, we are a very, very conservative and careful company when it comes to deal making. 
Operator: Your next question is from Lauren Torres - HSBC. 
 Lauren Torres - HSBC:  I was hoping you could talk a bit more about your plans for accelerated second half investments. First, if you could talk about the magnitude of these increased investments and second, where do you intend to direct these investments, be it domestic, international, or snacks and/or beverages? 
Indra Nooyi:  Clearly we cannot give you all of the details, Lauren, but I tell you that both John and Mike have plans to reinvest in their markets to accelerate growth. As Richard mentioned in the script, even at the corporate level, we are stepping up our investments in R&D in terms of big bet long-term investments. I think I discussed at the October 23 analyst meeting we had in New York that we intend to visibly step up our R&D spending and consistent with that, we began in Q2 and we are going to continue in Q3 and Q4. 
 Lauren Torres - HSBC: With that in mind it does seem though that there is more room internationally. That's where the weight of that investment will go? 
Indra Nooyi:  It's going to be both International and North American. I can't give you the details but it's going to be across all of our businesses. 
Operator: Your next question is from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Just looking at the margin behavior at PI in the second quarter, just wondering if you can quantify some of the factors that depress the operating margin in the second quarter, be it the raw material costs or the product recall costs, et cetera and then how you envision those factors affecting the second half margins?  Secondly, your expectations for the outlook on the Walkers and Sabritas in the second half of the year. 
 Mike White: Happy to, Judy. Good morning. First of all, let's keep in mind that the overall goal for PI as I think we've consistently said, is to grow our profits at a mid-teens rate and certainly when I took over international and our margins were down in the low double-digits, I certainly felt there was significant expansion potential in our margins. We've delivered on that the last number of years.  Over the next three years first of all, let me be clear. I continue to expect us to see 25 to 50 basis point expansion which is consistent with what I've said before. Having said that, let me just comment on both Q2 and the balance of this year. On Q2, I probably couldn't break out the commodity cost piece of it that easily, although we certainly have significant pressure on the gross margin line.  But the recall was about $10 million. I think it was about $9 million in costs and there's probably a couple million dollars in lost sales. So it's probably more around $12 million, $13 million that did hit the quarter. That certainly had an impact on the margins.  The other factor, as I mentioned, is that we had a couple of joint ventures and a good example going forward in Q3 and Q4 is the joint venture that we had in Latin America on snacks where we historically consolidated the profits but not the revenues. So when you complete an acquisition, that's buying out our joint venture partner of a joint venture, we'll pick up the revenues, pick up their share of the profits but we're picking up 100% of the revenues. So you are going to see some pressure balance of the year out of these joint venture pickups between that and also the China bottlers.  That, coupled with the reinvestment I would say balance of year, I expect will still have very healthy mid-teens margins but we probably wouldn't be necessarily consistent with the longer-term guidance that I would expect to see over the next three years.  Some conscious decisions on reinvestments, for instance, the launch of SunChips in the UK which will be going in September with a big media bang is certainly one of the investments that we're going to be making. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Then just your expectation on Walkers and Sabritas? 
 Mike White: On Walkers, first of all, we are expecting to see a secular improvement in the second half around three priorities. One as I just mentioned is the launch of SunChips. The second is a relaunch of basic Walkers where they feature British potatoes. The third is really tuning up our promotional frequency in store.  I think the good news about the UK is we actually had category growth. In Q2, the category grew about 2%. It took us a little while to get our promotional frequency back in line. It was in line by the end of the quarter, but earlier in the quarter, we were probably missing a couple of promotional windows.  Now, weather aside and the impact weather may or may not have on the business, I certainly fully expect Walkers to have a solid second half in terms of the top line performance.  Sabritas is performing really right in line with the expectations that we have had for the year. Which is we took about a 6% price increase and based on all our elasticity models that suggested that we would have flattish, to maybe down 1 in terms of growth and we've been running right in line with that. Actually, our like-for-like comparison of our snacks business in local currency is up better than mid single-digits in both revenue and profits. That's right where I would expect a business of that size and magnitude.  We've got some promotions balance of year, a new flavor on Doritos. The Black Eyed Peas promotion will be a big hit in Mexico as well. I think the Sabritas team continues to really do an outstanding job on execution. We're gaining share there. I expect we'll continue to do that in the balance of the year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS. 
 Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: I know you can't provide us with what you're focusing on for R&D but could you help us a little bit with if anything has changed in the marketplace which is causing you to accelerate your R&D in some of your end market investing? 
Indra Nooyi:  No change, Kaumil. Remember when we were in the investor meeting in October, we talked about the fact that we've been focusing a lot on the D part of R&D and less on the R. There's tremendous opportunity to develop premium products with increased efficacy by focusing on R; not like the pharmaceutical companies do but through connecting with other people, figuring out how to take inventions in other industries and bringing it to the food industry. We're putting our money in some of those areas and some of them are looking pretty promising. We'll come back and talk to you when they come to fruition. 
 Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Also if I could ask about productivity a bit at Frito-Lay and as SAP rolls out, should we expect that to accelerate? 
Indra Nooyi:  First of all, SAP is still rolling out in Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade and then it comes to PepsiCo in North America Frito-Lay is down the pike. John, why don't you talk about SAP rollout and Frito-Lay productivity? 
 John Compton:  Yes. Let me start with SAP. I'm pleased at the Quaker business, that's the first that we rolled out across North America. We are about halfway through that rollout. To date, everything has gone exactly as we had planned. Frito-Lay will be further down the pike in terms of the expectation of when we roll out SAP to that business.  As it relates to your question about Frito-Lay productivity and the impact that had on margins in the quarter, we both got good leverage on the costs of goods sold and in S&D, so both areas; the selling system, the overall supply chain contributed about four-tenths of a point and then we spent back, as I said, in A&M overall, but overall our margin has expanded in the Frito-Lay business about 40 basis points.  As you know, that business has historically had strong manufacturing supply chain productivity. That is continuing today. The transformational agenda that we're underway on that business is very exciting. The team is in place and working against the initiatives that we've outlined. The selling organization, I think, is dong a terrific job and we're getting good leverage in our selling expenses. 
Operator: Your next question is from John Faucher  JP Morgan. 
 John Faucher - JP Morgan: Following up on that last question, it seems going back a couple of years you guys have taken the opportunity to maybe take advantage of the operating profit growth on international to ramp up the investment in marketing on Frito-Lay North America and we're still seeing that in this quarter despite the margin expansion.  How much more reinvestment do you think you need to do? Is it core reinvestment at this point or is it more opportunistic? If that slows a little bit the level of reinvestment, do we continue to see more of the upside flowing through? 
Indra Nooyi: John, I think the level of profit growth in Frito-Lay that you saw this quarter was pretty spectacular first of all.  Second, we are going into new categories, new parts of the store, new eating occasions. As we talk about our salty snack expansion, we said we're moving out of core salty snack and inching out of the core. If you inch out of the core and get into new areas of the store, clearly you have got to invest behind marketing programs, promotional activities to develop businesses in those parts of the store as you establish beach head.  So I think the Frito-Lay business has tremendous top line growth opportunities and to keep fueling that growth, we have to keep investing. 
 John Faucher - JP Morgan:  So we should expect the level of investment then to probably continue to rise as a percentage of sales? 
Indra Nooyi:  Well, let's look at it this way. You will see continued growth in the top line and significant profit growth in Frito-Lay's bottom line as you have been seeing over the past few quarters. 
Operator: Your next question is from Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of clarifications if I could, from Richard. I just want to understand higher R&D spend, would that fall into your corporate expense line then, rather than the segment line? 
Richard Goodman:  Yes, in this case it would because it is for corporate wide initiatives spanning all of the segments of our business. So yes, it would be below the division operating profit lines. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Richard, can you confirm currency? Did it boost revenue and profit by about 150 basis points? Did I do the math right? 
Richard Goodman:  I'm sorry? 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Currency in your top line, the consolidated top line and profit growth? 
Richard Goodman:  Yes, it increased; on the division profits it was about, it was just about 1.5%, that's correct. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Great. Based on your comments with the tax rate this year of 27.3% and the one-time benefit this year, we can perhaps estimate that going into '08 that should trend back up into the upper 27? 
Richard Goodman:  Yes. I think it would be the mid 27s is probably about right. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Final question for Dawn if I could. The press release suggested noncarbonated volume in North America up 3%, I think that included Gatorade and Tropicana. Can you comment a bit on the bottler volume with some comments on Aquafina? The 9% growth, is that where we're comfortable or is this reflecting some tough comps in basic water? Thank you. 
 Dawn Hudson:  First of all, we're very pleased with our noncarbonated portfolio increase; we are lapping 23% from a year ago and we continue to see strong growth. As we commented, it was driven by our tea portfolio with 30% growth. We're also pleased with the Aquafina growth at 8% and that's on a total portfolio basis as we expand Aquafina into other enhanced water occasions. What was your third question? 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  I just want to confirm the noncarbonated growth, I read the press release to include the growth of 3% to include the slight weakness in Gatorade and Tropicana. 
 Dawn Hudson:  That's correct. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  If we were to pull out those volumes and look at your teas and energy and water, typically, is that a number that you'd normally give us? 
 Dawn Hudson:  No, we don't normally break it out, but it would be very healthy; significant double-digit growth. 
Richard Goodman:  Christine, just to clarify on the tax rates, for the second half of the year, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our tax rate will be a couple of percentage points higher than it was in the first half of the year. I assumed your question meant on an ongoing basis after that as you look forward to 2008, it would probably be mid-27s which is about the effective rate that we have this year. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  That's exactly what I meant. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Riley - Morningstar. 
 Matthew Riley - Morningstar: I just had a quick question on Tropicana. I wanted to get your read on how you feel it's performed over the past few months? Then looking out into the future, is there any sort of light at the end of the tunnel given the really tough commodity cost situation we all know you have faced for so long? 
 John Compton: Matthew, thanks for the question. The Tropicana business is performing in line with our expectations given the pricing that we had to take to cover the significant raw material inflation that hit both us and every other competitor who is in this business. Based on what we've seen to date, on the scan volume in the measured channel and in the non-measured channels it is performing in line with where we thought it would be.  It's hard to predict this business going forward. The futures market is fairly volatile. As we sit here right now, we are expecting it to subside from the levels that we are incurring right now. Like we commented on Gatorade and Propel, and the rest of our beverage brands there's exciting news and innovation coming behind the Tropicana business in the first quarter of next year. 
Operator: Your final question is from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I want to follow up a little bit in terms of what Marc had asked before. When you highlighted the October analyst meeting, one of the things that some investors noted to me and one of the things that I noticed was that historically on your slides, you have kind of had more of a laser focus on snacks. But on those slides, you had more of a focus on food. You talked about Quaker being a health brand you could move in white spaces. So from an M&A perspective, is it unreasonable for shareholders to think that food on a more generic basis is an area of target as opposed to just snacks? 
Indra Nooyi:  Eric, it's very hard for me to get that specific. I'll just tell you one thing. We're in the business of convenience; convenient snacks and beverages. We have some food businesses which came from the Quaker Oats acquisitions. We've been quite successful at sustaining the growth of those food businesses but more importantly, if I can coin a word, snackifying some of those foods. We've taken some of the Quaker products and actually made very interesting snacks out of them. So our core business is snacks and beverages. In some geographies does it make sense to get into food in the short term? Yes, for example in Mexico we are in the food businesses; in Brazil, we own a sardines business. That's a food business. Sometimes you get into the food business because it helps get the scale, drive your snacks business and then downstream if the food business doesn't fit with you, you can do something else with it like we did in Poland several years ago. Right now, our goal is not to get into food in a big way. We're still in the snacks business. That's really our ongoing strategy. No change.  It appears there are no more questions. Thank you for all your time and attention today. We appreciate your interest in PepsiCo and look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-08 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Indra Nooyi - President, CEO   Richard Goodman - CFO   John Compton - North America CEO   Dawn Hudson - North America President   Michael White - International Vice Chairman, CEO   Jamie Caulfield - IR 
Analysts: Kaumil Gujjarwal - UBS   Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley   Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup   Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs   Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus   Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch   Lauren Torres - HSBC   John Faucher  JP Morgan   Alex Paterson - RPM   Matthew Riley - Morningstar   Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities   Carlos Laboy - Bear Stearns   Ravi Pamnani - GE Asset Management 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to PepsiCo's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Jamie Caulfield, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
 Jamie Caulfield:  Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. Today's webcast includes a slide presentation that can be accessed at our PepsiCo.com website.  Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements, but we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of specific risks that may affect our performance.  You should refer to the investor section of PepsiCo's website at www.pepsico.com under the heading PepsiCo Financial Press Releases to find disclosure and a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures that may be used by management when discussing PepsiCo's financial results with investors and analysts.  This morning's prepared remarks will be made by Indra Nooyi, our President and CEO; and Richard Goodman, PepsiCo's CFO. Indra and Richard are joined today by Mike White, PepsiCo's Vice-Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo International; by John Compton, CEO of PepsiCo North America; and Dawn Hudson, CEO of PepsiCo North America. Following the prepared remarks by Indra and Richard, Mike, John, and Dawn will be glad to take your questions. We have intentionally kept the prepared remarks short this morning to allow more time for Q&A.  I would like to call your attention to a few items that affect the comparability of the numbers we have reported this morning. We had net tax benefits in the quarter totaling $0.37 per share, $0.36 of that -- or approximately $600 million -- is made up principally of the tax benefits we announced in October related to the IRS examination of our tax returns for the years 1998 through 2002 and is reflected in the tax provision line. Another $0.01 relates to our share of the tax benefits that PBG announced last week and that amount is reflected in the bottling equity income line. We recorded a charge related to the Frito-Lay manufacturing network consolidation that we also announced in October. That amount is $67 million on a pre-tax basis and $43 million after tax or approximately $0.03 per share.  Now in the prior year, there were three items that affect the comparability of the results. There was a $0.27 per share tax charge in the third quarter of 2005 related to our repatriation of $7.5 billion in international cash; there was an extra reporting week in the fourth quarter of 2005; and there was a restructuring charge of $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter; again, of 2005. The net is that our reported EPS for the fourth quarter shows a 63% increase, but excluding the impacts of the items I just mentioned, EPS grew 11%. And for the full year, the comparable EPS growth rate -- again, excluding those items -- is 13%.  The tables in the release and attached financial schedules include both the GAAP reported numbers, and the numbers adjusted for the items I just mentioned which we believe are more indicative of our ongoing performance. On today's call, we will refer to the results excluding the items I just mentioned as core results.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Indra Nooyi. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
 Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Jamie and good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us this morning. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss PepsiCo's 2006 performance and our outlook for 2007. As I am sure you saw in this morning's release, we had a very good quarter to complete what has been another very strong year for PepsiCo. We are pleased with how our portfolio of businesses performed in 2006, and I want to take this opportunity to recognize all of our associates around the world who made it all happen.  On a core basis, worldwide snacks volume grew 6%, worldwide beverages grew 7%, net revenue was up 9%, division operating profit grew 8%, and as Jamie just mentioned, core EPS grew 13%.  Let me spend just a minute recapping the 2006 headlines for each of the divisions. Frito-Lay had a very solid year. It had consistent volume growth, accompanied by accelerating price realization during the course of the year, in part by pricing and in part by managing a positive mix shift in the portfolio. At the same time, Frito continued to drive its productivity agenda to offset the impact of inflation. It had efficiency gains across manufacturing, increasing its manufacturing efficiency by almost 1% for the year. It was a combination of strong volume growth, price realization and systematic productivity programs that drove Frito-Lay North America's strong balanced financial performance.  We are particularly pleased with the strong finish they had in Q4 with operating profit growth accelerating. Importantly, the business is in great shape as we head into 2007. Frito has continued to advance its health and wellness agenda. In 2006, that included the move to cook Lay's and Ruffles in 100% sunflower oil which reduced the amount of saturated fat by 50%; and the introduction of more Smart Spot original products like Baked Tostitos Scoops.  We are also pleased with the momentum of Doritos; a combination of product news, updated packaging and terrific marketing has really reignited the brand, and SunChips had a spectacular year with strong double-digit growth in every quarter.  We broadened Frito's product portfolio with the addition of Stacy's Pita and Bagel Chips which gives us another growth platform and we continue to improve productivity across the value chain, for example, in areas like packaging automation and through the deployment of new technology at the front line.  We also are very excited about the innovation we have lined up for 2007, beginning with the introduction this month of Flat Earth, a line of fruit and vegetable-based snacks that are truly unique. We feel very good about Frito-Lay's performance and the momentum of the business as we head into 2007.  Turning now to Pepsi Beverages North America. We are pleased with PBNA's top line performance for 2006 with volume growth of 4%. This growth was led by terrific non-comp performance where we had core volume growth of 14%. Gatorade, Aquafina, Lipton, Frappuccino and our energy drink portfolio each had double-digit growth for the full year. We added to our portfolio through the acquisition of Izze sparkling beverages and through the alliance with Ocean Spray that we announced in September, and we just completed the acquisition of Naked Juice last month.  But the year was not without its challenges, chief among them the extraordinary inflation on oranges. Given the hand we were dealt, I think our team has done a good job in managing through the situation and I feel reasonably good about the Tropicana business as we head into 2007. We have executed a series of price increases to cover the orange cost inflation, and it appears that the pricing is sticking.  Focusing a bit on Gatorade. Gatorade had a very good volume growth for the full year, but the fourth quarter performance was off the full-year trend, so let me provide a little perspective on Gatorade's Q4 performance:  First, keep in mind that Gatorade was lapping 30% plus growth from the fourth quarter of 2005, so we were facing very tough comparisons.  Second, the weather at the beginning of the fourth quarter was cooler than it was in the prior year, and because of the seasonality of this category, September to October are more important months than November and December. So if you get behind in the beginning of the quarter, it's very difficult to make it up in the back half of the quarter.  Third, the allocation situation we had in the third quarter of 2005 had an effect. Retail inventories were abnormally low entering the fourth quarter of 2005, and we believe a bit higher than normal coming into the fourth quarter of 2006, as retailers did not want to be short of product following last year's experience.  Now, it may help to normalize the weather impact and the retail inventory situation by looking at Gatorade's average two-year growth rate for Q4, which is an annual growth of about 10%. Needless to say, the Q4 Gatorade volume performance, combined with incremental Gatorade supply chain costs were the key drivers of PBNA's Q4's profit performance.  As we head into 2007, we feel pretty good about the PBNA portfolio, and we are excited about the innovations we have lined up. Eric Foss of PBG mentioned a number of new products on the PBG call last week including Aquafina Alive, Sobe Essential Energy, Mountain Dew AMP Overdrive and Pepsi Jazz Caramel Cream. Tropicana's new products include Tropicana Fruit Squeeze and Gatorade just launched Gatorade AM and Propel Lemonade.  Finally, I want to emphasize the strength of the partnership with our bottlers. We think they are the best in the business. We continue to have a very productive relationship with them and we are well aligned in our priorities for the coming year.  PepsiCo International. Another terrific performance in 2006 from PepsiCo International, the portfolio of PI businesses continues to strengthen. We had another year of very broad based growth. Our larger, more mature markets had solid performance, and we saw a continuation of the smaller, faster growing markets making an increasingly large contribution to PI's overall results. Core snacks volume was up 10%. Beverage volume was up 9% and core operating margins improved nearly 80 basis points to just over 15%. As with the North American businesses, International is also making great progress with its non-carbonated beverage and health and wellness agendas which are becoming increasingly important contributors to the division's overall growth.  Let me talk to just a few of the highlights for each of the regions.  In Mexico and Latin America, Sabritas had very strong financial and market share performance and made significant progress in its go-to-market transformation projects. Gamesa had a strong year with particularly good volume results in the higher end of the category driving very good net price realization and margin growth. Gatorade across the region was up over 20%, and we launched a number of products to expand the health and wellness portfolio like 7-UP H20 and Twistos in Chile.  In the U.K. and Europe, the successful relaunch of the Walker's brand and new product launches like Baked Walker's drove favorable volume share performance and reignited category growth. Tropicana continued its impressive growth trend with volume in the U.K. up more than 25% for the year. We have strong snack growth across Europe behind strong execution and innovation, and we successfully integrated the Duyvis Nuts and Poland Snacks acquisitions.  In the Middle East, we had double-digit volume gains in both snacks and beverages, accompanied by very strong market share gains and we advanced our health and wellness agenda by spending on non-carbonated beverage business.  In Asia, we had double-digit snacks growth and 9% beverage growth. Our Australia snacks business had one of its best performances ever. Profit margins improved across almost all of our operations. We successfully integrated the Sakata and other acquisitions we made and continued to strengthen our bottling infrastructure throughout the region.  Net, a great year for International and strong momentum as we start 2007.  Quaker Foods in North America also had a strong year in 2006 with core revenue and profit each up 5%, even as we were lapping revenue growth each of 10% and operating profit growth of 11% on a core basis from the prior year.  So overall, we feel very good about the business. The PepsiCo portfolio delivered strong, balanced, top line and bottom line growth. We are making good progress on key initiatives of expanding our product portfolio, driving health and wellness, and strengthening our geographic footprint. Our key management changes have been seamless with no disruption to the businesses. As I mentioned before, we have good momentum as we go into 2007.  Now let me hand it over to Richard to cover the 2006 corporate items and the 2007 guidance. 
Richard Goodman: Thank you, Indra. For both the fourth quarter and the full year earnings benefited from a combination of lower corporate unallocated expenses, gains from the PBG share sale program -- which is in its second year -- a decline in net interest expense, a lower tax rate, and a decline in our diluted shares resulting from our share buyback program.  Our reported tax rate for the quarter and full year was impacted by the items Jamie mentioned at the beginning of the call. We provided a reconciliation of the reported rate to our core rate in the attachments to the press release and on the current slide. Adjusting for the non-recurring tax items, our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 28.4% and for the full year was 28%. The full-year rate is consistent both with the guidance we provided at the beginning of 2006 and also with the update we provided on last quarter's call.  Moving to cash flow for the year. We are pleased with our cash flow performance for the year. Our operating cash flow -- that is cash from operating activities net of CapEx -- came in at just under $4.1 billion. That was slightly ahead of the target we set at the beginning of the year, primarily because CapEx of $2.1 billion was just a bit lower than our full-year target.  That concludes the 2006 discussion. Let's now turn to the outlook for 2007.  For the year, consistent with our long-term guidance, we anticipate mid single-digit volume and revenue growth with a positive spread between volume and revenue and EPS growth of at least 10% growing off our 2006 core EPS of $3 a share.  Let me comment on our expectations for inflation and forex. For 2007, we expect to see a continued net inflationary environment, but I think it is important to put this in an appropriate context. First, we are not expecting the year-on-year inflation to be any greater than the inflation we experienced in 2006. And as in 2006, we expect it to be driven disproportionately by inflation in the cost of oranges.  The balance of our strategic inputs as a basket will be slightly inflationary -- that is, in the low single digits -- and we feel reasonably confident in our forecast for the year. We believe it is unlikely that actual costs will vary to the upside or to the downside by more than $50 million versus our forecast going into the year.  It is important to keep in mind that we have a very diverse input cost structure. Our top ten North American inputs are made up of the following six key ingredients: oranges, potatoes, cooking oil, other juices and concentrates, sugar and corn; plus on the packaging side: bottles and closures, corrugated and paperboard, packaging film and labels, and finally, energy.  As a basket, these inputs represent less than 50% of our total North America cost of goods sold and no individual item represents more than 10% of total cost of goods sold. Our experience with this diverse basket is that in any given year, you tend to have deflation in some items offsetting inflation in others. So with the exception of oranges, I would characterize the inflation as normal and we will manage the inflation as we always have through a combination of productivity, mix and targeted pricing.  As we mentioned in October, oranges have experienced a structural change resulting from shortages in Florida. We've taken pricing to cover the costs and we will continue to explore alternative sourcing arrangements as a longer-term solution.  With respect to forex, we expect depreciation in the pound and euro to be offset somewhat by a weaker Mexican peso and Canadian dollar with the net impact, a slight upside for the year. We expect a slight benefit on both the top line and operating profit from tuck-in acquisitions.  Below the operating line, we will continue to get leverage from controlling our departmental G&A, we'll continue to invest in our business process transformation initiative in 2007 which is reflected in our corporate unallocated costs. We will continue our PBG share sale program and expect to sell about 9.5 million shares in 2007; and, we will get financial leverage from our share buyback, which we expect to be approximately $3.3 billion. We are forecasting our full-year tax rate at 27.7%, which compares to our 2006 core rate of 28%. The reduced tax rate should provide approximately 50 basis points of earning leverage.  We expect continued strong cash flow performance. Our target for 2007 is to generate $7 billion in cash from operating activities and to reinvest $2.6 billion in CapEx, consistent with what we communicated in October and resulting in management operating cash flow of $4.4 billion.  Before we open it up to questions, I would also like to offer some points to consider as you model out our quarterly growth for the year:  First, be mindful of our overlaps. In general, our performance was stronger in the first half than the second half.  Second, we expect input cost inflation to be higher in the first half than in the second half.  Third, as we adapt to new FIN 48 income tax accounting pronouncement, the result will be a more variable tax rate from quarter to quarter.  Finally in 2007, we will be aligning the accounting periods for our international businesses. We currently have operating units using a combination of months and four-week accounting periods. In 2007, we will transition substantially all of our international businesses to months. This move is being made as part of our SAP implementation.  In 2007, we will also begin including the results of our international joint venture bottlers in the PI division results. This will result in approximately $60 million of pre-tax earnings being reclassified from the equity income line to the PI line of business. This change is being made because it is more reflective of how we manage the international business. Neither of these changes will affect the full-year pre-tax income, net income or EPS.  Within a few weeks, we will provide on our website a recalendarized and reclassified 2006 to reflect these changes so you can adjust the base year in your models.  Now I will hand it back to Indra. 
 Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Richard. A few concluding remarks before we open it up to questions. Our guidance for 2007 is right in line with our long-term target. I want to emphasize that we feel very good about the health of our businesses as we begin 2007. We've talked many times about our portfolio approach to managing PepsiCo. It allows us to invest in some areas while we are realizing the benefits of fast investments in others. It has served us well, and has been a major contributing factor to our consistently strong performance. We will continue to operate under this principle in 2007.  Finally, I believe our plans are realistic and balanced and provide appropriate flexibility for investments.  So with that, operator, we will now be glad to open the line for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Kaumil Gujjarwal - UBS. 
 Kaumil Gujjarwal - UBS : Thank you. Would you mind talking about how much of the profitability decline in PBNA was related to investments in the new Gatorade plant versus some of the year-over-year issues that you talked about in your prepared remarks? 
John Compton: I would be happy to discuss that. I had a hunch there might be a few questions about Gatorade today. If I could, let me build on Indra's comments around the characterization of the business. We felt like 2006 was a strong year for the Gatorade business overall. Our volume was up north of double-digits and that is consistent with where that business has been performing in the past.  As you know, last year when the business grew north of 20%, we went on allocation for about four months during the course of the year and we were building new capacity to get ready so we could serve the business going forward. That new capacity did come online, to the basis of your question, in September of this year when we did incur one-time expenses in starting up the Whitfield, Virginia plant. It started up on time. The efficiencies that we are generating from that plant are ahead of our expectations to date and we have four new lines up and running.  So the combination of both the shipments on Gatorade being below year ago and the one-time start-up expenses in the Whitfield, Virginia plant were a part of the PBNA profit shortfall in the fourth quarter. 
 Indra Nooyi: We are not providing detail down to the individual product line basis, Kaumil, but it certainly did have a factor in the PBNA profit profile for 2006 Q4. 
 Kaumil Gujjarwal - UBS : Got it. Just to make sure this one-time expense for firing up the plant is not something that continues. 
John Compton: Also as you know, we are building a new facility in Pryor, Oklahoma as we sit here and it is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of this year. 
Rich Goodman: Just to clarify in 2007 what we will see is a balance. We have new facility opening as John mentioned, but also we will be getting the productivity from this facility and the additional lines that we put it 2006. We will see a greater balance between the investment costs on the one hand and the productivity on the other in 2007 versus what we have seen in 2006. 
 Kaumil Gujjarwal - UBS : Okay. Great, thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley. 
 Bill Pecoriello - Morgan Stanley:  Good morning, everybody. Question again on PBNA. When you look out to '07, I know you don't like to guide by division, but could profit growth be down in the first half of the year or the full year?  If you can't comment on that, some of the things we have to think about was the Gatorade costs you were just referring to. You are taking a concentrate price increase close to 4% to spend back on trade promo and coupons. The volume weakness maybe on the CSD side as the bottlers raise 4%. Also the Tropicana pricing, it sounds like that's covering the inflation and the volume decline. With all those puts and takes what should we look at for that division? 
Indra Nooyi: Bill, you know we don't like to provide guidance by business, but roughly speaking, I'd say the first half, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there is more inflation that will flow through the P&L in the first half, the plant start-ups and the fact we have extraordinary overlaps from the first half of 2006. So I think as you calendarize the year, the second half starts looking a lot better than the first half, but overall we're still looking for a good year from PBNA. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup. 
 Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup:  Thank you. I actually have a question regarding something I learned, which is it is my understanding across your Frito-Lay products in North America that you have extended your shelf life date by one week or, I guess, use by date by one week. I was hoping you could comment on that. Obviously, talking about the implications, the potential cost savings of that, and how you are really facilitating that? 
 John Compton:  Yes, Bonnie, I am glad you picked up on that. We have gone to an every other week code dating in Frito-Lay North America. We have just implemented that. It is not really an extension of the code date as much as it is we are putting the bellmark and the code date on the bag every other week. That helps our sales person at the store level in the amount of time they're going to be spending on rotation of our product on the store shelves. That's a key part of Frito-Lay's productivity agenda they have in place this year and we have just implemented this change. 
 Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup:  It is my understanding that from the salesperson's perspective, a Frito-Lay salesperson's perspective, it might save them -- is it possible -- one to two hours every day, because to your point is does certainly take a lot of time to replace the products that have expired, if you will. 
 John Compton: Your point is well taken. Frito-Lay has consistently been working on ways to take time out the system and give back to our salespeople so they can be more effective in selling, and every other week code dating is a good example of that. 
 Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup:  You can't quantify it in terms of savings for me or us? 
 John Compton:  I wouldn't put a number on it, Bonnie, because what we want them to do is to use that time to sell more product. 
 Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup:  All right. Sounds good. Thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Good morning, everyone. In PBNA in the fourth quarter, we again follow a shift toward higher trade spending and lower A&M spending. Can you just talk about the rationale and also whether you are pleased with the impact that you saw on the volume as that happens? 
 John Compton:  On the PBNA side, as you know, it's a combination of the carbonated soft drink business, the water business, the chilled juice business. We are in multiple categories in which we compete, and we want to remain competitive and we certainly have been able to do that both on a full year basis and within the quarter we were able to hold and grow our total LRB share.  At any given time we balance the mix of how much push we put into the marketplace with pull that we put into the marketplace, and I think on the full year and both in the quarter, we were pleased with how that was worked through the system. I don't know, Dawn, if you wanted to comment on the PCNA business particularly, but overall we were happy with it. 
 Dawn Hudson:  I would just respond again, emphasizing that it is about marketplace investment which takes the form of trade support and A&M, and we use both in combination and flex different levels year to year to result in good growth for all of our brands. 
 John Compton:  Let's just remember last year that we had a big increase in A&M in Q4. What we are seeing here instead of a balancing back again of the two with slightly lower A&M and slightly higher trade spending, but more as a response to what we saw last year. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  Can you all hear me? 
Indra Nooyi:  Yes, good morning, Mark. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  Good morning. Indra, two questions. First, I wonder if you could share with us a little of the board's thinking in having you be Chairman and CEO imminently here which is a very well-established traditional PepsiCo, but, of course, we have seen some companies decide to split those roles and it seems like structurally you had that opportunity here but you chose not to do that.  Secondly, if you will answer a second question, just for either John or Dawn, can you give us a better sense of what the extra dollars are going for? What I mean by that, with this 4% increase that the bottlers are seeing in terms of concentrate and what sounds like they are describing at least as a net pressure item for them, that means you are getting a little more money. Can you give us a better sense of how those incremental dollars are flowing? 
Indra Nooyi:  Mark, let me just take the first question. I think it is better asked to our board as opposed to me. All I can say is I am delighted. I think though, you should talk to the chairman of the board committees that made that decision. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  But Indra, you were there. I was just kind of wondering 
Indra Nooyi:  No, when the decisions are made, it is made by the independent Board of Directors without my involvement. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  Did they explain their thinking at all? 
Indra Nooyi: No. Let me now toss it to Dawn to answer the second part of the question, Mark. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  Great, thank you. 
 Dawn Hudson:  Let me talk about the concentrate price increase and why we took a higher than average increase. First of all, our business has cost of goods in it, and we are experiencing higher than traditionally seen increases which we needed to cover. As well as, it is important for us to maintain the right level of investment against both short and long-term innovation and we felt that was appropriate number to ensure that we can keep driving the business on behalf of the system.  I would comment that while it is above average, it is not the highest concentrate price we have taken. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you very much. A two-part question on costs, if I could. Firstly, just to confirm the top ten basket of commodities I am assuming were in no particular order, but on that front within Frito-Lay, very strong profit growth of 8%. Can you talk about the reduction in A&M spend versus the high level a year ago versus perhaps the commodity or the input cost? Should we be looking at that as a two-year average there for Frito-Lay?  As a follow-up question on corporate expenses how much of the lowered expenses is costs being cut versus programs being delayed? 
Indra Nooyi:  Richard, do you want to talk about the top ten? 
 Richard Goodman:  On the top ten it was in no special order. I just did the ingredients and then the packaging and then the energy, but as I said, no single one of them is more than 10% of cost of goods sold. I'll switch to John on the Frito-Lay question, but on the corporate, it really is just making sure that we are just extremely efficient from a corporate standpoint. We are not cutting programs. We are just being very vigilant in how we operate. 
 John Compton: On the Frito-Lay question our A&M as a percent of sales has continued to stay the same year-over-year, 2006 compared to 2005. The business, as you know, did extremely well for the year and very strong on the quarter as those investments back into the brands have performed very well, particularly on the Doritos business which had struggled the first part of the year and was probably one of the key stars in the Frito-Lay business in the fourth quarter.  So I am extremely pleased with how Frito-Lay is performing. The innovation pipeline they have going into the first part of this year is very strong and we are optimistic about that business going forward. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you very much. 
 Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Lauren Torres with HSBC. 
 Lauren Torres - HSBC: At your October meeting, you spoke about greater spend behind expansion efforts this year. Now can you give us a sense of how we should think about this anticipated cap spend of $2.6 billion this year? Where you are directing that spend, and how much of it will be maintenance spend? 
 Richard Goodman: As we talked about in the October meeting, all of the increase in spending relates to expansion of capacity, either for innovation or simply for volume growth. The majority of that is where we are growing, primarily in PI. So a lot of the growth as you saw both on the top line and the bottom line over the last couple of years has been PI, and we expect that to continue on a go-forward basis.  The other part of that, the other big piece of the increase is in Gatorade because we are simply out of Gatorade capacity and the business continues to grow. 
 Lauren Torres - HSBC:  Maybe if I can just follow quickly to -- and maybe Mike could help out with expectations regarding PepsiCo International -- seeing several quarters of strong growth here. What are your expectations, where are the best opportunities for you and how we should think about the International business? 
 Michael White:  Thanks, Lauren. Nice to get a question on International. We are quite pleased with the performance that we had in the fourth quarter. As you know going into the quarter I felt that you would see an improvement, particularly in Sabritas, which we did, and overall finished, I think, a very strong year.  We don't provide guidance by division so I don't want to get into that level of specificity but it is consistent with what I've said before, both at the October analyst meeting and at the CAGNY meeting last year. There really is no change in terms of the algorithm for PI. In any portfolio as complex as our International portfolio, there are some businesses that are performing well and others that run into challenges every now and then and we have got a couple of businesses that have had fantastic fourth quarters and some challenges in a couple of markets; but net-net, the portfolio is working.  I think we have increased flexibility in the portfolio and balance, as I said at the October meeting. Overall, I still expect to see solid top line in both beverages and snacks, but the emerging markets continue to be the critical growth driver for us and I expect will be so this year, as well. 
 Lauren Torres - HSBC:  Thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  I must have gotten back into queue. Thank you for taking the question. I will just have a brief question on China. I am noticing a little bit of slower growth in beverages. I was wondering, Mike, if you can address if there is something structural going on there? 
 Michael White:  Thanks, Christine. On China, actually we did see a little bit of a slowdown primarily in and around Shanghai. In the balance of the country we continue to see very, very strong growth. We have some programming in place. I also think we have sharpened up our competitiveness as well in the balance of the latter part of the quarter and so I feel pretty good about going into this year.  We have got a very, very strong Chinese New Year initiative that will be broader than Pepsi last year. We did Chinese New Year just on Brand Pepsi. This year we have packaging and promotion around Pepsi, Mirinda and 7-UP. So I feel pretty good about our ability to lap what was an unbelievable first quarter last year for China. We have a tough lap.  The business is strong. I would say there has probably been some strength in non-carbs in Shanghai that we have seen. The other thing I will say is Gatorade is doing well in China, and we have also got some juice drinks and the soy product we'll be launching to build our non-carb presence there this year. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
 Operator:  Our next question is coming from John Faucher - JP Morgan. 
 John Faucher - JP Morgan: You talked a little bit about the COGS inflation outlook relative to '07 versus '06. Can you give us an outlook from a pricing standpoint? Should we expect pricing to be roughly similar?  In particular, the COGS outlook on Frito-Lay where you have seen a lot of pressure there. It sounds as though that is the one where you might get a nice delta in your favor year-over-year in terms of the rate of COGS inflation which could potentially help the gross margin. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Indra Nooyi:  John, let's go back. A couple of quarters ago we talked about pricing and we said we will take pricing in North America, in particular, if we believe the inflation is structural. As the year progressed in 2006, we realized that the orange juice cost increase was structural, some of the energy cost increase was structural, so the beginning Q4 2006 and going to 2007 we started to take some pricing. So the pricing actions, you are beginning to see the impact of pricing actions in Q1 and Q2 of this year. It's in Frito-Lay, it's definitely in Tropicana beginning Q4 2006 and you will start to seeing some pricing action in Gatorade also. Across the board there is pricing action to cover the inflation. Let me toss it over to Richard to talk more about this. 
 Richard Goodman: As I said in the prepared remarks, the level of inflation versus 2006 is really very similar and our response to that will be similar. If you exclude the Tropicana piece, then the rest of the inflation is sort of low single-digits. As Indra said we are responding appropriately with a balance of pricing, productivity and innovation in order to be able to drive appropriate revenue gains. 
 John Faucher - JP Morgan:  Great, thanks. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Alex Paterson - RPM. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM: Indra, I am curious, I presume your guidance for '07 should read with the new tax rate at least 10.5% growth? 
Indra Nooyi:  I think I was very clear in my guidance, the new tax rate is at least 10% growth. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM: The Frito-Lay North American margins, flattish again. Obviously, you've had a lot of headwinds to deal with on the cost of goods front, but I am wondering to what degree the revenue mix, the product portfolio is impacting the ability of that business to begin rate margin advance? 
 John Compton: I will go back and double-check the numbers. I thought the Frito-Lay margins in the quarter were -- 
Indra Nooyi:  Actually went up. 
 John Compton: Actually did go up. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM:  I am talking about the year-over-year, the multiyear trend? 
 John Compton:  Yes. As you know it is a high margin business to begin with, and we are focused on making sure we have a strong top line going forward, and the mix of new products that we bring in tend to be at the same margin level as our current portfolio. So, again, we are happy with the performance overall. 
Indra Nooyi:  Alex, the thing to also be careful about if we go back to 2005/2006, we made some major changes at Frito-Lay. The move to sunflower oil was a big change we made because we thought it was the right thing to do and we didn't pass through a lot of pricing with that, so there was an additional cost which didn't offset with pricing.  Now as the year has gone on and going into 2007, we have, as Richard just talked about, we have new products coming in with higher pricing. We have productivity programs kicking in covering some of the inflation, and we've got the overlapping effects from all of the cost increases we had in 2006.  So I think 2007, you are starting to see the benefits from all of that and you actually started seeing it in Q4 of 2006. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM: I guess the answer to my question is that the new products which tend to have a positive revenue mix don't necessarily generate a negative margin mix, sort of like what Gatorade does to PBNA? 
Indra Nooyi:  No. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM: I just want to be clear on that. It sounds like you were saying that the sunflower oil impact should start to lap itself maybe by the middle of the year? 
Indra Nooyi:  As the year progresses. It is already beginning and that's why you saw the 8% profit growth at Frito-Lay and we are feeling good about the Frito-Lay North America performance at this point. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM: Lastly there has been some talk about third-party warehouse distributors that are looking to increase their fee per case in the beverage area. Could you speak to how you see that playing out and your strategy? 
Indra Nooyi: Absolutely. John, would you like to address that? 
 John Compton:  Sure. We have multiple customers on the Gatorade business, as you know, that are part of our distributor network, and we don't want to get into specific negotiations or tactics that we have with any. Just rest assured that the Gatorade supply chain and go to market system is something we value, we consider it to be an advantage and we're going to work going forward to ensure we have that. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM:  So what does the prospect of an increased fee per case that is fairly substantial mean for the business? 
 John Compton:  I really don't want to get into those specific discussions other than to say we feel confident that the Gatorade go to market system will continue to be an advantage to us in the marketplace. 
 Richard Goodman:  We like you are obviously aware of the situation, and we have indicated what our guidance is for the year, reflecting that. 
Indra Nooyi:  Yes, Alex, in any year there is a series of puts and takes and our challenge and the reason you have this management team is we manage through all those puts and takes. This distribution cost increase is an issue we have to address. We will figure out how to offset it but our guidance factors all of that in. 
 Alex Paterson - RPM:  Fair enough. Thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Matthew Riley - Morningstar. 
 Matthew Riley - Morningstar:  Good morning. I will go ahead and ask a question I think you might have been alluding to earlier about Gatorade. With so much great innovation behind you and such strong volume growth, have we reached a point where a new phase of growth has been entered where volume expectations year-over-year should be tempered and flattened out? 
Indra Nooyi: Matt, that is a great question. Let me give you some top line comments and then toss it over to John.  The Gatorade business has been a phenomenal performer for PepsiCo since we acquired it. The first couple of years, two, three years after we acquired it, Gatorade growth rate was from the high single-digits to low double-digits.  2005, because of a series of events which included a very hot summer, a few hurricanes that caused people to stock up, the Gatorade volume went through the roof and we had growth rates in the 20%, 30%, and some of it carried over into 2006 because people expected that growth rate to continue in the first half, which it did; but then the second half, it moderated somewhat, so the growth rate for the full year was more in the low double-digits.  Going forward, our expectation is that the underlying growth rate for Gatorade is somewhere between the high single-digits and the low double-digits. That is what that Gatorade business is all about. The 2005 blip, you know we liked that blip, but that's not really a sustainable growth rate for the Gatorade business. So that's my take on the top line growth.  Is it structurally different? No, I think the 2005 growth rate was structurally different. This business is being sized for high single-digit, low double-digit growth. With that let me turn it to John. Do you want to add anything? 
 John Compton:  No, I completely agree with that. I come back to watching the scan volume takeaway on this business and it consistently has remained strong even in the fourth quarter of 2006. We scanned out the front door in the measured channels right around 5% lapping 23% scanned growth from the previous year. So on any basis on a two-year look, on our shipments and on a two-year look on scanned volume, we continue to see good strong growth.  I agree with Indra, 2005 was nice to have, but we don't long-term ever build into our business expectation that this business was going to be 20% plus going forward. 
 Matthew Riley - Morningstar:  Great, thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Bryan Spillane - Banc of America. 
 Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities:  Hey, good morning. Just a couple of questions, follow-up on inflation. Thinking more beyond 2007, if you can talk a little bit about first, productivity. I think my impression coming out of Analyst Day was that productivity in 2007 may be a little bit less of a contributor to the offset of inflation than it was in '06, or has been the last few years and the prospects for that improving '08 and beyond.  Second, in terms of cooking oil, there's seemingly more competition for that relative to fuel, bio diesel, that sort of thing. So what contingency have you made, or have you made one yet for the prospects that maybe you start competing with the energy industry for raw material inputs, especially on cooking oil? 
 Richard Goodman:  Bryan, on the productivity side, we have exactly the same amount of productivity in 2007 that we had in 2006. Those were productivity efforts have been stimulated in part by the increased inflation, and we have programs both domestically and internationally to do that.  You saw in 2006, the manufacturing efficiencies in Frito-Lay gained almost a percentage point, and that was as high as it has been over the last couple of years and we have plans in place to make sure that continues, and it is the same thing internationally. Our businesses are always going after productivity and we have both CapEx for productivity as well as supply chain and other initiatives to make that happen. So there is no diminishment there at all. 
 Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities:  In that pipeline your outlook in terms of continuing productivity beyond this year is still pretty good? 
 Richard Goodman:  Yes, it is a continuing part of our business. It is the way we are able to deliver value to the customer and make sure our cost structures are phenomenally competitive. So it is a very, very key part of where we are, and it really is what we need to do to balance out the entire equation.  On cooking oil, obviously, everybody has been taken aback by the huge increase in the ethanol usage of corn and we are sensitive to that. That has raised prices in anybody who is using corn. We are making sure that we have adequate supplies both for 2007 and on a go-forward basis and we are working actively with all of our suppliers in order to make sure that is the case, both to guarantee supply and to make sure that the pricing of that is appropriate. 
 Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities:  Is that the case also with things sunflower oil, soybean oil? I am thinking more in terms of bio diesel. 
Indra Nooyi:  The answer is yes, Bryan. 
 Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Carlos Laboy - Bear Stearns. 
 Carlos Laboy - Bear Stearns:  Good morning. Indra, do some of these 50/50 JVs that are being set up by your competitor for non-carbs outside the U.S. cause you to rethink your non-carb business model options at PI, or the opportunity for maybe participating differently in juices throughout emerging markets? 
 Michael White: Not really. We see non-carbs as a significant opportunity, and we will look at arrangements with our bottlers as we have, for instance, in Russia, as well as whether a wholly-owned U.S. Tropicana-type strategy makes sense. I think a lot of it depends on the business model and whether it is chilled or not chilled.  You know we look at the entire range and I think one of our advantages is we are comfortable playing any which way. If it makes sense to do a joint venture as we have, for instance, with Unilever on Lipton -- which by the way had a fantastic year in International last year -- we'll do it.  I think it is situation-specific Carlos. We will look at each market and we do look at each market and I do think that, as I said in October, you will see us continue to be more aggressive in our non-carb rollout internationally.  We had a very good year in International on non-carbs. Gatorade was up 20, Tropicana up 20ish. Very strong in the U.K. and France, in particular, and we continue as part of our innovation plans to have a very, very big emphasis on non-carbs.  We have had a range of strategies. In some parts of the world it makes sense for us to own the manufacturing and leverage the bottlers' distribution. In other business models it may make sense to go 100% as an operating business and in other cases it may be a franchise relationship.  We look at all of those alternatives and are quite comfortable and I think it is one of our advantages, frankly. 
 Carlos Laboy - Bear Stearns:  Thanks, Mike. 
 Operator: Our next question is coming from Ravi Pamnani - GE Asset Management. 
 Ravi Pamnani - GE Asset Management:  I just wanted to know why you are not going to be more aggressive on share buybacks given your excellent balance sheet and, obviously, the cash flow looks wonderful. Thanks. 
Indra Nooyi:  Let me toss that over to my CFO. Go ahead. 
 Richard Goodman:  As you saw, we are increasing the share buybacks from $3 billion in 2006 to a targeted $3.3 billion in 2007. As we have discussed, we feel very comfortable with the capital structure that we have which provides us and our bottlers with the flexibility that we need going forward to do acquisitions or to look at multiple small acquisitions at any given time.  I think also as we discussed, everybody needs to recognize that as the rating agencies and others look at us, they look at us as a combined basis with our bottlers. While we have a pretty clean balance sheet, the combination including the debt from the bottlers makes that a little bit different. 
 Ravi Pamnani - GE Asset Management: I am just curious in terms of would you be able, for example, if you bought back double the amount of stock that you are saying you are going to buy next year. Let's say instead of $3 billion it was $6 billion. Would that really affect, the ratings? You guys could still do bolt-on deals and I can't imagine given your financial position that would be something that would be of that much concern to you.  I am not saying do a leveraged recapitalization, I am saying I don't understand why the buyback can't be potentially double what it is today without affecting any of these issues that you've talked about? Thank you. 
Indra Nooyi:  Ravi, your comments are taken into consideration. 
 Ravi Pamnani - GE Asset Management: Thank you, Indra. Bye-bye. 
Indra Nooyi:  Bye-bye. 
 Operator:  Thank you. Our final question is coming from Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks again. The Gatorade business, looking out and looking particularly at that ROA outlook, I know there are understandably limits to what you are going to tell us here, but I wonder if, whether it is Richard or John -- I don't know if Chuck is on the line -- if you can paint a picture for us about how that metric trends over the next few years given the capacity expansion? I am going to suspect that it continues to grow it's just that the rate of growth is slower than what we've seen over the last few years. Or, does it dip down and start to recover two years from now? I'm just trying to understand how these expansions are affecting the ROA trend for the business over the next few years. 
Indra Nooyi:  Mark, the key thing is PepsiCo, we focus on the portfolio that we have and the return on invested capital across the company. At any point in time, based on investments we make in certain businesses, the ROA may see a dip and come back. That is why the portfolio seems to work very well because as a company the ROIC has improved very, very nicely over the years. I think in 2006 the ROIC is north of 26%.  We feel very, very good about where the company's return on invested capital is and I think year over year, or over a two-year basis you might see investments in certain businesses impacting the ROIC. I think that is to be expected. But overall I'd say the long-term prospects for Gatorade look very good. 
 Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thank you, Indra. 
Indra Nooyi:  Since there are no more questions, let me just say a big thank you to all of you for your time and attention today. We appreciate your interest in PepsiCo and look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.
