===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. The lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections contained in the company’s most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations of non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2025 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO; and other members of our management team. We had a fantastic first quarter. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 14% growth in revenue, 9% organic growth, reported net earnings margin of 23%, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 41.1%, up 338 basis points year-over-year, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 26%, our 20th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, GAAP earnings per share of $3.29 and adjusted earnings per share of $4.16. Another excellent quarter by the team. Moving to results on a segment basis, starting with the Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 16%. Organic growth was 9.5%, which included about 1 point of favorable timing. Even without the timing impact, all-in organic was right in line with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 359 basis points to 43.4%, with underlying margins up a full percentage point. Doug will unpack this in his comments. Let me provide you with some insights behind our Brokerage segment organic. Within our retail P/C operations, we delivered 5% organic overall. U.S. organic was north of 5%, while our international operations, primarily in the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, were closer to 4%. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of more than 7%. Shifting to our reinsurance, wholesale and specialty businesses, in total, organic of 13%. This includes 20% organic from Gallagher Re and 8% organic from our wholesale and specialty businesses. So we continue to report strong growth across retail P/C, wholesale, reinsurance and benefits. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the P/C insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Overall, the global P/C insurance market continues to behave rationally with carriers looking to grow in lines and geographies where there’s an acceptable return, and seeking rate increases where it’s needed to generate an appropriate underwriting profit. Breaking down first quarter global renewal premium changes by product line, we saw the following: property down 2%, D&O down 3%, workers’ comp up 5%, personal lines up 8%, casualty lines up 8% overall, including general liability up 5%, commercial auto up 6% and umbrella up 11%. Breaking down renewal premiums by client size, we continue to see a divergence between small to midsize accounts and large accounts. For small to midsize accounts, which we define as accounts generating less than $100,000 of revenue, renewal premiums were up 5%. For large accounts, our clients generating more than $100,000 of revenue, renewal premiums were up 1%. All that said, pricing is ultimately driven by client loss experience. Good accounts are getting some premium relief in certain lines. However, accounts with poor experience are seeing greater increases. Having a trusted adviser like Gallagher can help businesses navigate a complex insurance and economic backdrop by finding the best coverage for our clients while mitigating price increases, today’s environment is the ideal market for us to show our expertise, product knowledge and our data-driven capabilities. Let me move to the reinsurance market. First quarter dynamics, which is mostly influenced by January 1 renewals, reflected an environment that generally favored reinsurance buyers. Overall, reinsurers were able to meet increased client demand with sufficient capacity while remaining disciplined on terms. The Gallagher Re team shined with excellent retention and some fantastic new business wins. April renewals experienced similar trading conditions as earlier in the year, and as expected, saw a bit more downward pricing pressure. The January wildfire losses and continued casualty reserve increases remain a focus for the industry. But neither caused much upward movement in pricing given the large proportion of Japanese buyers in April. With that said, U.S. severe convective storm season is here, which then leads us to U.S. wind season. Time will tell how the year plays out. Regardless, Gallagher Re should continue to excel in this environment. Moving to some comments on our customers’ business activity. During the first quarter, our daily revenue indications from audits, endorsements and cancellations continued to be a net positive. While the upward revenue adjustments are not quite as high as last year, we continue to see solid client business activity and no signs of a meaningful global economic slowdown. Our daily revenue indications through the end of April are not showing any significant changes in our customers’ business activity from the prospect of tariffs. Our daily indications have historically given us some early insights into our clients’ business activity, so we will continue to watch these very carefully. We are also closely watching the U.S. labor market. And there continues to be a strong demand for new workers. The number of open jobs in the U.S. stood at more than 7 million, still at a level that is well above the number of unemployed people looking for work. We’ve also seen recent health insurance carry results show continued increases in the utilization and cost of health care. With these two trends as the backdrop, we are seeing more and more employers looking for ways to grow their workforce and control their benefit costs. Our experts can provide creative solutions to solve these challenges. Regardless of market and economic conditions, I believe we are well positioned to compete and to win. From our niche expertise, outstanding service or extensive data and analytics offerings, we have the resources and know-how to service any account of any size, of any complexity anywhere around the globe. So with a fantastic first quarter behind us, we continue to see full year 2025 Brokerage segment organic in the 6% to 8% range. Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. First quarter revenue growth was 6%, including organic of about 4%. We continue to see excellent client retention and strong new business production. However, sold new business within the Risk Management segment typically takes longer to materialize into revenue. As these new client contracts incept and begin to generate revenue in the coming months, we are confident we will see stronger revenue growth in the second half of the year. Adjusted EBITDAC margin was 20.5%, in line with our March expectations. Looking ahead, we still see full year 2025 organic in that 6% to 8% range and margins around 20.5%. Shifting to mergers and acquisitions. During the first quarter, we completed 11 new tuck-in mergers, representing around $100 million of estimated annualized revenue. We also announced the acquisition of Woodruff Sawyer during the quarter and completed that in early April. That means through today, we already are at $400 million of acquired revenue. For those new partners joining us, I’d like to extend a very warm welcome to the Gallagher family of professionals. As for the pending AssuredPartners acquisition, not much to update relative to our March IR Day comments, we are working to respond to the second request. And we still expect to close in the second half of 2025. Looking at our pipeline, we have more than 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing north of $450 million of annualized revenue. Good firms always have a choice, and it would be terrific if they chose to partner with Gallagher. I’ll conclude with some comments about our bedrock Gallagher culture. During our Global Sales Award meeting in early March, our unique Gallagher culture was on full display. It was inspiring to watch the interactions among thousands of our colleagues across geographies, business units and product lines. I came away even more convinced that our greatest asset is our people and our biggest differentiator is our culture. And that is the Gallagher way. Okay. I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today I’ll walk you through our earnings release, starting with some comments on first quarter organic growth and margins by segment, including how we are seeing these shape up for the full year 2025. Next, I’ll move to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our IR website and walk you through our typical modeling helpers. And then I’ll conclude my prepared remarks with my usual comments on cash, M&A and capital management. Okay. Let’s flip to Page 2 of the earnings release. Headline, Brokerage segment organic growth of 9.5% was a great quarter and it helps our – and it helps bolster our view that full year organic will be in that 6% to 8% range. And that range is in line with what we’ve been saying all year. As Pat mentioned, first quarter did have some favorable timing of about 1 point. So looking forward, we see some favorable timing again in the second quarter, but not to the same magnitude. And then all of the first half timing will reverse itself in the third and fourth quarters with no impact on full year 2025. So as we look through to the rest of the year, second quarter might be more like 6% to 7%. Then we will see the timing slip in the third and fourth quarters might mean third and fourth quarter organic of about 5% each. Causes a low noise across the quarters, but with a 9.5% first quarter, the math gets us back to a full year 2025 organic in that 6% to 8% range. That would be a terrific year. So flipping now to Page 4 of the earnings release, to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. First quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was 43.4%, up 359 basis points year-over-year and above our March IR Day expectations. So let me walk you through a bridge from last year as we typically do. First, if we pull out last year’s 2024 first quarter earnings release, you would see we reported back then adjusted EBITDAC margin of 39.9%. But now I’m using current period FX rates that would have been 39.8%. Then organic growth of 9.5% gave us about 120 basis points of expansion this quarter. The roll-in impact of M&A and lower interest rates each used about 10 basis points of margin this quarter. Finally, as the footnote at the bottom of that table notes, the impact of interest income from the cash that we’re holding for the AssuredPartners acquisition adds us about 260 basis points of margin this quarter. Follow that bridge and it will get you to first quarter 2025 margin of 43.4%. That is really, really great work by the team. As for second quarter headline margin expansion, it’s still looking like we will be pushing around 300 basis points, again, driven by strong underlying margin expansion of approximately 60 to 80 basis points assuming organic in that 6% to 7% range and also interest income related to the cash we’re holding for AP plus a small offset by the roll-in of M&A and lower interest rates. Looking out towards the third quarter, we would still expect underlying margin expansion, and then we’ll also have the impact of investment income on the funds we’re holding for AP. So in total, think – we’re thinking expansion could be 250 to 280 basis points. This, of course, would change if we get AP closed before September 30. As for fourth quarter, we would hope we’d have AP closed, so we would have underlying margin expansion still, but lose the extra investment income, yet have AP’s fourth quarter results in our books. The punch line here is there’s nothing we’re seeing that causes us to change how we view underlying margin expansion potential. We believe at organic greater than 4%, we should see some underlying margin expansion. At 6% organic, maybe 60 basis points of expansion and at 8% organic, perhaps around 100 basis points of expansion. So again, there’s no new news here. We still believe we are positioned to expand underlying full year margins by about 60 to 100 basis points. Sticking on Page 4. Risk Management segment organic was 3.9%. That’s a bit below our 5% expectation due to lower new business revenue. As Pat mentioned, we expect this to improve in the second half of the year as we have already sold new contracts, but these have yet to start generating revenue. So we see organic moving back towards 6% to 8% throughout the year. Adjusted EBITDAC margin of 20.5% was in line with our March IR Day expectations. And looking forward, we still see full year margins again around 20.5%. Turning now to Page 6 of the earnings release and the Corporate segment shortcut table. For the adjusted interest in banking, clean energy and acquisition lines, all were very close to our March IR Day expectations. The corporate line was better than our March expectations due to some expense timing, a few favorable tax items, including the tax benefit from stock-based compensation, somewhat offset by an unrealized FX remeasurement loss. So now let’s move from the earnings release to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website. First, as an overall statement, please read the headers and footnotes carefully on how these numbers in this document include or exclude the impact of AssuredPartners. That said, let’s flip to Page 3 and our modeling helpers across the board. First quarter 2025 actual numbers were fairly close to what we provided back in March. One thing to call out in our 2025 outlook are changes from FX for both the Brokerage and Risk Management segments. With the dollar weakening since mid-March, we have provided updated estimates for revenue and EPS impacts for the remainder of the year. Just take a look at the disclosures and refine your models. Turning now to Page 4 and the Corporate segment outlook for 2025. Within the corporate line of the Corporate segment, like I mentioned earlier, we had some favorable expense timing in the first quarter. So you’ll see some of that comes back over the rest of the year. We’ve increased after-tax expense by about $1 million per quarter for the remainder of 2025. However, the rest of our outlook for the Corporate segment is unchanged from six weeks ago. Flipping to Page 5 to our tax credit carryovers. A reminder – this is a reminder page, as of March 31, we have about $710 million of tax credits. We continue to expect additional cash flow of more than $180 million this year and even more in 2026 and later years. And don’t forget, this benefit will show up in our cash flow statement rather than our P&L. So it’s still a nice sweetener to fund a future M&A. Turning now to Page 6, the investment income table. We’ve updated our forecast to reflect current FX rates and changes in fiduciary cash balances. And you’ll see here that we’re still assuming two 25 basis point rate cuts during 2025. You’ll also see that we provided a separate line to show our estimates of interest income associated with the funds that we’re holding to pay for AssuredPartners. Shifting down on that page of the rollover revenue table. First quarter 2025 column subtotal is around $80 million and $92 million before divestitures. These numbers are consistent with our March IR Day expectations. Looking forward, the pinkish columns to the right include estimated revenues for brokerage M&A closed through yesterday. And just a reminder, you’ll make a pick – that you’ll need to make a pick for future M&A. Then below that table, we have a separate section for AssuredPartners. We show you what we expect for monthly pro forma revenues in purple. And then finally, continuing down on the page, you’ll see the Risk Management segment rollover revenues too. So moving to cash, capital management and M&A funding. We had no outstanding borrowings on our line of credit at March 31. And you might have seen that in early April, we amended our credit agreement. We extended the maturity date to April of 2030 and also increased our borrowing capacity from $1.7 billion to $2.5 billion. Our current cash position, potential borrowing capacity and strong expected free cash flow position us well for our pipeline of M&A opportunities. So even after the $13.5 billion for Assured paying for Woodruff and paying for the Willis Re earn-out, and after the other 11 deals we’ve already done through Q1, we still have over $2 billion of M&A capacity here in 2025 and another $5 billion of capacity in 2026 before using any stock. So our M&A strategy has a tremendous runway. So another excellent quarter in the books. As we look ahead, we see strong organic growth, a terrific M&A pipeline. We continue to see opportunities to improve our productivity and quality. And as Pat said, we have a winning culture. So it looks like we’re well on track for another great year. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Doug. Operator, I think we’re ready to go to questions-and-answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question, I wanted to start with the pretty impressive 20% growth that you guys saw in reinsurance. Can you just try to break that down between what’s coming from pricing, retention, new demand? And then if you could give us a sense like if it’s new-new or if it’s business that you’re taking from peers? Because it’s a pretty strong number.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, thanks, Elyse. And let me try to break down some of the 20% organic. First, the reinsurance folks, they’re just on fire. They had a great quarter and a lot of it came with the January 1 renewals. So let me break down three pieces. Our new business spread was responsible for more than half the organic this quarter. In fact, we had about 15 new client wins with more than $1 million each. These are big chunky deals. This is not similar to what we do on the retail side. Increased renewal premiums from carrier growth was another 5% or so, inflation, people buying more cover, as you see some rates come down, people have some room for additional cover, et cetera. And the remainder was some favorable timing. We have now better insights into it. And as I noted, it will reverse itself in the latter half of the year. But let me be clear, we said from the very beginning that we thought this was a group of folks that when working with our overall company when we integrated them into working with retail and our wholesale and specialty people, that it would be a good match. And that’s what we’re seeing. These guys and gals are just doing a tremendous job, and the new business was outstanding. Congratulations to them.
Elyse Greenspan: That’s great. And then my second question, so it sounds like you guys are still working, I guess, not a lot to update, as you said, like working on a response to the DOJ. So is that something, I guess, you guys would expect to respond? I think there’s like a 30-day clock once that happens. Is that something that, based on the timeline of a Q4 close, Doug, is that – would you expect to just respond to comments, I guess, that would be something that would happen in the Q2? Is that your expectation?
Doug Howell: All right. We’re obviously putting together all the information that’s been requested. And we’re working hard on it both on our side and then the AP team is doing the same thing. We’ll get that over to them sometime in mid-third quarter. And then it does start a clock tick, you may have the right to ask some questions. But there is a process here. First, getting that over, certifying to it and then they’ll have 30 days to get back to us on that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then I just – you mentioned that there was, I guess, some timing that impacted on the first quarter, some kind of – was it a pull forward from other quarters? I think it was 1% and then there was also going to be an impact in Q2.
Doug Howell: Yes. All right. So let’s go through that a little bit because I think it’s a good question. First, it doesn’t do anything to full year. Second, we’re just getting some better insights into the development of revenues. We’ve implemented our new reinsurance system last fall. So that’s up and running. We’ve got a new benefit system. So those systems help us look into the treaties and then to the expected headcount in our benefits business. So while the timing this quarter was mostly in reinsurance, let’s call that about two thirds, and the other one third is across our benefits business and a little bit in the specialty business. But without this timing, the first quarter for reinsurance was still in the upper teens, and it impacted specialty and benefits each about a point. But we’re going to have a little bit of that again in the second quarter, but to a lesser magnitude. And then again, the timing will reverse itself compared to last year in the third and fourth quarters. So no impact for full year organic. And we would say that this is the result of just putting in new systems and be able to make better estimates earlier on in the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Hi, Greg.
Greg Peters: Hi. So Pat, in your comments, I think it was – yes, Pat, it was you, that talked about the bifurcation of renewal pricing in the small to mid accounts, which was you defined as less than $100,000, and then the mid to large account. Just wondering if you could provide some more color, because the commentary we’re hearing in the marketplace around that seems to suggest that the larger account business might be under a little bit more rate pressure, specifically in the property areas.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, that’s exactly what I said, Greg. I mean, I think we’re seeing in the large account area, and it’s the typical economics. You’ve got a bigger account, you got more swag, right? You can get a better deal. Especially if you’ve got good results. And these larger accounts are better managed from a risk management standpoint, and they’re seeing the results of that. Our people are clearly helping with that. You get down into the smaller accounts, all the way down to your personal lines, you don’t have the negotiating power. And at the same time, they don’t have the great results. So it’s a fluid market, but it makes sense to me that, if you’re bigger, you get a little bit better deal than if you’re smaller.
Doug Howell: Yes, it’s pretty linear too, Greg. If you look at, let’s say, over 100, we said it’s up a point or so or something like that. But when you go to like $25,000 to $100,000, maybe it’s 3.5%, 4%, you get a little lower than that $10,000 to $25,000 account, maybe you’re getting in the mid-4s. And then when you get less than $10,000 as that account size, now this is for premiums, you’re seeing it being up in the mid-5s. So it’s consistent even within that under $100,000 million, that the smaller it gets, the higher the rate increases. We saw that not going up as fast on the other side too, when rates were going up. So I don’t know if it’s as much they’re just a reversion to the mean, also that the smaller accounts are catching up.
Greg Peters: That makes sense. For my second question, my follow-up question, I’m going to pivot back to the pending acquisition of AssuredPartners. This has been – you’ve obviously been working very closely with them for the last several months now and trying to get this to the finish line. And I know you were pretty forthcoming with details about how you expected margin improvement to materialize and retention and organic revenue growth to develop. And I’m just curious, now that we’re here in May, if you have a different perspective or if there’s any different changes you have on the views on the opportunity with AssuredPartners for all of the areas I mentioned.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, thank you for the question, Greg. But I’ll tell you, it’s actually gotten stronger. I mean we did our Board meeting this week, and that was, of course, one of the key questions. Their turnover is actually better than ours, not by a lot, by maybe 0.5 point to a point. So they’re staying very consistent with what they’ve had in the past. And that’s after bonuses have been paid, so we’re not seeing an uptick. I said, when we did the deal, I didn’t expect any breakage. We’ve seen a producer here or there depart, but that’s common business across all of our platforms. In terms of the people, we’ve had to be careful given the request for another bit of information, but there are certain work streams that have been allowed to continue. And I’ll tell you what, just every single day, our people are more affirmed than the fact that they’re dealing with folks that they really like. They understand the business. They love the business. And they can’t wait to get the two organizations together. There’s no waffling, there’s no momma crying. It’s people that just want to go out and sell a lot of insurance. And we’re very, very – more excited than we were in January.
Greg Peters: Got it. Just a detail question on that. Is the organic profile at Assured based on what you’ve seen just similar to what you’re seeing inside your retail business?
Doug Howell: Yes.
Greg Peters: Perfect.
Doug Howell: Yes. I mean they account for 606 [ph] differently, but let’s just say it is. You can throw a hat over them.
Greg Peters: Perfect. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks. Good evening. Doug, the – or I think Pat might pull this too, the one point of timing benefit in Brokerage organic, is that in addition to the $26 million reversal on Page 6 of the CFO commentary, which I’ll admit is kind of over my head, in terms of its explanation?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think you’re calling out the fact last year – and we highlighted it last year, there was a gross up of revenues and a gross up of expenses as we implemented our conforming accounting policies on some historical acquisitions that caused the gross up. So we didn’t take credit for the $26 million as revenue last year and so we shouldn’t be measured by that again this year. So it’s just if you gross up the revenues, you gross up the comp on the revenues and a lot of those revenues triggered some extra earn-outs on it, it all washed to nothing. And we did talk about it last year, but it kind of sticks out a little bit more now, you can see that we repeated the note about that, on Page 6, I think it’s in the third footnote – or second or third footnote there. So it’s – we’re levelizing for a change in purchase accounting, which I think is 100% appropriate.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. I’ll make sure to go through that. Switching gears a bit, a question on also Brokerage organic. The RPC stat that you began giving out in recent years, which is helpful, I think it was 4% this past quarter. And organic, obviously tremendous, five-plus points above that. But if we look kind of going back a few years that you disclosed RPC – it’s much – the gap between organic and RPC is much narrower. Curious, should the gap stay wider than historical kind of implied by your guidance? And maybe part of the reason is reinsurance isn’t included in RPC. But any – am I asking a question you think is fair?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It’s a fair question, Mike, but here are a couple of things. We were a different company than we were then. And number one, we’ve got many more large accounts. Our large account penetration continues to grow every month, and a lot of that business is on fees. Then also, when you take a look at the business and how we’re selling it, I think that we’re better sellers today. We’ve got tools that are just unbelievable in terms of helping our producers get out and drive new business, whether it be what we call Gallagher Win [ph], which is sales force, and then you’ve got the data analytics and Gallagher Drive, which I think most of you have seen these tools, we presented them to you. And they’re maturing now. They’re in the hands of solid producers that have got – any time the market is in flux. That’s great news for our producers up and down. And frankly, right now, it’s a great time and it’s a great message for our client base and our prospect base work with Gallagher. And we think we’ve got an opportunity to really do a great job on your pricing as well as your coverage and your terms. So we’re a different company, better opportunities, more fee business, larger platform, stronger players.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That makes sense. If I could just sneak one last one, a follow-up in. You said that you’ll respond to the, I guess, government about the Assured data request in a number of months. Any color on why this data request would take such a long time to...
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I’ll give you one bit of color, Mike. We’re not talking a lot about this. That’s intentional. It’s a lot of data from both parties.
Mike Zaremski: Appreciate it, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Hey, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Pat, if I heard you properly, you said the workers’ comp up 5% versus I think it was up 1% last quarter. Is there something going on there or?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Not really. I mean, we did actually plum for that among our Gallagher Bassett’s biggest line of covers, of course, is comp. We were asking ourselves, is there any systemic change there? We don’t see it most of comp is fee scheduled stuff. So I think it’s underlying comp costs are up with medical. But I also do think it’s a better economy than I think people are writing about. Our daily check-in on the economy is that our middle market accounts, in particular, are pretty robust.
Doug Howell: Yes. We’re still seeing good employment growth in those folks. We are – I think there is starting to be more chatter around medical inflation. So there could be some proactiveness there by the carriers on that in order to make sure they stay ahead of it. So it’s not a huge portion of our book really, but it is an interesting uptick that is – remember, that’s both rate and exposure. So it’s moving north and our educated guess is more exposure and higher medical inflation.
Mark Hughes: And then on the property market, Pat, what’s your sense of how this thing plays out? Obviously, it’s sensitive to cat losses. So a lot of it depends. But in your experience where you’ve had kind of a run-up and then you start to see it turn back a little bit, how is this going to work over the next few quarters, couple of years?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, again, Mark, let me go back in my history, which is a long one now. The property markets, I would define it as fragile, right? When you’re minting money, it’s a great place to be. And of course, you’re going to give customers back some of the money you’ve made. But boy, the bill comes hard when it comes, and it’s not gradual. And so it just seems that we’re all concerned. In fact, you might recall a year ago or so, we surveyed over 1,000 of our customers, middle market customers, their number one concern was weather-related, climate change. And I think we all see it. We never had tornadoes in the fall. These convective storms have got every scratching their head. The prediction for the hurricane season is more storms than normal. Last year, there was that prediction as well, and it wasn’t as severe. But I’ll tell you, whoever saw California wildfire is coming, you combine those with some storms, both in California and around the world – well, the thing about property is it can change on a dime. Now we certainly hope that doesn’t happen because our customers have been shocked. You know how I feel about hard markets. I’d much rather have a market that’s pretty stable, lets us show our tools, help us contain the cost for our clients. It’s hard to explain to people why rates are jumping. You can do it in property because you can show them the losses. But I think you’re right to ask the question. It’s all well and good now. I think customers deserve a bit of a decrease. Carriers are on a little bit of an edge, if you will. They know they’ve got to give some money back. The market is competitive, but if the wind blows, the story could change very quickly.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Well, everything – it’s definitely crazy out there with the Cubs [ph] in first place. I’m with you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, Mark. That’s the new normal.
Mark Hughes: Okay. All right. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We waited 100 years. Some people have a bad decade. We had a bad century. We’re back for good.
Mark Hughes: All right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
David Motemaden: Hey, good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Hey, David.
David Motemaden: My question, I missed it, just on the RPC for this quarter. I think you had said it was 5% last quarter. It was trending around 4% in the first two months of the quarter, this 1Q. Where did that end up for 1Q? And within your outlook, what are you guys assuming for the rest of the year?
Doug Howell: So let me see if I can break that apart. What’s your question? You want to know what the renewal premium change was in the first quarter and what our outlook is for the rest of the year? Is that the question?
David Motemaden: Yes. What’s embedded in the outlook that you gave – the organic cadence that you gave?
Doug Howell: Basically about the same. We don’t see a further – property down 2%, call it flat. The casualty rates, we’ve had a lot of quarters on casualty rates as I look across the grid here, consistently in that 8% – 7%, 8%, 10%, 9%, 9%, 9%, 10% as I look at casualty rates coming across. So I think there’s still some concerns over casualty on that. So our outlook as we shape our organic for the rest of the year is assuming similar to what we saw right now, or this quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: David, back to Mark’s comments before about a long time to look back. In my past experience, when markets became a little squishy, you’d see them fall quite dramatically across all lines. That is not what we’re seeing today. Umbrella cover up this past quarter 11%. Continuing push up of casualty. A little bit down on property. As we said in our opening remarks, this is a pretty logical market. So I don’t think you’re going to see any major change. And if we do, we’ll give it to you at our IR Day updates.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thank you. And then I guess I’m also wondering that difference between the middle market and large account. I guess I’m wondering just I know that there’s typically, the large account business is more cyclical and you guys are underweight that. But outside of that, when you look at your middle-market property book and small market property book, would you say that’s more SCS exposed and, therefore, the pricing might be a little bit more durable there? Or is that just – is that not the right way to think about it?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I don’t like to think about it that way. And I’ll tell you why. Convective storms are – they seem to be localized in the Midwest. You got fire risk in lots of states I never thought of before, like New Jersey. But I don’t think that’s necessarily something you’d say is more akin to hurting those accounts, although you have to say there are a heck of a lot more small accounts than there are large accounts. There was 1,000 Fortune 1000 accounts. There’s 1,000 small accounts in Schaumburg. So I guess, in one sense, I’d argue, no, I don’t think those storms fall necessarily harder on one book of business than another, except by virtue of the fact that the numbers are just greater. I think it’s buying power. That’s what I’d say, David. It’s just real simple. If I get an account that’s going to pay me $100,000 or an account that’s going to pay me $100 million, who gets a better deal? $100 million.
David Motemaden: Yes. No, that makes sense. And then lastly so I might be nitpicking here, but I think you guys have called out 5% organic in U.S. retail and it sounds like that was maybe a little bit lighter than what you guys were talking about in March. I think you guys were saying 6%. Was there anything behind that outside of just the general RPC trends that we spoke about?
Doug Howell: Listen, I think that when you get down to a point one way or another on the organic, I would say they’re almost the same number. There could be a mix difference in there. When something moves a point, I’ll be honest, we don’t dig into it as deeply if something moves five points. So the point is consider it mix, but still, the point is on this is it’s still going up. And if you look across everything that we’ve said is we still have a market that is arguably flat in a couple of spots and going up in a lot of spots, right? So I think that the fact is there still is a need for rate. The carriers see that, you’ve seen that in the releases that they’ve had. And so I think that you blend all that together, we’re selling more than we’re losing, and we feel pretty good about a 6% to 8% year, that would be a terrific five- or six-year run on that.
David Motemaden: No, I definitely agree. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Katie Sakys with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Katie Sakys: Hi, thank you. I guess my first question, I wanted to go back to Doug’s comments on the cadence of Brokerage organic growth that you expect to see for 2Q, 3Q and 4Q? Back-of-the-envelope math, I’m kind of getting to the midpoint of the 6% to 8% full year guide. Which of those quarters, Doug, do you kind of see the most potential to upside versus your current estimates right now? And how does seasonality perhaps inform that view?
Doug Howell: I think the upside could come in the fourth quarter. I think if we have a storm season, and like Pat said, the property shifts, I also still believe that there’s going to be development issues, as you get into your third quarter actuarial reserves as they start to do their third quarter views of how they feel their development is. When it goes from a – into a paid loss triangle versus an incurred loss triangle, you kind of wake up to that when you do your actuarial reviews in the third quarter. So fourth quarter is probably the quarter where there’s the most upside.
Katie Sakys: Great. Super helpful. And then I apologize if this next question is a little bit nitpicky, but I noticed in the CFO commentary that the average EBITDAC multiple that you guys paid for your tuck-ins this quarter was slightly elevated at 11.5x versus the 10x to 11x guide. Is that just a result of some noise from one-off transactions? Or is there any additional color that we should be aware of there?
Doug Howell: If I peel apart the 11 that we closed in the quarter, I don’t see anybody really off the map on that. So being 10x to 11x is still pretty close, so.
Katie Sakys: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Katie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Andrew Andersen with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Andersen: Hey, good afternoon. The supplemental commissions within Brokerage were pretty strong. Was there any timing benefit there? And just maybe more broadly, could you talk about how you’re thinking about that those line items, the contingents and supplementals?
Doug Howell: All right. So supplementals in the first quarter. We’ve had some pretty good work as we start to negotiate contracts for the coming year. I think the team has done a good job of getting more carrier relationships under our supplemental. So I wouldn’t say that there’s anything systemic there. Maybe there’s a couple of million flip between contingent and supplemental, but that carriers switch back and forth between those.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: They’re still, by and large, volume-based. Volumes up, things are good.
Andrew Andersen: Got it. And then just within specialty, could you maybe talk about the growth difference between open brokerage and MGA? And I suppose where I’m going with this is, I’m not sure if the MGAs are kind of weighted to property. But if we’re seeing some compression in property rate, could that impact your MGA growth in the back half of the year?
Doug Howell: Our binding business had a terrific quarter. I think they’re in the mid-teens. The Brokerage business was probably 5% to 6%, something like that. So I think between the two, Brokerage and binding, our affinity business had a terrific quarter. Captives were a little slow this quarter. But by and large, the binding business did a really great job. And the open brokerage is still continuing to show really, really nice mid-single-digit growth.
Andrew Andersen: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your questions.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks so much. Two big picture questions, if I can. First, if my memory is correct then, one of the benefits you were talking about when you bought Gallagher Re was that you could introduce reinsurance brokerage capabilities to all of the carriers that you place business with. And I’m wondering whether the 20% organic growth that you had in the first quarter, does any – is that still a factor? Or has that played out and this is just the execution of the current team?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, that’s a big factor. And that’s 15 deals. Again, we’re not getting granular as to who, what, where and when. But that’s exactly what we talked about. It’s coming out the way we dreamed it. These people are working together. We’ve introduced them to some other players that they didn’t know. They’ve introduced us to plenty of players we didn’t know. The cross-pollinization both in what we’re doing in retail and things like pools and what they’re doing with carriers that we didn’t know about has been very good for our retail team. And of course, we’ve got deep relations with carriers across the board that all of us at this table have traded with for years. And it’s not – it’s just really been a very positive development in our repertoire.
Doug Howell: Listen, in our culture, the fact that people run together to help each other, we’re really seeing that. We’re seeing a lot of joint meetings between our retail folks, our wholesale folks, our reinsurers. I just spent a week in London, and all the opportunities that we have with MGAs and capital formation using the reinsurance opportunities, I think we’re just scratching the surface of what Gallagher Re will bring to us.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s very helpful. The second question, I’m just trying to put this together in my head. You’ve got more leverage with the big accounts because they’ve got more swag, I think that’s the way Pat put it. On the other hand, there’s a higher propensity towards fees there. So overall, is the larger account business more or less sensitive, from your perspective, the revenue growth more or less sensitive to the cycle than in small and mid?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It’s probably less because we’re on fees. I mean, that’s – there’s no question about that. And the nice thing about a fee account in a softening market is that you don’t get asked to take a pay cut for doing a better job.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Cave Montazeri with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Cave Montazeri: Thank you. I know you guys have a pretty good real-time pulse on the economy. Earlier in your prepared remarks, you mentioned the U.S. labor market was still strong. But just wondering in your conversations with clients, especially the middle market clients, what are they staying on the impact of tariffs on their business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think that you’ve read all the stuff, Cave, that there is out there. I mean everybody’s got questions, and it’s too – it’s very client specific. What business are you in? Where does your product mix come from? What’s your supply chain? Is it something that you can change one way or another? How do your clients feel about it? The good news for us is that any time there’s consternation, anytime there’s change, anytime there’s concern, we’re there to help them through it. So if, in fact, tariffs create some additional loss costs or some additional value increases, there’s ways to mitigate that, whether we move towards a captive, higher retentions, change the language, et cetera, et cetera. But there’s concern as to what it means to them as individuals. And I’d say that’s much more pronounced in the middle and small cap market.
Cave Montazeri: Makes sense. My follow-up is on your international organic growth. I think you mentioned 4% if I remember correctly, I guess it’s not a bad number in absolute terms, but it is a bit of a drag on the overall brokerage organic. Could you give us a bit of maybe regional color on what you’re seeing internationally? Maybe like some regions being better than others?
Doug Howell: Yes. Cave, it’s a flat market. Australia and New Zealand first quarter is very slow because of their heavy periods are in the summer. The UK retail is hanging in there, kind of similar to our retail. So if you’re thinking about maybe a – call Canada flat and the rest of them maybe 5% to 6%...
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And remember, nowhere in the world has our casualty book. Nobody’s got our tort system. So we are seeing pressure on casualty rates and carriers are seeing pressure on their past casualty years.
Cave Montazeri: Yes, that makes sense. And if I could squeeze one more in on the topic of international, like from an M&A inorganic growth point of view, internationally, like where is your appetite geographically, where you think there’s going to be good opportunities to grow in the future?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, first of all, we now trade extensively throughout the world. As we said in our prepared comments, there’s not an account anywhere in the world we can’t do, of any size. But if you take a look at premium, written premium, that’s the ball we’re following.
Cave Montazeri: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Cave. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We had a great first quarter and a great kickoff to 2025. It’s important that we think the 57,000 colleagues around the globe for doing the work that creates these results. Their creativity, dedication and unwavering client focus is what really makes these results. Thank you all, and have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your night.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher and Company's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute follow-looking statements within the meaning of the security laws. The Company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections contained in the Company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations to the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher Jr., Chairman and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, other members of the management team, and the heads of our operating divisions. Before I get to my comments about our financial results, I'd like to acknowledge the tragic wildfires in California. Our heartfelt thoughts are with all those impacted, including our own Gallagher colleagues. Our Company and industry have such an important role and responsibility, helping families, businesses, and communities rebuild and restore their lives. And like many times before, Gallagher and the industry will rise to the occasion. Okay, on to my comments regarding our financial performance. We had an excellent fourth quarter. For our combined brokerage and risk management segments, we posted 12% growth in revenue, our 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth, 7% organic growth, reported net earnings margin of 13.5%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 17%, and adjusted EBITDAC margin of 31.4%, up 145 basis points year-over-year. GAAP earnings per share of $1.56, and adjusted earnings per share of $2.51, up 15% year-over-year. The December capital raise for the acquisition of AssuredPartners creates some noise in these headline numbers, so I will peel back the impact in his comments. Regardless, another fantastic quarter to close out another terrific year by our team. Moving to results on a segment basis, starting with the brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 12%. Organic growth was 7.1%. Base commission and fees were 7.8% in line with our expectations, which got offset a bit by slightly lower contingents. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 168 basis points to 33.1%, which includes interest income related to funds raised for the acquisition of AssuredPartners. Excluding that interest income, margin expansion was 109 basis points. Let me give some insights behind our brokerage segment organic. With our P/C retail operations, we delivered 6% organic overall. The U.K., Australia, and New Zealand were all in the high single digits. U.S. retail organic was around 5%, and Canada was down a couple percent, impacted by lower contingents. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of about 10%, a really strong finish that includes the catch-up of the large life case sales that shifted from earlier in 24. Shifting to our reinsurance wholesale and specialty businesses, in total organic of 9%, which overcame some expected market headwinds in our global aerospace business. So very strong growth, whether retail, wholesale, or reinsurance. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the P/C insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Overall, the global P/C insurance market continues to grow. With fourth quarter renewal premium increases, that's both rate and exposure combined, consistent with the past two quarters. Thus far in January, renewal premium increases are ticking slightly higher than fourth quarter and are above 5%, driven by increases in casualty lines like umbrella and commercial auto. Breaking down fourth quarter global renewal premium changes by product line, we saw the following. Property and professional lines were about flat. Workers' comp up 1%, general liability up 4%, commercial auto up 9%, umbrella up 10%, and personal lines up 9%. So we continue to see increases across most lines and geographies. Carriers are behaving rationally and pushing for increases where it's needed to generate an acceptable underwriting profit. It's a great market for us to operate in because we can further differentiate ourselves with our leading tools, data, and expertise. Remember, our job as brokers is to help clients find the best coverage that fits their budget while mitigating price increases. We're becoming more successful securing lower pricing for our property customers, especially cat exposed property, which enables them to buy more limit or reduce their deductibles, resulting in more coverage for the same spend. Shifting to the reinsurance market. Overall, 1-1 renewals were orderly and reflected an environment that generally favored reinsurance buyers. Growing demand for property cat cover was met with sufficient reinsurance capacity, despite 2024 being an elevated year with more than $150 billion of estimated insured natural catastrophe losses. This resulted in property price declines that were greater at the top end of reinsurance towers, and similar to January 24 renewals, reinsurers continued to exercise discipline on terms and did not revert to attachment points that exposed them to greater frequency. Reinsurance buyers of specialty coverages saw modest price declines across many lines of coverage, but again, no softening in terms and conditions. Shifting to casualty, while there was adequate reinsurance capacity, reinsurers remained cautious on U.S. casualty risks due to elevated loss cost trends and potential reserve deficiencies. Looking forward, wildfire losses and casualty reserve increases seem to be the stories here in January, and time will tell how each of these ultimately impacts the market. Regardless, Gallagher Re had a fantastic 1-1 with some nice new business wins and should continue to excel in this environment. Moving to some comments on our customers' business activity. During the fourth quarter, our daily revenue indications from audits, endorsements, and cancellations remained in net positive territory. The same is true for full year 2024. While the activity is not quite as high as 2023, the upward revenue adjustments this past year are very close to full year 2022. So we continue to see solid client business activity and no signs of a meaningful global economic slowdown. Within the U.S., the labor market remains strong. Since April 24, the number of open jobs has remained relatively steady and at a level that is still well above the number of unemployed people looking for work. Employers are looking for ways to grow their workforce and control their benefit costs. And at the same time, faced wage increases and continued medical cost inflation, both are headwinds that our professionals are helping to navigate. Regardless of market conditions, I believe we are well positioned to take share across our brokerage business. Remember, 90% of the time we are competing against the smaller local broker that cannot match our niche expertise, outstanding service, or extensive data and analytics offerings. So with some nice momentum in net new business production across our brokerage business, a P/C market still seeing mid-single-digit premium growth, and a strong U.S. labor market, we continue to see full year 2025 brokerage segment organic in the 6% to 8% range. Moving on to our risk management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Revenue growth was 9%, including organic of 6%. Heading into 2025, we should continue to benefit from excellent client retention, increases in our customers' business activity, and rising claim counts. Adjusted EBITDAC margin was 20.6% in line with our October expectations. Looking ahead, we still see full year 2025 organic in that 6% to 8% range, and margins around 20.5%. Shifting to mergers and acquisitions. During the fourth quarter, we completed 20 new tuck-in mergers at fair prices, representing around $200 million of estimated annualized revenue, bringing the full year to $387 million. For those new partners joining us, I'd like to extend a very warm welcome to the Gallagher family of professionals. And of course, the big news in December was signing an agreement to acquire AssuredPartners with $2.9 billion of annual pro forma revenue. It's a compelling opportunity to build upon our commercial middle market focus, deepen our niche practice groups, and further leverage our data and analytics, allowing us to provide even more value to clients. It should also expand our tuck-in M&A reach and create more retail and specialty revenue opportunities across Gallagher. What is especially exciting is that the combination involves two highly innovative, entrepreneurial, and sales-based cultures. Although we will continue to operate as two independent companies until close, we have started discussions and are very impressed with the talent, professionalism, and excitement of the Assured colleagues. We anticipate we will receive necessary approvals and complete the acquisition sometime here in the first quarter. In addition to the pending Assured Partners acquisition, we have about 45 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $650 million of annualized revenue. Good firms always have a choice, and it would be terrific if they chose to partner with Gallagher. With a strong close of the year, let me reflect on our full-year financial performance for brokerage and risk management combined. 15% growth in revenue, 7.6% organic growth, 18% growth in adjusted EBITDAC, 48 mergers completed with nearly $400 million in estimated annualized revenue, and we signed a definitive agreement to acquire AssuredPartners. These are terrific metrics. And as proud as I am of the excellent financial performance this year, I'm more proud of the way our culture has stayed true as we continue to expand. Our culture is about our colleagues, guided by the Gallagher way and a rock-solid foundation they form based on every interaction we have, whether it's clients, carriers, future merger partners, or with our Gallagher colleagues around the globe. Frankly, our culture is unstoppable, and that is the Gallagher way. Okay, I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today I'll quickly recap some sound bites from our quarter and replay our early thoughts on 2025, most of which Pat just touched on, then use the rest of my time to unpack the impact of the AssuredPartners financing activities on our results during the quarter. Then I'll wrap up my prepared remarks with my usual comments on cash, M&A, and capital management. Okay, highlights from our fourth quarter that you'll see in our earnings release. Terrific base commission and fee organic growth of 7.8%, solid supplemental growth of 4.7%, and while contingents went backwards a bit this quarter, we don't see that as a trend by any means. As I look to 2025 brokerage organic, Pat relayed that we're in a favorable environment with rates still needing to increase to cover higher loss costs, trillions of global premiums growing and inflating, and our sales and service offerings outpacing our competitors, which should increase both new business and our retentions. So as we sit here today, we still believe our full year 25 brokerage segment organic growth should be in that 6% to 8% range. That's unchanged from what we said in October. As for brokerage margins, a little noise on page 5 of the earnings release. Please see the footnote. You'll read that the margin was aided by about $20 million of interest income earned on cash we're holding to close AssuredPartners. Adjusting for that, our margins would have been 32.5%, up 109 basis points over last year. That's nicely above our October expectation of margin expansion in the 90 to 100 basis point range. Looking ahead to 25, we are still viewing margin expansion like we have, like we've said many times before. We see margin expansion starting around full year organic growth of 4%. At 6%, maybe we could see 50 basis points, and at 8%, perhaps 100 basis points of expansion. Of course, those ranges can then be impacted by changes to interest income on our fiduciary assets, and then the rolling impact of M&A. By our March IR date, maybe we'll have a better read on where interest rates might go, and also the impact of Assured rolling into our numbers. But at this time, we don't see either having a significant impact on those ranges. So, really no change to how we're thinking about margins in 2025. As for risk management, another solid quarter posting 6% organic. Admittedly, a couple million dollars below our October expectations, all stemming from a smaller quarter of construction consulting revenues in the Northeast that can be just a little bit lumpy. So, adjusted margin expansion of 20.6% in the quarter was also in line with our October expectations. And then looking forward, we're seeing full year 25 organic also in that 6% to 8% range, with margins again around 20.5% for the year. So, a great quarter and full year by both our brokerage and risk management teams, and both have a strong outlook for 25. Turning to page 6 of the earnings release and the corporate segment shortcut table. For the interest and banking line, we are a bit better than our October forecast because we just were not into our line as much as we thought at that time. For the adjusted acquisition lines for M&A and clean energy, both were close to our October expectations. Then, when you look at the corporate line of the corporate segment, that was better than our expectation due to unrealized non-cash foreign exchange remeasurement income, which was partially offset by a return to actual tax catch-up of about $4 million. So, let's move from our earnings release to the CFO commentary document that we post on our IR website. First, an overarching statement. Please take some time to read any headers or footnotes throughout this document to understand what information has or hasn't been updated for the AssuredPartners deal. So, let's move to page 3 for our modeling helpers. Across the board, fourth quarter 24 actual numbers were fairly close to what we provided back in October. As for 25, we provided a first look of what we forecast. Again, none of these numbers include any impact from AssuredPartners. Turning to Page 4, a first look at our corporate segment outlook for full year 25. The only impact of Assured is found in the interest and banking line. It includes additional interest expense from the $5 billion debt raise. Flipping to Page 5 of the CFO commentary document to our tax credit carry forwards. As of year end, about $770 million that will be used over the next few years. So, still a nice sweetener to fund future M&A. We would not expect those numbers to move much because of the assured financing or the roll-in of assured's taxable income. That's because of the interest shield and also the amortization of the $5 billion deferred tax asset that we'll get with AssuredPartners. That should save us about $1.4 billion of taxes over the coming years. Flipping over to Page 6, the investment income table. This table includes an assumption of two 25 basis point rate cuts in 25. It includes interest income from cash we're holding to pay for Assured, assuming a late March close. But it does not include interest income from Assured's fiduciary assets after closing. When you shift down on page 6 to the rollover revenue table, the pinkish columns to the right include estimated revenues for brokerage M&A that we closed through yesterday. And below that table, we've added a separate section for AssuredPartners' revenues. Again, assuming a late March close, which of course is highly dependent on regulatory approvals. Then, just a reminder, you also need to make a pick for other future M&A. And then further down on that page, you'll see the risk management segment rollover revenues for 25 are expected to be approximately $5 million for each of the first two quarters. All right, moving to Page 7. This is a new page to help you see the impact of the assured partners' financing on our fourth quarter 24 revenues, EBITDAC, net earnings, and EPS by segment. The three items just to keep in mind. There was additional incremental interest income on the cash that we were holding to fund the acquisition. There was additional interest expense we incurred on the newly issued $5 billion worth of debt. And then the additional shares outstanding from the December equity offering. You'll see that for fourth quarter, it all nets out to nearly nothing, but it does cause a little noise in our numbers. Also, the callout box on the right of that page provides some information on shares outstanding because of the assured partners' equity rates for our first quarter. This includes the full impact of the shares we issued in December and the exercise of the green shoe in early January. Finally, if you flip to Page 8, you'll see that this page is just a repeat of what we provided in the December Assured presentation for ease of reference. There's no new news on this page. Finally, let's move to cash, capital management, and M&A funding. Available cash on hand at December 31st was more than $14 billion, of which approximately $13.5 billion will be used to fund AssuredPartners. Since year end, we received another $1.3 billion as the underwriters exercised the green shoe. So, considering this and our strong expected free cash flow, we are in an excellent position to fund our M&A pipeline of opportunities. Here in 25, it's looking like we could have $3.5 billion to fund future M&A. Then it jumps up to nearly $5 billion in 26, all while maintaining a solid investment grade rating. So, an excellent quarter and an excellent year to have in the books. As I reflect on 24, I have to say that we had a pretty terrific year. For the combined brokerage and risk management segments, we posted adjusted revenue growth of 14%, organic of 7.6%, overall margin expansion of 94 basis points, and most importantly, we grew our EBITDAC 18%. Those are terrific numbers and reflect what Pat said. That's our unstoppable culture. So, those are my comments. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Thanks, Doug. Rob, you want to open it up for questions?
Operator: Sure, Mr. Gallagher. We'll now open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Now, our first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: First question is surrounding the cadence of organic growth next year. Loud and clear, 6-8, no change. I guess, yes, for both segments. I guess I'm more specifically focused on the brokerage segment. But in terms of the cadence or seasonality, anything you'd like to call out? Two of your peers called out kind of weaker seasonality in 1Q. We do know that reinsurance is overweight in the beginning of the year, too, and maybe downwards pricing there could cause some year-over-year tougher comps.
Doug Howell: Let me go back to that. Let me start with the end of that. There have been some price changes on the reinsurance, but our customers are buying more reinsurance. So when you look at the total spend for us that our customers are spending, we're really not seeing a decrease, and like Pat said in his comments, we had a terrific new business quarter also. Going back to the first part of your question, yes, reinsurance is typically stronger in the first quarter, and so you could see some seasonality of better organic growth in the first quarter than what develops out for the rest of the year. I'll study in a little bit about that, as we do have a substantial amount of our health and medical benefits that renew in the first quarter that mitigate maybe a higher reinsurance on it. And then throughout the year, our retail is performing well. Our wholesale seems to be getting stronger and stronger. Our programs are doing well. But, yes, you would see a little seasonality because of reinsurance in the first quarter and our organic growth.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. So you're saying actually it could be higher, not lower, even if reinsurance pricing is down? Okay.
Doug Howell: I'll have a chance to talk to you again on our March IR day, and we should have a better feel of the seasonality for that, too.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, awesome. The last question is on, do we share investment income? I'm thinking through post the deal close, if you're able to comment. So my understanding is that the company you're purchasing kind of didn't fully leverage its fiduciary income in that it was direct pay relationships between the businesses paying directly to the insurance carriers, and you guys might be able to optimize that working capital to gain more fiduciary assets. If that's what I'm describing is correct, can you offer kind of a timeline on how that works in terms of kind of getting those asset balances onto your balance sheet?
Doug Howell: Yes, your recollection is correct, and I think that if you go back, I don't know, 10 years ago when we went through our exercise in consolidating bank accounts from around the world, this would be obviously mostly in the U.S. We did have some good success of picking up more fiduciary cash into our accounts, and I think that would be invested. So we do see that as an opportunity that we'll be better together on that metric. So, yes, there should be versus their run rate, I'm guessing together we'll be better on that going forward.
Mike Zaremski: Doug, is there just any, is that kind of a one-year process, or that kind of takes many years?
Doug Howell: Listen, in 18 months we shouldn't be talking about it anymore, so I think we'd get it done. Hopefully faster.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Peters: I guess I'd like to start with California. Given the substantial potential loss to the insured market, I'm curious if you could give us some perspective of how it might touch your operations. I'm interested in, you know, the business going inside RPS, if there's any impact on the wholesale market that you're seeing. If you can just talk about your perspectives of that as we watch this disaster unfold, that'd be great.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, first of all, Greg its Pat, we reached out to thousands of clients already to make sure that they had the knowledge of how to file claims and what have you, how to get a hold of us if they're having difficulty in filing those claims. We are presently tracking, I forget the exact number today, but we have hundreds of claims that we're helping our clients with already. I think that you've got a situation that is going to continue to unfold for us. We're a big player in California. We're a big player in Los Angeles. Not huge in personal lines there, but it's going to keep us incredibly busy for a number of months. And then in terms of the impact of that, luckily, again, we've been able to stay in touch with our people. We have had our folks in some instances were evacuated. We did not lose anybody and don't have many of our folks that have lost any of their homes. So I think we'll be well in a strong place to help our clients, but I can't give you much more than that right now in terms of how it's going to impact our day-to-day activities out there.
Gregory Peters: Okay. And then I guess my follow-up question is switch gears. You mentioned in your comments about the lower contingents. Just curious, given the profitability we're seeing in the industry, I would have imagined that supplementals and contingents would be up. And I think your guidance for 25 suggests that they should go back up again. But maybe you could spend a minute and give us some color on what happened with contingents in Europe, and then color on your outlook.
Doug Howell: Yes, great question, Greg. Thanks for asking. Like I said, I ended in my comments. This isn't a trend, and what you said there is right. We would expect it to bounce back up again. Frankly, it's simply because as we get the final year and loss ratio estimates in from the carriers, they're coming in just a little bit higher than what maybe we had been anticipating throughout the year. And to put this in context, we see this as about maybe a $7 million shortfall to what we were thinking back in October. Two-thirds of it is spread across hundreds of contracts. And so if the loss ratios are ticking up just a little bit, that probably costs us $4 million of it. And then another third is we had about three contracts and programs in Canada that just really kind of came in here in January with really not very great results. But if you look at it on an annual basis, when you combine supplements and contingents, I think if I do the math here, mentally I think it's about 8%, even with the small blip in the fourth quarter. So it's still a terrific year. But I wouldn't over-read that there's some systemic shift in what contingents and supplementals are going to be going forward. So I would expect those numbers to grow over the blip this year considerably.
Gregory Peters: Just a clarification on that answer, Doug, is there a specific line of business? Is there across a broader business set?
Doug Howell: It's across the line, Greg. I wouldn't say there's anything there. We have hundreds of these contracts, and we get a lot of this information coming in here right around the first week or two of January.
Gregory Peters: Thank you for your answers.
Doug Howell: I guess another way of saying it, on a $600 million number, only to have maybe $3 or $4 million of what I would say loss ratio, I think our picks have been pretty good throughout the year.
Gregory Peters: I would say so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kligerman: First question is around the risk management segment. Thinking back to last year, you had guided to 9% to 11% organic growth for this year, and now for next year, for 24, that is, and now for 25, you're guiding to 6 to 8, which I still think is fabulous. But what's kind of changing that your guidance isn't quite as robust as it was to start last year?
Doug Howell: Here's the thing. I think that this business, if you recall, we can get some pretty large contracts that come in. It is a little bit more elephant hunting, so to speak. So this year, I think that we've got some nice new business in the pipeline coming into 25, and so I'd leave you to go back in the history of Gallagher Bassett and the risk management segment. We have periods like this where it will grow mid-single digit, something like that, and then they'll have a couple of nice large contracts. We still see that happening. Some of our government programs that we do down in Australia have some nice opportunity, and then more and more we're proving to the carriers left and right that we can actually deliver better claim outcomes on that business. And as a carrier decides to use us for their claims payment process on work comp and general liability, we're not storm chasers, remember, but it is a little bit more of a lumpy business as we get some pretty nice size.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. So like you never know, you could probably find another elephant this year, right?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yes, that's right. Our process list is always filled with elephants. They're just hard to find every once in a while.
Andrew Kligerman: And then I'm just kind of curious about your operations in India, the Center for Excellence, where I think you have about 12,000 employees right now, and, as you look out through this year, do you need to add people, given the AssuredPartners transaction? Can you keep it steady? And, you know, is technology making it such that you really don't need to hire that much?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, I think you got both ends of that correct. We're going to be using technology quite a bit, and as we use technology that does make that group there much more efficient, and yet at the very same time our organic growth and our acquisition growth puts a lot more demand in the structure. And so at about 12,000 employees, I think that at this time next year you'll see us up additional thousands.
Doug Howell: Yes, the other thing, too, to think about this, the value that it brings is when work goes into our service centers, remember those are our folks. They're not working for anybody else. They work for us. It causes standardization. It causes process improvement. I got to tell you, that gives us a head start by years and years when it comes to implementing technologies and AI into the work that's already been standardized. And truthfully, as we develop AI technologies that replace some of that work there, all of those folks have opportunities to, because our growth, they don't lose their jobs. It's just they move up higher in the value chain on it. And so it's really a juggernaut, in my opinion, in terms of our ability to offer some of the very best service in the world.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: And unless you standardize that service, A, you can't automate it. But, B, when you do standardize it, it makes you better and better at the service for our clients. Just take certificates of insurance. We're going to issue three, four million of them pretty much error-free. There aren't any real brokers that can claim that.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. So maybe with the bottom-line takeaway is, you may add a thousand or two employees, but it's still scalable. You're still getting better margins from that. Is that the right final takeaway?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yes, you're right on the money.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Doug Howell: It won't surprise me that, like-for-like, in five years we've doubled that number.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the brokerage outlook for 25. So you reaffirmed the six to eight. I think when we last spoke in October, you said, maybe benefits is a five. Reinsurance is a nine. I want to confirm that's where you still see it. And then you also had said you would provide, I think, by line in a little bit more detail at the December day, right, which did not happen. Could you give us a sense even away from benefits and reinsurance, just how you see all your businesses trending organically in the 6% to 8% 25 brokerage guide?
Doug Howell: I think, yes, confirming everything you've said. So I think Pat did a pretty good job in his script of telling you how those businesses are growing right now. I think those are good guesses for next year at this point.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my follow up question. How do you see how's their pipeline of transactions? Right. You guys also did, a good number of bolt on deals to end the quarter. And, in terms of the AP pipeline, I know when you guys announced the deal, you highlighted the fact that there was very little overlap on pipelines. So would you expect, I guess, once that deal closes, at some point at the end of the Q1, I guess that kind of just the quarterly level of M&A activity, could pick up from bringing the two firms together.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: So Elyse, this is Pat, I think that, first of all, we have to continue to operate these enterprises separately till we're closed. But we do know that there's very little overlap at all. And AssuredPartners has been very, very good at tuck-in acquisitions. And as you saw in our -- when we were making the announcement, there has not been that much overlap between things that we wanted to put on and things that they actually bought. So we view their pipeline is very, very accretive to what we're doing and not a lot of overlap. And I think that's going to be fantastic. They've got a great team doing this stuff. We're impressed with what we've seen and due diligence and the like as to what they've done, what they've bought and the pricing they're getting for that. And I think you will see us increase substantially the number of deals. Now, there's small deals. They're very good at tuck-in, bolt-ons and small, privately held firms in and about many of the parts of the country that we're not in.
Elyse Greenspan: And then the 1.3. Oh, sorry.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: I was just going to say the 1.3 billion from the green shoe, right, that wasn't contemplated because the financing was there without it. So is that just extra cash that you have for the pipeline, the capital that Doug was talking about in his comments.
Doug Howell: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Security. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Hughes: Doug, the guidance you gave for the first quarter contribution from AssuredPartners. Is there any seasonality there or is that just the timing of the deal?
Doug Howell: Right now, we've assumed that's just the timing of the deal. They will have some seasonality, especially in their benefit business. And then anything that might be a public entity type business might be skewed to July. So you'd see a little bit of seasonality. But what you see in there is a pure straight line assumption of it.
Mark Hughes: And then, Pat, in the wholesale business, you gave the wholesale and reinsurance together. I think up 9%. Any detail you can provide on wholesale observations on the E&S market?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Let me take a look, Mark.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think I've got that. I think that you've got to look at our U.K. specialty at maybe around 7%. You look at U.S. specialty, maybe on the 10%, re is pretty small in the quarter. It's just not a big quarter for us. So if you look at those two numbers, when we would get that maybe that gets us back to that that 9% number there.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Motemaden: I had a question for Doug, just trying to unpack the brokerage organic this quarter. And I don't want to nitpick too much, but you guys were looking for 8%. And I'm just wondering, so what was the entire differential? Just the contingent and the life sales came back as expected, and it was just totally offset by the contingent. I'm hoping you can unpack that a little bit.
Doug Howell: Yes, you're right. The base commission and fees at 7.8% percent. That business contingents and supplementals have been running kind of consistent with that together. So the difference of the $7 million, I'd put it up in the upper 7% range, somewhere pretty close to the base contingency. So you're right. You're spot on in your observation there.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. Thanks for confirming. And then I wanted to follow up just on I guess I was surprised the RPC stayed at 5%. Just given the property price was flat versus up for last quarter. So I'm wondering if maybe it's mixed, but I'm wondering if there's anything else from sort of like an increased purchasing or buy up dynamic that you guys are observing as the property rates moderate here.
Doug Howell: Well, we see that across that. Yes, I mean, we've always said it's been a long time. We've talked about this as rates are going up. Customers opt out of certain coverages. And that might be by raising deductibles or reducing limits on it. Sometimes they'll drop some coverages. So remember rates are still increasing. I think it's important for everybody to realize that kind of across the board, we're still in a rate increasing environment. They're buying more insurance. And reinsurance you're seeing that from the carriers that they're buying more. And then the customers, they are buying more coverage on it. So they'll opt in.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Insurance to value is a big deal. Much more pressure on insuring to value.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe just to sneak one else in, one other one in. Doug, I think you had said last call that the underlying brokerage business is running at like a 7% to 8% organic growth. Just on an underlying basis, but then the 25 range is in the 6% to 8% range. So I guess I'm wondering, is that 6% percent just sort of conservatism? Like what sort of scenario would sort of get that, get you guys out of that, 7% to 8% range?
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think right now that, we said way back in October that, next year felt a lot like this year. And we're kind of in that mid-7% range somewhere this year. The range around it sitting and looking out over the next 11.5 months, I guess, that it's 6% to 8% is consistent, what we've said before. So we think we'd like to stick with that. I think our team's working pretty hard to always be better than the midpoint of the range, obviously. But the market's changing. We'll see what wildfires do. We'll see what casualty reserves will do. We're still digesting that. I will say on the wildfires, maybe you know this. I still don't know how the extra living expenses have been factored into the wildfire estimates for the cat loss on that. And then, you can't open up the news any day without somebody taking a casualty reserve strengthening. So those things, will cause carriers to take a really hard look at what they're doing with the rates. So within 2% is a pretty good guess as we look for the year. Isn't it nice being in that range versus years ago when we were pretty excited about 1% or 2% organic growth?
David Motemaden: No, completely agree. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is in the line of Katie Sakys with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Katie Sakys: I guess my first question is, thinking about the last call, I think, Doug, you'd mentioned that you expect brokerage organic growth in 2025, split between the components to come from about half new business and then perhaps a quarter each to rate and exposure. Has your perspective on the components of that brokerage organic growth guide changed in the context of the AssuredPartners acquisition?
Doug Howell: No. Pat summarized it pretty quickly. That's what we're still seeing happening right now.
Katie Sakys: Okay. Sounds good. And then, it looks like international retail brokerage growth kind of continues to cool off a little bit. How are you guys thinking about the environment for organic growth abroad this year versus what looks like perhaps a little bit more stable growth in the U.S.?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Katie, I think you got to really look at that by geography. I mean, there's parts of the world that are just really, really growing incredibly well. We set our board meeting and did a deep dive into some of our Latin American businesses, not huge in part of the whole overall enterprise, but incredibly nice growth there. And so there's -- it depends. Canada, a little bit of a slowdown this past quarter. We talked about that. But as you look across the whole patch, it's hard to put a finger on it, which is why we try to give you a guidance in terms of the overall how it should shake out. But we definitely have some geographies that are doing extremely well and just have continued future growth that is going to be fantastic.
Doug Howell: Yes. Katie, one of the things I'm kind of looking at what we said this quarter versus what we said back in October. We didn't have an opportunity to update you in December. But U.K. retail especially is still in high single digits. We said that it was 6% percent before. U.K. retail, I think we said 8%, and this quarter we're saying closer to 9%. Canada, maybe the one that's poking its head out to you a little bit, we said is more flattish, and now we're down a point or so. And then Australia, New Zealand, we said is about 10% maybe in October, and we're still in the very high single digits on that. So I don't know if it's necessarily – it might be just that Canadian piece that pops out at you that's causing you to have that perspective.
Katie Sakys: Appreciate the additional color there. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: I like how everyone's claiming they're Canadian. Doug, you mentioned –
Doug Howell: I'll tell you personally, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Yes, I'll try not to. You mentioned, obviously accurately, that there's a ton of adverse development that we're seeing in general liability. And I was wondering whether there's any direct impact when you've got, I don't know, more frequent claims or more attorney involvement in terms of how Gallagher Bassett grows revenues.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, I mean, clearly claim activity helps this far. I mean, there's no question about it. But when it comes to severity, we don't participate in our clients up or down in terms of severity. We do everything we can to manage the final outcome, and we contend, and we believe we have the data and analytics to prove this, that if you hire Gallagher Bassett, your outcomes, meaning your final settlements, will be superior. And that does not mean that we're taking advantage of the claimant. That means that we're handling the claimants actually better than you see in the general market. So if you've got some severity out there, and that creates frequency, frequency definitely helps Gallagher Bassett. We get paid essentially on a per-claim basis, as does economic growth, because with economic growth comes more employment. And remember, most of Gallagher Bassett's revenues, a good portion of them, are workers' compensation driven.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think one of the things, all of those forces actually should cause clients to look at Gallagher Bassett even more. The way we can do nurse case management, the way we have our managed care offering, the way that we can understand where there are opportunities to use different physicians. We also understand the attorneys, because we deal with them so often. When claims get more complicated, Gallagher Bassett actually can show more value to the customer. And I think that's the environment we're in. They're paying $12 billion, $13 billion, $14 billion of claims, and they get pretty good at that.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: And remember, by and large, about $0.60 to $0.65 on every premium dollar turns into a claim. That's the function of the industry. We're seeing that, of course, in the West Coast. And so if you're going to have an impact on your costs, you better pay attention to that portion of the dollar that goes out the door in claims. Again, we think we do that at a level that's better than the competitors, both TPAs and carriers.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's very helpful, very thorough. Switching gears, I'm just looking for an update on the multiples for M&A, because we've seen not only your acquisition of AssuredPartners, but a lot of the other big brokers out there have made big acquisitions. I don't know if that speeds up or decelerates competition for tuck-ins.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, this, of course, is all speculation on my part. But remember, and we try to share it pretty much every quarter, what we are buying at. And you're not seeing our tuck-in acquisitions and the activity that we do on our smaller deals anywhere near the treetop levels of multiples that have been running up over the years. I do think that the AssuredPartners acquisition, we have a very smart seller. I think we were an opportunistic buyer, and I definitely think there's a signal there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Cox: Hey, thanks. And I apologize for asking another question on brokerage organic. But when you consider the 6% to 8% organic growth range, could you give us some insight into what level of renewal premium change you're thinking about within that? Because I'm wondering if you're assuming sort of some of the acceleration that you think may be happening in the casualty market, or if you don't need that to achieve the 6 to 8.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think that estimate is not assuming that there's tailwinds produced by the fires or the casualty strengthening. We kind of see that in the current environment we had. Like we said earlier, we think that net new business over loss will contribute about half of that number. We think that exposure will be about a quarter of it, and rate will be about a quarter of it. So there's not a big assumption for rates in here, nor is there a really big assumption for exposure unit growth. I mean, this is just what we're seeing in our net new business wins right now. We're showing pretty well out there in the field. And here, go back to what we said before. When there's not as much chaos in the market, we get to show our tools and capabilities shine brighter in those environments. Because when it's chaotic in the environment and customers are listening to big rate increases, they're just trying to get their insurance placed. They're already a bit stung by the fact that rates are up. We work very hard to keep those rates down for them. Now we'll be able to go in and show prospects, just in a level playing field here. When things aren't chaotic, you should be using our tools and capabilities to buy your insurance through us, or let us buy your insurance for you using our capabilities. So this is an environment where we believe our new business will shine. We think our service offering is getting better and better every day. We have insights into what clients might be a little shaky. Let's get out and talk to them and make sure that we get the renewal put to bed soon. So I think that this is an environment where I think that our folks can shine with the tools and capabilities that they have.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I would have killed in the past, as Doug alluded to, when we were talking about up one, up two, for a 5% premium rate growth as an environment. That would be nirvana 10 years ago. So I think it's a very strong place to be. Remember, our job is to mitigate that for our clients. But it's a great place for us to show exactly what Doug was saying, which is our capabilities. In particular in the areas of data and analytics, which I want to remind the listeners, you don't get a chance to listen to the smaller brokers that we're competing with on a quarterly basis. We're pulling away from them more and more with our capabilities. And clients, I'm talking middle market clients, very much appreciate the ability to sit and talk with them about people like you buy this, or you should have this type of limit, because in our data we see losses at this size. That capability is just getting more and more attention by the buying community, and it's differentiating us every single day to a greater level.
Rob Cox: That makes sense. Thank you for all the color. Pivoting to reinsurance brokerage, I just wanted to ask, because I know your growth has been a good bit stronger than your two largest competitors in the reinsurance brokerage space for a number of years now. And Gallagher has a lower revenue base, but it doesn't seem like that would be the only driver of the outperformance. So I was hoping you could remind us what's driving Gallagher's ability to deliver what's been more like double-digit organic growth in reinsurance.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, I think that it's just blocking and tackling. I think one of the things that we've found there is it's a great sales team. They're backed up by terrific analytics, incredible capabilities in consulting on capital management, and there's no doubt being part of Gallagher has offered them some additional opportunities.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that as they team up with our wholesalers, our program folks, and our retailers, they get to see firsthand what's going on on the street. I think that helps them provide better insights to their primary carriers. And I think that we're doing a terrific job of making them an integrated part of us, not just a unit within the holding company structure.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Oh, great. My thoughts on reinsurance as well, just the strong results. Just curious, maybe a mix on reinsurance? Do you potentially have a greater mix towards casualty or specialty Europe-focused that could be helping the outlook, given casualty pricing is fixed already?
Doug Howell: Yes. We have a terrific casualty bulk of business. North American casualty is a big part of our U.S. business. But we're probably a little underweighted on property, maybe, versus the others. So I think that's probably more casually weighted. I don't exactly understand their book of business, but I think that what our perception is that we're underweight on property.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: And also, where's the pain right now if it was a reinsurance buyer? It's casually. We've talked about it in these calls, and there's no question about it. That's the area that's got some pain, and our team is really, really good at that.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. Maybe since it's not 6.15, I'll sneak one last one in. Just curious, health inflation for employers, at least some of the stats we've seen, it's expected to rise 25 versus 24. Maybe you disagree with that. Does that provide any uplift to the organic for employee benefits? I know there's a lot of building blocks for employee benefits.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Every time we get -- we are clearly a leader in our capabilities to consult, manage, and place health and welfare. And it's a huge problem for employers. And it's going up, as it seems to never stop doing. And so, there's all kinds of tools that you need to have in your toolbox to handle that. And we're very, very good at that. And, by the way, we're extremely good at it in the commercial middle market, where I think there's maybe not as much competition, frankly.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Alex Scott with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you all. This is Justin on for Alex. Just kind of going back into the brokerage segment in the commercial middle market, just wanted to ask. I understand, it seems like 90% of the time you guys are competing against independent brokers. I was just curious, in light of sort of the large-scale acquisitions that's been taking place, whether or not you see sort of this, 90% number to dwindle over time. And just let me think about 25 and ahead.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Oh, the AssuredPartners people are competing with those same independents in communities that we're not in today, which is only going to increase. When you take a look at our at-bats, our number of at-bats are going to go up substantially because of AssuredPartners. And 100% of those at-bats, that's not true. Ninety-five percent of those at-bats are going to be against smaller players.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think the fragmented market, there's 30,000 agents and brokers, and those are companies, not necessarily those with a brokerage license. So we're competing against the other 29,950 brokers that are out there. So, I mean, AssuredPartners will be absolutely there. It does help us go after those accounts that are in cities that we're not in. So we think it's a great one plus one can equal more than two for sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure thing. Thanks for the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Thanks, Justin. Thanks, Rob. I think we're ready to wrap up here, and I just have a quick comment, and that is thank you again for joining us this afternoon. As you all know now, we had a great fourth quarter to finish, an excellent year of financial performance. A huge thank you goes out from this table to our 56,000 colleagues around the globe. It's your creativity, expertise, and unwavering client focus that continue to set us apart. We look forward to speaking with the investment community at our mid-March IR Day and thank you all for being with us this evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward-looking statements and risk factors sections contained in the company’s most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2024 earnings call. On the call for you today is Doug Howell, our CFO, other members of the management team and heads of our operating divisions. Before I get to my comments about our financial results, I’d like to acknowledge the damage and devastation caused by the recent storms and floods. Our thoughts are with those impacted by these events, including our own Gallagher colleagues. Our professionals are hard at work helping clients sort through their coverages, file claims and ultimately get losses paid. I’m really honored to be part of a company in an industry with such an important responsibility, helping families, businesses, and communities rebuild and restore their lives and that’s a noble cause. Okay, on to my comments regarding our financial performance. We had a great third quarter. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 13% growth in revenue, 6% organic growth, which does not include interest income. Reported net earnings margin of 15.5%, adjusted EBITDA margin of 31.9%, up 123 basis points year-over-year. GAAP earnings per share of $1.90 and adjusted earnings per share of $2.72, up 16% year-over-year. Another fantastic operating quarter by the team. Moving to results on a segment basis, starting with the Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 13%. Organic growth was right in line with our expectations at 6%, which, as we forecasted, reflects about a point of timing headwind from those large life cases we have highlighted over the past couple of quarters. Doug will provide you with some good news from October related to these sales in his remarks. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 137 basis points to 33.6%, which was better than our IR Day expectations. Let me give some insights behind our Brokerage segment organic. Within our PC retail operations, we delivered 5% in the U.S. and 7% outside the U.S. Internationally, Australia and New Zealand led the way with organic of more than 10%. The U.K. was up 6% and Canada was flattish. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of about 4%, and a few points higher, excluding the timing differences from the large life case sales. Shifting to our reinsurance wholesale and specialty businesses, overall organic of 8%. So very strong growth, whether retail, wholesale or reinsurance. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the PC insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Global third quarter renewal premiums, which include both rate and exposure were up 5% and little change from the 6% we discussed at our September IR Day update a few weeks ago. Most lines and geographies had very similar renewal premium changes through all three months of the quarter, with a couple of exceptions. September casualty renewal increases outside the U.S. were lower relative to July and August, driven by changes in business mix. Additionally, large account and E&S property renewal premium increases were a bit less in September than the first two months of the quarter. But neither of these appear to be a trend. Thus far in October, we’re seeing large account property and international casualty renewal premium increases higher than September. Breaking down third quarter renewal premium changes by product line, we saw the following. Property up 4%, general liability up 6%, commercial auto up 7%, umbrella up 10%, workers comp up 2%, D&O down about 5%, cyber was flat and personal lines up 11%. So overall, increases continue to be broad-based and rational in our view, with carriers still cautious and pushing for rate where it’s needed to generate an acceptable underwriting profit. We shine in this environment. Our job as brokers is to help clients find the best coverage while mitigating premium increases. So while not all the increases ultimately show up in our organic, a rational market allows us to further differentiate ourselves with our leading tools, data and expertise. Let me shift to the reinsurance market. The July 1st renewal season saw modest property price declines concentrated at the top end of reinsurance towers, while casualty renewals saw terms and conditions tighten, and some modest price increases concentrated in the U.S. Clearly, a lot has happened in the property market over the past month, which is now adding some complexity to January 1st property renewals. It’s still early, but we now believe a flattish renewal is more likely than the downward pressure previously being discussed. And don’t forget, U.S. hurricane season is not over for another month. For casualty risks, we believe reinsurance will remain cautious heading into next year, especially if there is more noise related to U.S. reserve adequacy. We think differentiating underwriting practices will likely be the key to a successful renewal for clients. Overall, the reinsurance industry remains adequately capitalized and is likely to meet capacity demands at the upcoming January 1 renewals. We continue to believe Gallagher Re will perform very well in 2025, regardless of how the market environment unfolds in the near-term. Moving to some comments on our customers’ business activity. Our daily revenue indications from audits, endorsements and cancellations were again in positive territory for the third quarter. While the amount of upward revenue adjustments isn’t as much as 2023, they’re running in line with 2022. So client business activity remains solid and we are not seeing any signs of meaningful global economic slowdown. Within the U.S., the labor market is on solid footing. In fact, the number of open jobs increased in August and remained well above the number of unemployed people looking for work. Overall job growth, upward wage pressure and rising medical cost inflation continue to challenge employers looking for ways to grow their workforce and control their benefits costs. Regardless of market or economic conditions, I believe we are well positioned to take market share across our Brokerage business. Remember, about 90% of the time we are competing against the smaller local broker that cannot match our client value proposition, niche expertise, outstanding service and our extensive data and analytics offerings. Putting this all together, we continue to see full year 2024 Brokerage organic around 7.5% and that would be another outstanding year. Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Revenue growth was 12%, including organic of 6%. We continue to benefit from excellent client retention, increases in customer business activity, rising claim counts, and new business wins. Adjusted EBITDAC margin was 20.8%, 35 basis points higher than last year, and a bit above our September IR Day expectation. Looking ahead, we see organic in the fourth quarter around 7% and full year organic pushing 9%. Margins for fourth quarter and full year should be in the 20.5% range, and that, too, would be another outstanding year. Shifting to mergers and acquisitions. During the third quarter, we remain disciplined, completing four new mergers at fair prices representing $47 million of estimated annualized revenue. For those new partners joining us, I’d like to extend a very warm welcome to the Gallagher family of professionals. Looking ahead, we have more than 100 mergers in our pipeline, representing approximately $1.5 billion of annualized revenue. Of these 100 potential partners, we have about 60 turn sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $700 million of annualized revenue. Good firms always have a choice and it would be terrific if they chose to partner with Gallagher. Let me conclude with some comments regarding our culture. As we passed our 40th anniversary as a public company, I believe our greatest differentiator continues to be our bedrock culture. It’s a culture that runs towards problems, not away from them. A culture that supports one another and embraces teamwork. A culture that is grounded in the highest standards of moral and ethical behavior. It’s a culture that will continue to guide our success for many years to come. Frankly, we love this business. We enjoy taking care of our customers and that is the Gallagher way. Okay, I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today, I’ll walk you through our earnings release. First, I’ll comment on third quarter organic growth and margins by segment. Then I’ll provide an update on how we are seeing organic growth and margins shape up for fourth quarter and provide an early look on 2025. Next, I’ll move to the CFO commentary document that we post on our IR website and walk you through our typical modeling helpers. And I’ll conclude my prepared remarks with my usual comments on cash, M&A and capital management. Okay, let’s flip to Page 3 of the earnings release. Headline Brokerage segment third quarter organic growth of 6% without interest income. That’s right in line with our September IR Day forecast during which we signaled about a point of headwind due to the timing of large life sales. Recall that these life products are interest rate sensitive. So, as we’ve been discussing, clients were waiting for lower interest rates. Well, the good news Pat mentioned happened over the last month or so. We are now seeing clients fund their policies. In fact, here in October, we have already caught up more than half of what had slipped from earlier quarters. So, the quarterly lumpiness that we have been highlighting throughout the year is starting to swing the other way here in October. And thus, we are currently seeing fourth quarter organic towards 8% and full year pushing 7.5%. As we start to budget for 2025, our early thinking is Brokerage segment full year organic growth might be in the 6% to 8% range. If so, that could mean a 2025 similar to how 2024 might ultimately play out. We’ll provide some more on our 2025 thinking at our December IR Day. But an early read through is we remain upbeat on our ability to grow given the investments we have been making in the business from adding niche experts to rolling out new sales and support tools to expanding our data and analytics offerings. We believe these actions are leading to higher new business production and strong client retention across the globe. And as Pat described, the market environment is still a tailwind for us. Flipping now to Page 5 of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDA table. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 33.6%, up 137 basis points over last year and above the upper end of our September IR Day expectations. Let me walk you through a bridge from last year. First, if you pull out last year’s 2023 earnings -- third quarter earnings release, you would see we reported back then adjusted EBITDA margin of 32.4%. But now using current period FX rates, that would have been 32.2%. Then organic and interest gave us nearly 150 basis points of expansion this quarter. Finally, the impact of M&A and divestitures used about 10 basis points of margin this quarter. You follow that and that will get you to third quarter 2024 margin of 33.6% and that’s the 137 basis points of Brokerage margin expansion. That is really, really great work by the team. As we look ahead to fourth quarter 2024, we are still expecting margin expansion in the 90-basis-point to 100-basis-point range. And again, that would be off of fourth quarter 2023 adjusted margin for FX, which currently is estimated to be about 20 basis points lower than last year’s headline margin of 31.6%. If we do that, that would mean full year 2024 could show about 70 basis points of margin expansion and 90 basis points excluding the first quarter impact from the roll in of the Buck merger. Okay. Let’s move on to the Risk Management segment and the organic and EBITDA tables on Pages 5 and 6. It was another solid quarter. We posted organic of 6%. That’s a point lower than our IR Day guidance because we just missed qualifying for a full revenue bonus related to one large account. That said, Gallagher Bassett continues to see excellent client retention and strong new business production and still delivers an adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.8%, which is up 35 basis points over prior year and ahead of our IR Day expectation. Looking forward, we see organic of 7% and margins around 20.5% in the fourth quarter. If we were to post that, we would finish the year with organic pushing 9% and margins of approximately 20.5%. That too would be great work by the team. As for 2025, our early thinking is for organic growth similar to the Brokerage segment, call it in that 6% to 8% range. Turning now to Page 6 of the earnings release in the Corporate segment shortcut table. In total adjusted third quarter numbers for interest and banking, clean energy and acquisition costs came in within our September IR Day expectations. The corporate line of the Corporate segment was below our expectations due to approximately $9 million of additional unrealized non-cash foreign exchange re-measurement expense that developed during September and wasn’t included in our IR Day forecast. After tax, call it about $0.03. That has already reversed here in October. So it really is a non-cash nothing in our opinion. But the accounting does cause some noise. Let’s now move to the CFO commentary document. Starting on Page 3, modeling helpers. There’s no new news here other than FX. So just consider these updated revenue and EPS impacts as you update your models. Turning to the Corporate segment on Page 4 of the CFO commentary document. No change to our outlook for fourth quarter. Flipping now to Page 5 to our tax credit carryforwards shows $796 million at September 30th. While this benefit won’t show up in the P&L, it does benefit our cash flow for the next few years which helps us fund future M&A. Turning to Page 6, the investment income table. We are now embedding two 25-basis-point rate cuts in the fourth quarter of 2024 and have updated our estimates in this table for current FX rates. Punchline here is our fourth quarter estimate does not change much from what we provided at our September IR Day. Shifting down that page to the rollover revenue table, the third quarter 2024 column subtotal is $111 million and 141 million before divestitures. These are consistent with our September IR Day expectations. Looking forward, the pinkish columns to the right include estimated revenues for Brokerage M&A closed through yesterday. So just a reminder, you’ll need to make a pick for future M&A. And when you move down on that page, you’ll see the Risk Management segment rollover revenues for fourth quarter 2024 are expected to be approximately $15 million. So moving to cash capital management and M&A funding. Available cash on hand at September 30 was about $1.2 billion. Considering this balance and our strong expected free cash flow, we are in an excellent position to fund our robust pipeline of M&A opportunities here in 2024. We currently estimate capacity of around $3 billion for M&A here in 2024 and is looking like we could have another $4 billion to fund M&A in 2025, all while making solid -- maintaining a solid investment grade rating. So it’s another excellent quarter in the books. Through the first nine months of the year for our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we have delivered revenues up 16%, organic growth of 8%, net earnings of up 20%, adjusted EBITDA up 18% and adjusted EPS up 17%. Those are terrific numbers and reflect an unstoppable culture. We are well on our way to another great year of financial results. Hats off to the team for all of their hard work. So back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. And operator, if we could go to questions-and-answers, please.
Operator: Sure. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Thanks for the questions. First one is on the bridge from, in the Brokerage segment from 3Q organic to 4Q organic to kind of at the 2-point uplift sequentially. Is -- are you saying most of that is life insurance and if not, it sounded like RPC was still kind of more muted, but are you saying RPC is kind of, is lifting off into, is trending higher into 4Q? Just trying to understand some of the pieces there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: All right. So I think when you, renewal premium changes is what you’re referring to as RPC, I’m assuming.
Mike Zaremski: Yeah.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We’re not seeing underlying that our rates, that what we’re seeing for rates are not different all that much in the third quarter at all compared to what we saw in the first two quarters. And I think you’re seeing that in a lot of the carrier releases right now too. So rates for the fourth quarter, we’re assuming about the same as what we’re seeing here, yeah, in the third quarter, which is the same as in the first and the second. As for the increase next quarter, yes, we are getting about a point of additional organic growth from the life insurance sales. But when you bake all this in, we think that we’re running around 7.5% in our business right now. That’s the underlying growth. When you take out the puts and takes quarter-to-quarter, yeah, we’re nicely in that 7% to 8% range.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. So no other seasonality or anything there, okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We are a little slower in the fourth quarter. It’s not as big a quarter for reinsurance for us. And that has been an organic leader over the last couple of years. So, yes, we do have a little bit of that impact because we’re not so heavily weighted in the fourth quarter to reinsurance.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. All right. That makes sense. Okay. Switching gears a bit to, I guess, the margins or just if I look at the fiduciary investment income, looks like it was much better than expected. But I think you’re guiding down. What caused the spike and why is it expected to go back down?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think, you have to look at our premium funding business there. So when you take a look at the table on Page 6 of the earnings release, I don’t think we’ve changed our estimates all that much for the, excuse me, of the CFO commentary. I don’t think we’ve changed our comments all that much for the fourth quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Okay. Got it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: You also realize there can be some times where we have, obviously, fluctuations in our fiduciary cash balances, too, that can impact that number.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And I guess just, Doug, as a follow-up to some of the comments you made earlier on renewal price change. So actually, from a number of the carriers we’ve seen so far, we have seen an uptick on the casualty side in terms of pricing. And I know in the past, too, you guys have had a view that what you’re hearing from carriers is that they’re under earning on some of the major casualty lines. So is that still kind of in your thought process, as you think that you gave us some tidbits on how 2025 could play out, that there could be some price hardening on the casualty side?
Doug Howell: There’s definitely some price concern on casualty across the board. And I don’t know if that’ll filter into discipline on their part to continue to take it up more than we’re presently seeing. But as you heard us earlier, umbrella is presently rising at about 10%. The only line in casualty that seems to have a difficult time finding bottom is D&O. The rest, however, are showing strength.
Mike Zaremski: Yeah. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I just got one number here. Our U.S. business, our casualty lines are up a 4-point third quarter versus second quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Cox: Hey. Thanks. So appreciate all the guidance on the Brokerage organic. I was just curious about the components. I think in the beginning of this year, you guys had talked about maybe it was a third, a third, a third exposure, new business and pricing. I was just curious how you guys expect that might unfold in 2025.
Doug Howell: I think it’s going to be half new business in excess of lost business and I think that it’s going to split the rest of it between exposure and rate.
Rob Cox: Okay. Got it. That’s helpful. Yeah. Just curious, maybe it’s a little bit tough to go through all the comments, but it seemed like maybe international retail decelerated a little bit more than the U.S. this quarter. I guess I was just curious also on your views between international and U.S. Retail going into next year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think you’re going to see strong international growth. That’s where our strongest component is right now and that does not seem to be backing off. So, if you look at our prepared remarks, we talked about the fact that we’re a good part of our growth this quarter was international considering finance.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I mean, our Australia and New Zealand operations killed it this quarter. So, they’re up nicely. Canada’s a little flattish. I mean, if you…
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah.
Doug Howell: … want to do that, if you look at the U.K., there was a mixed issue there in the third quarter also that you could see through. But by and large, I wouldn’t say that there’s tatters anywhere that are causing us concern.
J. Patrick Gallagher: International is up 10% this quarter. And Doug’s comment’s right. The lead by New Zealand and Australia.
Rob Cox: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Doug Howell: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question, embedded within your fourth quarter guidance, the 8% Brokerage organic, is there any assumption for an impact on continued commissions from the recent storms?
Doug Howell: Yeah. We don’t think we’re going to be heavily impacted, maybe a couple million bucks from the storms. But that wouldn’t move that. Maybe it moves at 10 basis points.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then within the guidance, right, I think, you guys said 6% to 8% Brokerage for next year. Are you assuming -- what are you assuming for the benefits business, right? I understand there was some seasonality this year. Are you just assuming it’s kind of in line with the rest of the segment? I know you typically wait a little longer to give the bi-segment guidance, but just because that’s brought on some volatility this year, I wanted to get a sense of where you think that will head next year?
Doug Howell: Listen, if you want to pick the midpoint of that range, maybe benefits is around 5% and reinsurance is around 9%, something like that, when you’re looking for a couple points on either side of the midpoint.
Elyse Greenspan: For next year.
Doug Howell: Yeah. For next year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, with the M&A, I know like yield flow rate has probably been a bit lighter through the first three quarters, right, then what we’ve seen in prior years. Do you guys think, just given it’s a presidential election year, has that caused, I guess, a slowdown in just the closing of transactions and are you expecting more activity in the fourth quarter early next year? How do you guys see things on that front?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think if you take a look at -- this is Pat. If you take -- if you look at the general marketplace in terms of acquisitions, there’s been a bit of a slowdown in general across the Board for the last year. We’ve got a great pipeline. In my experience, we’ve got one of the best pipelines we’ve ever had. So I think that possibly when the discomfort, if you want to call it that or concentration on this election finally ends, clearly if the Democrats get in, I think there could be a rush for the door. I don’t know what happens in the case the Republicans win, but at any rate, I think when things settle out, we do think there’ll be continued great opportunity and I do think that there’ll be a return to a little bit more robust market.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I think we are going to be -- I think if you looked at a year-to-date in 2021, we were closing around 17 and 2022, we closed 19. Year-to-date 2024, we’re at 27. Yeah, last year we closed 37 year-to-date with these tucked in deals acquisitions. So it was a little slower this quarter, but I think as you heard from Pat’s pretty detailed comments, our pipeline is terrific right now.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one on like that corporate line within the Corporate segment, Doug. I thought you said that it was worse, right, than September IR Day because of the FX re-measurement, but that reversed in the fourth quarter, but then the Q4 guide…
Doug Howell: That’s right.
Elyse Greenspan: … for Corporate did change. Are you just not modeling that in yet?
Doug Howell: Yeah. That’s a good point. We might be a little bipolar on that. We might have been able to schedule a couple extra pennies on that line for the reversal of what we saw at the end of the third quarter, but that bounces around quite a bit. So I think that we’ll see what happens again. So we just didn’t feel like for a couple pennies it was worth changing that number.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse.
Doug Howell: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Peters: Yeah. Good afternoon, everyone. Just building on your…
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Greg.
Gregory Peters: Yeah. Building on your last answer on acquisitions, one of the things that struck out or stuck out to me, I should say, is when I was going through the supplement was the weighted average multiple for tuck-in pricing of acquisitions came down a lot in the third quarter. Is there any -- maybe you can just help me understand what happened, why the multiple came down, because I don’t feel like multiples are coming down in the marketplace. And Pat, in your prepared remarks, you seem to emphasize your price discipline a little bit more than usually referenced in talking about tuck-in acquisitions?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. When we prepared the remarks, Greg, we did discuss whether in the past we’d been undisciplined. What I said…
Gregory Peters: Understood.
Doug Howell: Yeah. No, I think it’s just a good reminder. We have a lot of people listening to these calls, our own people included, and a lot of acquisitions, we try to maintain a good discipline around the pricing and we seem to strike a fair balance between that and the great people that join us.
Gregory Peters: And the multiple for the third quarter acquisitions came down materially. It’s like I felt like…
Doug Howell: Yeah. I think…
Gregory Peters: … I took a step back in time.
Doug Howell: One of those acquisitions was not priced, what I would say, it was priced a little under market because we have some opportunity to help get better.
Gregory Peters: Okay. Another sort of nitpicking item, you were going through your earnings press release and I was going through the adjustments to earnings to get your adjusted EBITDA. I’m Page 5 of Brokerage. And one of the things that stuck out to me is just the huge jump up in workforce and lease termination related charges in the year, this year versus last year, and the third quarter versus the third quarter last year. Is there something going on, on a bigger scale? Is this more offshoring that’s going on or maybe you could just help, I know it’s a small item inside your income statement, but maybe you could just give us a sense of what’s going on in that place?
Doug Howell: Greg, I’m sorry. Go ahead.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I was just going to say, Greg, you hit on the offshoring thing is really continues to be a very strong play for us and you’ll recall years ago, we started with a very small group. We’re 12,500 people strong there now and as we do acquisitions and go across the Board, illustrating the type of quality and the speed with which we can do things like issue certificates, there’s pretty quick adoption. It’s pretty good.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I think you’re seeing -- Greg, you’re starting to see the flywheel just getting stronger and stronger as we benefit from scale, we benefit from technologies that we’re deploying and we’re benefiting from our offshore standards of excellence. It just gives us an opportunity to continue to optimize our workforce. And so, I think you’re seeing that this quarter, yeah, popped up a little bit, because we have some opportunities to optimize our workforce. So, you’ll see that from time-to-time.
Gregory Peters: Great. And then just step back, macro question, and this will be the last one. I know your commercial customers set their budgets for the year. In the past, given the robust rate increases that you’ve had to sell, it seems like the market’s beginning to stabilize a little bit more than, say, for it was two years ago. How are the budgets -- when you hear from your customers, how are the budgets changing for their insurance spend? Is it -- you’re seeing more flat budgets? Are you still seeing them assume…?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No.
Gregory Peters: … increases? Give us a sense of what’s going on there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Really not flat, Greg, for two reasons. Exposure units, thankfully, are continuing to grow. This is why we go through our daily review of the things that are coming through audits, et cetera. We’re seeing a robust economy and that’s clearly in a big part of the middle market. And so, from SME all the way through large accounts, we’ve got the data on that. People are expanding their exposure units, so budgets are going up. Secondly, we’re very, very cautious. We are not leading customers to believe that there’s any kind of nirvana relative to rates. That is not what’s happening. We show them our detail that we go over with you quarterly. Property is up 4%. General liability is up 6%. You may not deserve that. That may not hit your P&L. But on the other hand, you may deserve 25%. And this is a rational market and we’ve got to talk through that, which leads us right into discussing how much you retain, what you bring back into the coverage stack that you might not have had before. And that’s where the real strength and art of being a broker is, is understanding that appetite for risk that each individual account has, working with those primary buyers to decide how they’re going to get their best spend and it’s not a discussion all around rate by any means.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I think you take the chaos out of the pricing cycle and have this rational pricing cycle that we’re seeing right now. Our guys will show the tools and capabilities that we have, and that will shine through and differentiate ourselves. That’s why when I said before that I see a better new business versus lost business year next year than we’ve even seen in the last couple of years.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And by the way, to that point, Greg, we can take clients into our data now and I think you know this. We can say clients like you buy this and their quotes and cover looks like this. And by the way, their costs are this. Well, why is that? Think about selling or buying a house on the street. One’s been taken care of, looks pretty darn good, has street appeal. The other looks like junk. Guess who gets the better price? Why don’t we try to get you looking more like the house on the street people want to buy? And that, back to my point of art, is what it’s all about to be a good broker and that’s why when we get a rate environment like this, I feel very confident talking to our salespeople about we better see some increased sales, folks. Let’s go.
Gregory Peters: Fair enough. Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Dean Criscitiello with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Dean Criscitiello: Hi. I was hoping if you guys could provide maybe some additional color on the sequential decrease in the organic growth in Brokerage, especially in the context of that renewal premium change holding up pretty strong sequentially.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think, I said earlier that, our first quarter is strong, because it’s a heavy reinsurance quarter, right? We’ve talked about some of the life insurance being a little lumpy. But if you bounce those two things out of there a little bit, again, we’re running around 7.5% organic growth each quarter. So while it looks like that on the face, yes, we’re at 6% now, but we warned that there was a 4-point of headwind against that. Also, we’re not seeing substantial rate differentials, rates between the quarters. So really underline it when you carve out the seasonality of a couple of our businesses, some of the mixed differences between when property renews versus when casually renews, the life lumpiness. You got to take our word for it. It’s pretty steady underlying other than that those things that I’ve said. So it’s pretty steady right now underlying.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. And if you want to go back three years or four years, D&O is up 300%. So by line, by geography, these rates do make a difference. They move. So we’re not seeing a D&O renewal anywhere near 300%. In fact, it’s off 5% or 6%. So the percentages do move. This is not an environment where you say for the next 10 years, good news is it’s 4% a quarter, bing, bang, boom.
Dean Criscitiello: Got it. That makes sense. And then my second one, a few of your competitors have made some large acquisitions to help, improve their middle market capabilities. And I was wondering what implications do you think that have on the competitive environment going forward, sort of being that you guys are a dominant player in that space?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t think it has any impact, to be perfectly blunt, on our business at all.
Dean Criscitiello: Okay. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Dean.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon. Doug, did you give early margin thoughts for 2025 for Brokerage and Risk Management?
Doug Howell: I have not. I will in December as we go through the budget. But I will say this, we post 6% to 8% organic growth next year. It’s there, Mark. There’s an opportunity for us to continue to get better. Our scale advantages are coming through our technologies, using the offshore centers of excellence. It still gives us an opportunity in an environment that we’re seeing with current wage inflation, with current inflation and in other categories of our spend, that we continue to have opportunities to get better and better. And when you’re punching out 6% to 8% organic growth, the underlying margins will absolutely have opportunity for expansion.
Mark Hughes: Very good. And then, did you give organic, broken out by the wholesale components and then reinsurance? I think you might have given those collectively at up 8%. But do you happen to have the components of that?
Doug Howell: Yeah. Listen, some of like our affinity businesses might be at 12%. Some of our program businesses might be around that 6%. I think our open brokerage is somewhere around 9% -- 8% or 9%. The reinsurance is somewhere around 8% or 9% this quarter. So I would say other than a couple, maybe the affinity business just a little better this quarter and maybe the program business just a little below that 8%. But the reason why we lumped them together and it was just to shorten the script, but there’s not a lot of difference when you’re looking at around 8%.
Mark Hughes: Understood. And then any comment, Pat, on the mixed shift out of admitted into the E&S line?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I think it’s very -- it’s a really interesting one, Mark. I think we’re seeing continued tremendous submission supply into our wholesaling operation RPS that has not slowed down, which is really interesting and we are not seeing accounts flowing back to the primary market in any great extent. So the excess and surplus market, which we know has gobbled up a big chunk of the P&C market over the last five years, 10 years, seems to be continuing its growth and it’s maintaining its accounts. And I think that’s, we’ve got people in RPS that bring more than just pricing to the deal. There’s a lot of expertise there. There’s a lot of layering and structuring that goes into some of these deals that your local retailer, ourselves included, quite honestly, 50% of our wholesale business goes to RPS. That’s for a reason. So I think it’s both professional capabilities, as well as market access, and that market is still growing nicely.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Scott with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Scott: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, I mean, when I hear what you’re saying about reinsurance and the strength and growth there, the wholesale business seems like it’s growing very nicely as well. When I look at the 6% and I guess run rating closer to 7% and change, but does that mean, I guess, it obviously means that the businesses other than reinsurance and wholesale, like the more core retail is doing something lower. Is there anything that’s causing some of the price there to not flow through? Is that just maybe some of the property deceleration we saw? I’m just trying to understand, that piece of it specifically. What are some of the trends you’re seeing and puts and takes headed into next year for the core retail piece of it?
Doug Howell: Yeah. Always keep in the back of your mind our benefits business. That business is running around 5%. Take out the large life cases and stuff that bounce around a little bit. So as that -- as you think about those that are above that, 7% range. Yeah, you’ve listed them, but you also have to remember that the benefit businesses naturally runs down below that, that level. Some of our actuarial services businesses run a little bit lower than that. But as I look across the organic, across all the operating, we mentioned that Canada was about flat. But by and large, there’s a few that offset each other. But it’s not like there’s any one particular area that is systemically running below that level right now.
Alex Scott: Got it. And maybe if we can go back to reinsurance. I mean, the growth rate you’re anticipating sounds pretty robust there despite the flight pricing. And I just want to see if you could add some color around that. I mean, does that have to do with demand? Can you talk a bit about what you’re seeing in terms of your clients’ demand for reinsurance?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I think demand seems very, very strong, which is good news for us. Also, I think our level of expertise in helping clients in a market environment where there is capacity and they can move around how they play in that capacity. It’s a very strong demand for our consulting capabilities around reinsurance. What’s the next move for the carriers that are our customers? So you have both. You’ve got demand. I think you have more utilization. There’s strong growth at the primary level and all that flows up into the funnel for reinsurance. And as one of the top three players in that business, we have a lot of good prospects on the list.
Alex Scott: Great. Thanks for the responses.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Our next question is from Katie Sakys with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Katie Sakys: Hi. I apologize. Thank you for the question. There might be some background noise. There’s a fire going on right now. I want to circle back to the subject of valuations. You’re thinking about acquisitions in the middle market that are really concentrated in excess of $15 million of revenue. We’ve seen a couple of those lately and the multiples on those deals have been a lot higher than we’ve seen in the past. I was curious how that compares to what you guys are seeing for those larger middle market deals and whether your appetite to participate in larger acquisitions has shifted at all?
Doug Howell: Listen, I think that there’s no question the larger you are, probably the higher the multiple might be for somebody that’s out there looking for an opportunity. But when we look at our tuck-in acquisitions, I think that people understand that we’ll pay a fair price. And the advantage is they get to stick with us. They come in and they get to work inside of a broker. It’s a broker selling to a broker. They understand that if they decide to take our stock, that they get to participate in equal form as you do, as I do, as Pat does, everybody else in this room. It’s one stock for every person. They get our resources. They get to put their employees and their clients into an environment where actually joining us is going to deliver considerably more career value and more insurance value to their customers. So many times they look at it and they say that they get the opportunity to continue on doing what they’re going to do and so they get excited about a 10, 11 or 12 multiple. That’s the reality about it, is they’re making a great return for their family. And they know they get to continue doing it with us for as long as they would like to do in their career and that’s valuable to them, too. Don’t forget that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let’s also take a look at the landscape. We don’t talk about this, I think, enough because the big deals get big headlines and they are big platforms. We estimate there’s 29,000 agents and brokers in America. Last year, business insurance -- last July, business insurance ranked the top 100 in the United States. Number 100 did $30 million in revenue. So there’s 28,900 brokers in America. That’s firms, not people, that are out there trading. And that’s why we say 90% of the time, which continues to be consistent over the last decade, when we compete in the marketplace, we’re competing with somebody smaller. And it’s probably less than 10% of the time, really, that we’re competing with Marsh and Aon, who are the only larger brokers in the world today. It’s not that we don’t compete. There’s a robust market at the top end. When you think about that, we can use our funds, as Doug says, at lower multiples. We can have 100 of these opportunities in our pipeline. We can be pricing out 70 of them and possibly put on a $1 billion of revenue with people that want to join us, haven’t joined somebody else, want to bring their culture and their people aboard a culture that fits and matches theirs. As Doug said, a Brokerage run by brokers. It doesn’t get the press, but it seems like a pretty good strategy and a good use of our cash does.
Katie Sakys: Got it. Thank you so much for the comment.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. You better evacuate, Katie.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Motemaden: Hey. Good evening. I just had a question in Brokerage and the contingents were up 24% on an organic basis. I was wondering if you could just talk about what was driving that in the quarter.
Doug Howell: Yeah. Listen, I think that when you’re talking about that, it’s another $7 million or $8 million of where it developed from. We just had, between our benefits business and our U.S. Retail business, that’s where we picked up a few extra contingents in the quarter or our estimation for those contingents in the quarter. So there was nothing special in there. Again, we might give a couple million of that back next quarter because of the storms and floods, but by and large, it -- I would say around the possibility of what could have happened, it was a few million dollars in both of those businesses.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That’s helpful. And then I guess just a bigger picture question. I heard the commentary on the term sheets being prepared or in the process of getting signed with $700 million of revenues. Do you have any stats historically on just how many of those are closed, like what percentage of those closed in the next year? Just to help us level set how much the contribution could be going forward?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I really don’t. Here’s the thing. Every one of these is a very interesting story unto itself. You’ve heard me say, I think the longest time we spent talking to a client, talking to a prospect and getting to know each other was 20 years. Sometimes they happen in a quarter. Sometimes they take a couple of years. And but when we get to pricing and we get to putting together a letter of intent, we’re getting serious. And that’s a deal that’s going to get decided in the next six months. I don’t really have a stat on how many of those do close, how many don’t. It’s a full-on sales process. It’s just like selling insurance, frankly. If you don’t have a lot in the hopper, you’re not going to close a lot.
David Motemaden: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We feel very good about these 60. You can ask me this every quarter and I will try to give some color. Right now, we feel very good about the deals that we’re proposing right now. I would think we’d have a good shot at an awful lot of those.
David Motemaden: Okay. That’s good to hear. And then just finally, so it sounded like the U.S. Retail, P&C organic, it sounded like that slowed a little bit. I think it was 5%, if I heard that right, and I think it was 6% last quarter. Was that just the large account property business that you were talking about that has reaccelerated here in the fourth quarter?
Doug Howell: Yeah. Listen, I’m just looking at my sheet here. If it moved, it moved a 0.5 point one way or another. We did have more. First quarter was just a little bit better than that, but second quarter is about the same number as what we’ve got right now.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Grace Carter with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Grace Carter: Hi, everyone. I was hoping we could talk about the contingents a little bit more. Just given the ongoing conversation around the casualty market, I was wondering how you all are thinking about any potential risk of maybe some of the pressures from the casualty line that we saw in contingents last quarter resurfacing over the next few months?
Doug Howell: If it did, we’re talking a few million bucks. I mean, I wouldn’t call that as being a systemic issue that we’re going to have to face. Just like with the storms, it’s a few million. There are some corridors, that -- we do have caps in our contingents. And so sometimes, if there is -- if the carriers have, let’s say, maybe loss -- more losses than they had hoped, it may still let us get to our full contingent level because there’s caps on that. So, right now, we’re not seeing a lot of pressure from that, not only in our past book, but as we look forward in the book. If carriers continue to strengthen their casualty rates the way they have been and what we’re hearing from them, what we’re reading about what they’re saying, it should maintain our contingent level also.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And just a quick follow-up on the lumpy life sales. If I’m understanding correctly, you all are expecting pretty much all of the timing issue to work itself out in 4Q or should we expect any sort of lagging impact from that in early 2025 as well?
Doug Howell: What I said is already here in October, we have recouped half of what had been the timing that had come out of this first quarter and second quarter, excuse me, second quarter and third quarter. So we’re going to pick up. So far, it’s half. We think that we’ve got a pipeline maybe to recover it all between now and the end of the year and then we’ll start over again. Just like every other sales organization, we got to start over next year and go out there and see if we can gin up some opportunities. But this product is becoming more and more necessary for many not-for-profits in order for them to be competitive in their executive benefit package. So this is a product that we think has long legs over the next many years -- several or many years.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Grace.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Oh! Great. Just a quick follow-up on life insurance. So just ballpark, what percentage of your Brokerage revenues are life insurance and I don’t know if you want to break it out into this new product that might be more lumpy or just growing faster over time than traditional life?
Doug Howell: The lumpy business that we’re talking about is about $125 million business.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Okay. And -- okay, that helps explain why it could move organic that much. Okay. Thank you. That’s all. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike. I think that’s it, Operator. Thank you again, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We had an excellent third quarter and we’re well on our way to delivering another excellent year of financial performance. I’d like to thank our 55,000 colleagues around the globe for their hard work and dedication to our clients. We look forward to speaking with you again in person at our December Investor Meeting in New York City. Thank you very much for being with us this evening. We’ll talk to you then.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The Company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer the information concerning forward-looking statements and risk factors sections contained in the Company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2024 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, other members of the management team and the heads of our operating business divisions. We had an excellent second quarter. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments we posted 14% growth in revenue, 7.7% organic growth and 8.1% if you include interest income. We also completed 12 new mergers totaling $72 million of estimated annualized revenue. Reported net earnings margin expansion of 35 basis points, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 102 basis points to 31.4%. GAAP earnings per share of $1.70, up 15% year-over-year, and adjusted earnings per share of $2.68, up 19% year-over-year, another great quarter by the team and right in line with the expectations we provided at our June IR Day. Moving to results on a segment basis, starting with the Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 14%. Organic growth was 7.7% at the midpoint of guidance, and above 8% if you include interest income. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion was 98 basis points at the upper end of our June IR Day expectations. Let me give you some insights behind our Brokerage segment organic. And just to level set, the following figures do not include interest income. Within our PC retail operations, we delivered 6% in the U.S. and Canada, 7% in the UK, Australia and New Zealand. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of about 3%, that would have been 5% without the timing impact from some lumpy life case sales. Shifting to our reinsurance, wholesale and specialty businesses, overall organic of 12%. This includes Gallagher Re at 13%, UK specialty at 10% and U.S. wholesale at 11%, excellent growth, whether retail, wholesale or reinsurance. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the PC insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance marketplace. Global second quarter renewal premiums, which include both rate and exposure changes, were up about 5%. So no change from what we discussed four weeks ago at our June Investor meeting. Renewal premium increases continue to be broad-based, up across all of our major geographies and most product lines. For example, property was up 2% to 4%, general liability up 5% to 7%, umbrella and commercial auto up 8% to 10%, workers' comp up 1% to 3%, D&O down about 5%, cyber was flat and personal lines up over 10%. So many lines are still seeing strong increases. Moving to the reinsurance market and mid-year renewals. Property reinsurance renewals saw modest price declines concentrated at the top-end of reinsurance towers due to the increased capacity from both traditional reinsurers and the ILS market. Offsetting this was underlying exposure growth, combined with increased demand, resulting in flat year-over-year premium for reinsurers overall. U.S. Casualty renewals saw terms and conditions tightened and some modest price increases. Reinsurers continue to heavily scrutinize submissions given the industry's unfavorable prior year reserve development and reinsurers view of the current loss cost trends. In our view, insurance and reinsurance carriers continue to behave rationally. Raising rates the most where it is needed to generate an adequate underwriting profit by line, by industry and by geography. We continue to see this differentiation in our data between property and casualty lines. Carriers believe property maybe close to approaching price and exposure adequacy. And thus, we are seeing property renewal premium increases moderating, but mostly within large accounts. Underlying that accounts with premiums around $1 million or greater are seeing renewal premiums flattish year-over-year. Yet on the other hand, in the small and mid-sized client space, where we are an industry leader, we are seeing increases of 7% for the second quarter. Shifting to casualty classes, we are seeing the greatest renewal premium increases and signs of these increases advancing. In fact, global second quarter umbrella and commercial auto renewal premium increases are in the high-single digits, and there is little differentiation by client size. We have been highlighting worsening social inflation, medical expenses and growing historical reserve concerns for quite some time. And thus, we continue to believe further rate increases are to come in casualty. While renewal premium increases are rational carrier response in the current environment, our clients have experienced multiple years of increased costs. Having a trusted adviser like Gallagher can help businesses navigate a complex insurance market by finding the best coverage for our clients while mitigating price increases, and that's our job as brokers. Moving to comments on our customers' business activity. During the second quarter, our daily indications continue to show positive mid-year policy endorsements, audits and cancellations, similar with last year's levels across most geographies. So activity remains solid, and we are not seeing signs of global economic slowdown. Within the U.S., the labor market in balance remains intact with more open jobs than unemployed people looking for work. And with continued wage growth and further medical cost inflation, employers remain focused on attracting and retaining talent while controlling costs. So I see solid demand for our services and advice in 2024 and in 2025. Across the brokerage operations, I believe we continue to win market share due to our superior client value proposition, niche expertise, outstanding service and our extensive data and analytics offerings. Frankly, the smaller local brokers that we are competing against, about 90% of the time, just can't match the value we provide, and that is leading to more net brokerage wins for Gallagher. So when we pull all this together, we continue to see full-year 2024 brokerage organic in the 7% to 9% range, and that would be another outstanding year. Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Revenue growth was 13%, including organic of 7.7%. Adjusted EBITDAC margins were 20.6%, up 120 basis points versus last year, and in line with our June IR Day expectations. We continue to benefit from new business wins, outstanding retention, increases in customer business activity and higher new rising claims. Looking forward, we see organic in the next two quarters around 7% and margins around 20.5% that would bring full-year 2024 organic to 9% and margins to approximately 20.5%, and that, too, would be an outstanding year. Let me shift to mergers and acquisitions. We completed 12 new mergers during the second quarter, representing about $72 million of estimated annualized revenue. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us, and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Looking ahead, our pipeline remains very strong. We have around 60 term sheets being signed and prepared, representing around $550 million of annualized revenue. Good firms always have a choice, and we will be very excited if they choose to join Gallagher. Let me conclude with some comments regarding our bedrock culture. Last month, we reflected on the 40th anniversary of becoming a public company. Michael Bob Gallagher, Chairman and CEO at the time, knew above all, we must maintain our unique culture of teamwork, integrity and client service. Those values are captured in the 25 tenets with the Gallagher Way. Thanks to all of our global colleagues that live and breathe the Gallagher Way day in and day out. Our culture is stronger and more vibrant than ever, and it's our culture that continues to differentiate us as a firm and help to drive an average annual total shareholder return of more than 16% over the past 40 years. That is the Gallagher Way. Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today, I'll start with our earnings release. I'll comment on second quarter organic growth and margins by segment. Punchline is we came in right in line with our June IR Day commentary. I'll also update you on how we are seeing organic growth and margin shape up for the second half of the year. Then I'll shift to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our IR website, and I'll walk through the typical modeling helpers that we provide. And I'll conclude my prepared remarks with a few comments on cash, M&A and capital management. Okay. Let's flip to Page 3 of the earnings release. Headline Brokerage segment second quarter organic growth of 7.7%. Again, that's right in line with our June IR day, where we forecasted a range of 7.5% to 8%. Notably, we would have been above 8% if a few large live sales had not shifted from second quarter to later in the year. We signaled this possible timing to our June IR Day. So again, no new news here. Recall that we also foreshadowed in late June a small headwind from contingents that adversely impacted all inorganic by about 25 basis points. And finally, just a reminder, that we don't include interest income and organic. If we did, that would have pushed organic higher by about 40 basis points. We believe the investments that we have made in people, sales tools, niche experts and data and analytics are leading to strong new business production and favorable client retention across the globe. Additionally, the insurance market backdrop remains supportive of growth. Pat said renewal premium changes 5% in the quarter. However, our July's renewal premium change thus far is above second quarter. And with an active hurricane season predicted and noise around U.S. casualty reserves growing louder again this quarter, it's not unreasonable to expect mid single-digit or greater renewal premium changes in the second half of 2024. So our organic investments, combined with the insurance market conditions, continues to support our 2024 full-year Brokerage segment organic outlook. We are still seeing it in that 7% to 9% range. So now flip to Page 5 of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. Second quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was 33.1%, up 98 basis points over last year and at the upper end of our June IR Day expectations. Let me walk you through a bridge from last year. First, if you pull out last year 2023 second quarter, you'd see we reported back then adjusted EBITDAC margin of 32.1%. Second, you need to adjust for current period FX rates, which had a very limited impact on margin this quarter. So 2023 adjusted FX margin was also 32.1%. Third, organic and interest gave us nearly 110 basis points of margin expansion this quarter and then the impact of M&A and divestitures used about 10 basis points of margin. That gets you to second quarter 2024 margins of 33.1%, and therefore, that's nearly 100 basis points of brokerage margin expansion. That's really, really great work by the team. As we look ahead to the second half of 2024, we are still expecting margin expansion in the 90 basis points to 100 basis points range. So third and fourth quarter will look a lot like second quarter. Recall, first quarter 2024 still had the roll-in impact of the Buck acquisition. So the math for full-year 2024 will show about 60 basis points of full-year expansion, but that would be about 80 basis points full-year without Buck, which feels about right, assuming we posted organic in the 7% to 9% range. Let's move now to the Risk Management segment and the organic and EBITDAC tables on Pages 5 and 6 of the earnings release. Another excellent quarter. We saw solid new business, fantastic retention and growing claim count. We posted organic of 7.7% and margins at 20.6%, both were right in line with our June IR Day outlook. Looking forward, as Pat said, we see organic in each of the next two quarters around 7% and margins around 20.5%. If we were to post that, we would finish the year with organic of 9% and margins of approximately 20.5%. That also would be great work by the team. Turning to Page 6 of the earnings release and the corporate segment shortcut table. Adjusted second quarter numbers came in just better than the favorable end of our June IR Day expectations. All of that was due to some favorable tax items within the corporate expense line. All right. Now let's move to the CFO commentary document, starting on Page 3, a few comments. First, foreign exchange. The dollar has weakened over the past month, so please make sure you incorporate these updated revenue and EPS impacts from FX in your models for the Brokerage and Risk Management segment. Second, Brokerage segment amortization expense. Recall, while this impacts reported GAAP results, we adjusted out so it doesn't impact adjusted non-GAAP earnings. This line can also be a bit noisy from time to time. Late this quarter, we received updated third-party M&A valuation estimates on a third – or excuse me, on a few recent acquisitions and also made some balance sheet adjustments at the end of the quarter. You'll see that in Footnote two at the bottom of the page. Looking forward, we expect amortization expense of about $155 million per quarter. Again, all of that is adjusted out, but it does cause some noise in the reported GAAP results. Now it's the risk management amortization and depreciation line. Here too, we received updated M&A valuation estimates for our recent acquisition, which is also described in Footnote five. The net impact to non-GAAP results is about $0.01 to EPS this quarter. Going forward, we are now expecting a lower level of depreciation and amortization as a result of that M&A valuation report. Turning to the Corporate segment on Page 4, no change to our outlook for the third and fourth quarter. Flipping to Page 5 to our tax credit carryforwards. It shows about $800 million at June 30. While this benefit won't show up in the P&L, it does benefit our cash flow by about $150 million to $180 million a year, which helps us fund future M&A. Turning now to Page 6, the investment income table. We call this modeling help breaks down the components of investment income, premium finance revenues, book gains and equity investments in third-party brokers. And as a reminder, none of these items are included in our organic growth computations that we present on Pages 3 and 5 of our earnings release. The punchline here is not much has changed from what we provided at our June IR Day. We are still embedding two 25 basis point rate cuts in the second half of 2024, and we have updated our estimates in this table for current FX rates. When you ship down on that page to the rollover revenue table, second quarter 2024 column, the subtotal shows $128 million and $142 million before divestitures. The $142 million was better than our IR Day outlook due to a few acquisitions performing very well during June. Looking forward, the pinkish columns to the right include estimated revenues for M&A closed through yesterday. So just a reminder, you'll need to make a pick for future M&A. Moving down on that page, you'll see Risk Management segment rollover revenues have been updated for our early third quarter acquisition. For the next two quarters, we expect approximately $20 million and $15 million, respectively. Please make sure to reflect these additional revenues in your models. Moving now to cash, capital management and M&A funding. Available cash on hand at June 30 was approaching $700 million. When combined with our expected free cash flow in the second half of 2024, which is typically stronger than the first half, we are well positioned for our pipeline of M&A opportunities. In total, we continue to estimate we could have $3.5 billion to fund M&A opportunities during 2024 and another $4 billion in 2025, all while maintaining a solid investment-grade debt rating. And remember, if we don't spend it all, it opens the door for share repurchases as well. Okay. Another excellent quarter and fantastic first half of the year. Looking ahead, we see continued strong organic growth due to net new business wins, a large and growing M&A pipeline, and many opportunities for productivity improvements. Add that to a winning culture, and I too believe we are very well positioned to deliver another terrific year here in 2024. Thanks to all the hard work by the team, and back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Operator, do you want to open it up for questions, please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question is on the wholesale organic growth. You guys said it came in at 11% in the quarter. I believe the IR Day guide was 7% to 9%, and I think that reflected the slowdown you expected in open brokerage, I think, on the property side. So what changed relative to that guidance, and how the results came in, in the quarter?
Douglas Howell: Listen, we had a terrific finish to the end of June. Submissions were up 31% during June. There is a – clearly a continued use of wholesalers. We're not seeing really any significant shift back to the primary market and the submissions were up and so our guidance is up.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then you – at your IR Day, you also had said when we think about next year, that it feels a lot like 2024. I think the assumption right is perhaps something still within the range of 7% to 9% organic in brokerage. I'm assuming that still remains the case, if you could confirm that. It's obviously been a few weeks. And then if that's the case next year, if this year's margin expansion was 80 basis points without the Buck and M&A noise, would that be the rule of thumb in terms of margin expansion for next year if you're in the 7% to 9% organic growth range?
Douglas Howell: Well, yes, let's reaffirm that we see next year, it could be very similar to this year. Let's see what happens with hurricane season, casualty rates, interest rates, the election. So there's some unknowns that are happening, but we still think that next year feels a lot like where this year will come in. When it comes to margin expansion, let us work on that a little bit during our budget season. We'll start that before our September IR Day. We should have a good idea in October. But there's nothing systemic out there that would cause us to believe that in a 7% to 9% organic environment, you could see margins up in that 75 basis point to 100 basis point range.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then my last one. You guys said – you said you have $3.5 billion to fund M&A this year. How much did you spend in the first half of the year? And given the pipeline that you guys see, does it feel like there might be some buyback this year? Or is it still kind of TBD?
Douglas Howell: So I think we've spent around $700 million thus far this year. We have some commitments out there. Do I see us having some buybacks? Maybe. We do have the large earn-out payable that's due right after the first of the year also. That's generally – we don't include that in that number. We kind of anticipate that, but that – we'll see. I just got off the phone an hour ago with one of our M&A bird dogs here in the U.S., and he's really starting to feel upward pressure on opportunities for M&A. There are some that are sitting there thinking that we'll see what happens with the November election. If it goes Republican, there's a lot of proposals to drop the capital gains rate maybe down to 15%. So you might have people that try to push that into January. If the Democrats win, then there might be a push to get things sold before the end of the year. So we're sitting very similar to where we were before an election three and a half years ago and where we were seven and a half years ago. There is a lot of uncertainty on M&A flow that revolves around the presidential election. So I think we've got a great shot of using it all. And if not, we'll take a look at what happens on share repurchases.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Zaremski: Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. I hope this question makes sense. But on the pricing environment, you always give good commentary on the renewal premium changes and you kind of give it overall and by product line. And so the RPC, right, has decelerated more recently to around 5%, how is that interchanging with your organic growth? Why is there a bigger delta now between your organic and RPC versus what we saw early this year and last year?
Douglas Howell: All right. So a great thing and maybe we haven't talked about it directly for quite a few quarters, but you always have to think about the opt-in, opt-out of the buyers' behavior. When prices are going up, buyers opt out of coverages, which might mean they increase the deductible, lower a limit or just don't buy certain coverages. As prices start to moderate or slower amounts of increases, they tend to opt back in. They reduce their deductibles, they raised their limits and maybe they buy coverages and they said, we just couldn't afford before. So if you go all the way back into our investor materials, there is always a delta between rate and exposure and what our organic growth is. And so that's why in periods when you see property is up 12%, we're not growing our property lines by 12%. They're growing 7%, 8%, 9% that's actually our revenue. So you always have to remember the opt-in, opt-out impact. Then the other thing to do is you got the dynamic of large accounts versus mid-market and small accounts that can influence that. So we're giving you a feel of what's going on in the market, but the behavior of our actual customers can vary depending on – by rational buying behavior. Prices go down, I buy more. Prices go up, I buy less.
J. Patrick Gallagher: As Doug said – let me hit on that as well, Mike. Let's not forget what our job is. So Doug hit right on it. When rate and exposure looks like it's up 12% and you say, well, how come you're not seeing that write in your renewal book? Our job is to mitigate that. And we start right with that promise like wait a minute, here's where we see the market coming. A good broker gets out in front of this with their clients' months. Here's what we see in the market, here is what's coming, what are we going to do about it? Let's take retentions up. Remember, you dropped to cover before now it's time to add it. So there's a lot of moving parts between those two numbers.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. And obviously, it's great you guys disclosed it. And so I guess I just want to put a final point on it. So is it fair to say that you're doing a good job for your clients and on a year-over-year basis, it's putting out a little bit of, I guess, pressure on your organic year-over-year? And separately related rate [indiscernible] do clients have the same amount of flexibility as they do in other lines that would cause the RPC disconnect to continue?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, definitely. Absolutely. Number one, yes, if you throw me the softball, we're doing a good job for our clients, the answer is going to be best in the business. And we think these numbers show that. And we think the growth numbers show it. Absolutely. And yes, you'll continue to see always some change between what's being reported as growth in units of exposure and premium rates based on what we do. And the tools in our toolbox are unbelievable. So do you want to look at a captive? Would you like to take your attention up? It's not just, do you buy insurance or don't. Let's start with the things that maybe are the last things you should insure and the first things you'll self-insure. There's a lot of that work going on with our people every single day. By the way, that appetite for risk is very individual. It's not prescriptive. You can't take a book, there's no AI that says, Oh, an auto dealer has this much appetite for risk based on the number of cars in a lot. It's not how it works. So that's where our profession comes in and dealing with those people, and then our advice is critical. It's not just, well, I'm pretty bold here. I think $1 million retention makes a lot of sense. Wait, wait, wait, we think it looks better this way. And that's what we get paid to do.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And just lastly, pivoting to reinsurance. To the extent you have a view, one of the largest reinsurers today put out some data kind of showing that reinsurance demand. I mean you guys have done a great job not only taking market share, but kind of being able to keep your organic high because of that demand, increased like mid teens-ish this year. And if we kind of think about what's going on in personal lines, there's a lot of inflation. So just curious, would you expect kind of demand for reinsurance. I don't know if you think all the way into 2025 yet, but to remain at kind of pretty high levels relative to historical and relative to this year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It'll go up. Yes, I do for a lot of reasons. I think that you're going to see the opportunity to buy more at prices that look more reasonable. And there have been cutbacks in the purchase of certain. The other thing is that these nuclear verdicts are real, and people are seeing that and they're going, it doesn't cost us much to buy on the high-end, the top of the tower, it does downward there's a lot more activity. And I still want to be sitting here with some goofball jury comes up with a $1 billion award.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. So coming as seaside too, maybe more demand. Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Peters: Hey, good afternoon everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hey, Greg.
Gregory Peters: I guess for my first question, during your Investor Day, you spoke about net new business wins and clearly, your results reflect that. I was wondering if you could give us some more color on how the quarter shaped up and how we should think about your net new business in the second quarter versus, say, the net new business wins in the second quarter last year or some additional metrics around that?
Douglas Howell: Well, it'll take me a minute to dig it out, but I can tell you that June year-to-date, we've actually expanded the spread between new and lost by a full point. And I think that's probably the best way to look at it. The absolute numbers are kind of irrelevant. Our non-recurring is also coming back. Before some of the non-recurring revenues might have been putting just a slight drag on organic, but now they're actually being in line with just our recurring business. So you're seeing an expansion of our spread between new and lost. How do we see that going forward? Greg, it gets more and more complicated. I actually think our team will do a better job showing our wares and our capabilities in a more of a stable rate environment versus kind of some of the chaotic rate environment that we've been seeing over the last few years. We've developed – we spent so much money on resources in the last five years. Three of those were consumed with COVID. Two of those have been consumed with some chaotic market behavior. Put our guys on a field with kind of calm rate environment, a client that's not trying to just save their business and rebuilding it after COVID, I think you'd be amazed at the digital and data and analytics and expertise. And now bring our reinsurance folks into bear, stack them up with our wholesalers, I got to tell you, it is a compelling offer at the point of sale that I would think that would absolutely deliver better net new business, more new, less loss as our clients really see the capabilities that we have built over the last five years. Arguably, maybe we've spent $1 billion in capabilities over the last seven years, something like that. So that's going to come out at the point of sale and give us a little calm in the market, and I think you're going to see our new business continue to go up.
Gregory Peters: Excellent color. Thank you. One of the things you've also talked expansively about in the past is the offshore centers of excellence. And this kind of dovetails with the opportunities for margin expansion. Is it your sense for Arthur J. Gallagher that you sort of maximize those opportunities? Or do you see further potential to – for more opportunities in offshoring to help drive some margin improvement?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, this is Pat, Greg. Let me take the operational side of that, and I'll throw the ball to Doug for the numbers and any kind of discussion there. But everywhere I look, I see opportunity and unbelievable benefits from using our centers of excellence. We started off checking policies 20 years ago with 12 people. We now have 12,000 people supporting over 400 services in 100 countries. It is unbelievable the level of professionalism that they help us attain. And that is a differentiator at the point of sale. It's a differentiator when we're recruiting. It's a differentiator in everything we do, and I don't see any sense of that slowing down or not being something that continues to expand. It's not just about replacing heads by any means. It's about having the people that should be doing things, doing them and freeing up those that should be doing other things, giving them the time to do that, which I do think feeds into retention and new business. So I think the – our centers of excellence are a unique product offering back to Doug's point about all the things we've invested in I think they are a very beneficial add to our sales list of things we provide at Gallagher. And as we grow through acquisitions alone, everyone of those people join us and we immediately start plugging them into this resource, which is another one of the reasons they join us. So to me, it's a very differentiating thing that we do. I think our team there is absolutely spectacular, and I'll let Doug address the numbers.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think if you talk about the growth path of our offshore centers of excellence, I think remember they work only for us. They're an integral part of our team. There isn't that they or we they are us. If you look at some of our outlook, if we're going to be $20 billion of revenue, there'll be almost 30,000 folks there. So the growth path of our India and other area service centers will grow faster than the headcount in our other areas. But more importantly on this is we've been on this nearly 20-year journey now to standardize, make our operations consistent. It really is going to allow us to deploy AI into that environment. AI is terrific when you have consistency of information and repeatable behaviors and processes. And we have that, and we've spent nearly 20 years doing this. We have a jump, I believe, compared to most by almost a decade. And I think that some of the tests that we're using with AI now will make our folks there better, will make the different type of job for our folks in the centers better, it will make our sales folks better, our service folks better. And I can speak, and I've got 57% of my entire global finance, worldwide finance team operating out of there, and I can see it going to 80%. So it is going to be a service and sales differentiator for us because of the hard work we've put in for the last 15 years.
Gregory Peters: Thanks for the color. Just a point of clarification. And I probably should know this number, Doug, but I don't remember. On the capital management side, you said, well, listen, if we can't do the deals, you get through your earn-out, you might consider share repurchase. When was the last time you guys were active in share repurchase?
Douglas Howell: Well, let's see, it probably was maybe in 2000, when was Brexit? 2007 or 2008 years ago, whatever Brexit was.
Gregory Peters: Okay. All right. No, no. Thanks for the answers.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Greg.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
David Motemaden: Hey. Thanks. Good evening. I just had a question. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the July RPC acceleration that you mentioned, Doug, maybe just a little bit around the lines. Is it property moderation kind of pausing, or is a casualty acceleration? What's going on there?
Douglas Howell: Well, actually, a little bit of both. We actually saw it in property. And actually, property is a pretty heavy quarter for us here in the second quarter. If you think it's about a third of our business, I think here in the second quarter, it might comprise 50% of our mix. So property in July. We did see a slight tick up. I'm talking a point or so. I'm not talking about is five or eight points. It's one point to two. Casualty rates are showing some, I wouldn't say acceleration. We used the word advancement in terms of where they are because – but they're steady. We'll see what happens with the – with pricing here in the second half of the year coming out of the carriers. So I would expect that to advance more. So not a jump up, but certainly, again, our dailies, they come out overnight. I looked at it last night, and we're seeing a tick up on both property and on casualty.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thanks. And there was a line in the press release on the adjusted comp ratio that caught my eye, just where you noted savings related to headcount controls. That's the first time I've seen that in, I can't remember how long. I'm just wondering, is that a – I guess, is that to do with – something to do with the offshore centers or is this more of a concerted effort to show some margin expansion as we think about this year and into next year?
Douglas Howell: I think that the answer is this. First of all, if you look at what we did during COVID, we actually took out quite a few folks, and we've been hiring back since then. Our business has grown into that. We haven't stopped hiring by any means, so it's not an indication of everything. I think the teams just are seeing of their workload models that we're probably okay staffed in the environment that we are right now. So I would read that into it, but nothing systemic, but just maybe that we've hired back into the capacity that we need in 2023.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just sneaking one more in. Just on the contingent commission accruals that you guys had made the true-up to this quarter. I guess, we have seen a lot of noise this quarter on casualty reserves, particularly on the more recent years. I'm wondering how you feel about the potential for more of those reserve adjustments to come through and how that might impact the contingents?
Douglas Howell: All right. First of all, on the supplementals, we've done pretty well year-to-date. Contingents, we did have some development that happened. We're probably not accruing as, I don't want to use the word bullish, but I will for the second. And as we were – as maybe we could. Casualty, we're cautious on it. Some of our programs and some of our binding operations, you got to be a little bit careful on performance-related compensation there. But I don't see a systemic shift in how we believe that our total compensation is going to happen. Maybe some bumps a little bit per quarter, but we're talking a couple of $3 million on a $130 million number year-to-date. So it's pretty small.
David Motemaden: Yes. Understood. Fair. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. On the risk management business, maybe we've gotten used to the elevated growth for quite an extended period of time, the 7% in the next couple of quarters. Could you maybe just talk about the growth environment there relative to what it might have been in prior years? And what's your expectation? Is this a little bit of a lull? Or is this a good number?
Douglas Howell: Right. So first of all, let's make sure you asked about the history is that I think in 2022, we posted about 12% annual organic growth, 2023, it was – excuse me, 2021 was – it was 12%, 2022 was about 13% and last year is pushing 16%. This year, if we get 9%, we did talk about a couple of very large wins that we had that incepted in mid-2023. What we're seeing in our book of business right now is actually reassuring, not that we need reassurance. This is a great near double-digit grower and has been for a very long time is we're starting to see more and more opportunities in that $2 million to $10 million type customer a year. If you look at the amount of new business sales that are happening relative to, let's say, five years ago, it's nearly doubled now. We're double the size, too, but the carriers are beginning to understand that we offer a highly customizable solution. Self-insureds are seeing that our outcomes are better. So I think that there's a market awakening that we – when we pay nearly $12 billion or $13 billion primarily workers' comp and general liability claims that would be one of the top five, six, seven tiers in the U.S. as measured by total claims paid. So the expertise customizable services is becoming more and more known in the industry. So we're getting many more trips to the plate. Maybe a couple of fewer home runs, but I think we're going to see a lot of doubles and triples out there. So I wouldn't call it a lull because we're in now 9% this year, but we did have two years of some pretty big wins in there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But we wrote all the big ones. That's not, but [indiscernible] is a lot more difficult, more lumpy than the stuff we're seeing now.
Douglas Howell: Yes.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Understood. And then the any way to break out the – within the wholesale to open brokerage versus the MGA and binding?
Douglas Howell: Yes. Listen, I think that right now, open brokerage is maybe in that 11% to 13% range. And I think that binding and programs might be in the low-mid-single digits, something like that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Mark, what I'm – what I'm most impressed with and pleased with is the fact that you're seeing that open brokerage number keep moving in nice double digits. My experience with these types of markets, especially with property is that the first line you kind of see submission slow down, people sort of stay where they are. There is a – our submission count is up substantially for the quarter, for the month, for the year. We are not seeing business flow back to the primaries. So the I think change that we've seen that were excess and surplus is becoming much more of the norm and where people want to check out what a wholesaler can do, and then we earn that business, we're not losing it. So submission counts are up, retention rates are up, new business is up, and that's pretty exciting.
Mark Hughes: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks. Yes. Just a question going back on the opt-in, opt-out dynamics. Just curious, does that flow through net new business and that's what's kind of driving the one point higher, you said June year-to-date of net new business? Or is that something else entirely?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think some of that flows back – well, so for instance, a good example of that is a lot of our public entity clients, and as you know, we're very, very sizable in the public entity sector. They just work off a budget. And if the primary premiums are rising, they're taking bigger retentions, they're dropping limits, and they don't – they're not necessarily comfortable with that. So when the opportunity to buy those back up comes up, and they had an extra layer, they expand their coverage, oftentimes, we will call that new business. And at the same time, we're facing the renewal reductions on the stuff that stays with us. But it is a factor of what's available and what their budget restraints are.
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think it's a little tough for us. If they write a new cover and it goes through a different – if an existing client writes a new cover that goes through our wholesale business, that would be new business. If it's a change in premium level or like a slightly lower deductible or slightly low – higher retention, that would go as renewal change. It's a little tough sometimes to split that apart. But – so part of it goes to new business. Probably if I were going to guess, maybe 20%, 25% goes through new business and 75% would go through the renewal premium change.
Robert Cox: Okay. Thanks for walking us through the nuances there. And then just on the revenue indications from the audit endorsements and cancellations, those are remaining positive. Just curious if the rate of change on those is either accelerating or is that decelerating at this point?
Douglas Howell: All right. Great question. So on the surface, we're about the same as they were last year second quarter. But what happened last year's second quarter, we actually had quite a bit of endorsements that came out of the mini banking crisis. You were seeing a lot of banks increasing their D&Os in April of – March, April of 2023. We didn't have that repeat this year, probably a good thing we're not having that crisis. But interestingly, flat year-over-year, carve that out, that's still up pretty nice.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Ward with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ward: Thanks guys. I was wondering if you could update us on the progress with your integrated approach where you're going to market with multiple businesses at a time? I think you talked about leveraging programs, reinsurance and Gallagher Bassett together?
Douglas Howell: All right. So yes, there's some good program development going on that combines those three together. Then also, you're having the introductions that happen across the units. I think our introductions to our reinsurance folks coming out of our carrier relations folks to the carriers is working very well. We're seeing some nice wins on that. Getting our program folks integrally involved with the reinsurers to create the capital, find the fronting market, it's going very well, at least from the CFO's chair.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Mike, I think when we talked about that, we weren't talking about taking just individual accounts and saying the way we want to do this is all together now on the XYZ manufacturing company. What we're talking about is what Doug was hitting on. We're now meeting with insurance companies quite regularly, and we're saying, let's talk about the broad base of our relationship. And at that table are our reinsurance people, our benefits people, our service people on the claims side as well as the property casualty production and marketing folks. That is working extremely well for us, and that's really what Doug was talking about. Now at the same time, in RPS, looking across a broad base of programs. We are looking at those saying, okay, we've got about 250 programs in the company. Where are we not, a, doing the reinsurance, b, doing the claims and what should we be doing to make sure that our retailers are using those programs as well. So it's kind of a mixed bag, and it's not like we just take XYZ account to the market and say now it's all or nothing, or to the client and say it's all or nothing. I hope that color gives you a little bit of reference to what we were talking about the last time around as well.
Michael Ward: Yes. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And then second question was just on the political election scenario type theme. Curious if you have any other kind of tax credit generation prospects in the pipeline, and any, I guess, political risk to those in the near term that we see?
Douglas Howell: Well, most of our tax credits are already in the bank. So I think we feel pretty comfortable about that. What are we working on? I think that with 45Q that really was passed under the previous above – all above-the-line inflation reduction at, it's made the tax credit market much more common, much more defined, broader, but we're pretty well suited for tax credits for the next four to five years. I'm not – I don't think we need to plunge in to new tax credit projects right now because we just generate the credits and they sit on the shelf for four or five years. The team is working on it, and there are some exciting things that are happening out there across all forms of clean energy that are exciting. But I don't see us doing something big in the next 1.5 years. Let's burn through these credits first, and then we'll see about what we can do. And by that time, there'll be a robust market out there for tax credits. You can get insurance on it now that much more to ensure the credit. So that's a good change in the law. Right now, I think the law is pretty well suited for us to do something in a few years and probably not have to do it with a lot of capital investment into it either.
Michael Ward: Okay. So maybe if I'm thinking about it right, that – this dynamic should help bolster you in terms of, I don't know, having extra leverage in the M&A scenario if rates are cut. That should help sort of bolster your competitive edge, I would think. And do you have like a sort of update on the PE interest in the market?
Douglas Howell: Well, listen not to belabor the PE update. Like I said I just got off the phone with our bird dog. And I got to tell you, my soap box is that I had during the IR Day about the new, what I call less than transparent equity structures that PEs are now doing in order to buy nice family-owned brokers. I think there's starting to be more and more of – the curtain has been pulled back on that, and I think that sellers are really looking at. They don't have the same equity. At Gallagher, you got one equity, owners, employees, people that sell into the business and you on this call own the same equity across the board. That's not how it works now with the PE structures, and it all looks okay, do the models on it, looks okay, what happens if everything goes up in a linear line. Get a little bit of a down draft on that, and the people that give their family's lifetime of work to the PE firms get very little. And I'm telling you that is something that needs to be aware out there. And I think that when I talked at one of the bird dog today, he said, it's becoming more and more apparent to sellers they're getting the last spot of the trough.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me take another side of that too, Mike. Second quarter, I believe it was Marsh Perry put out a reporter Optus partners. There were 62 buyers of properties in the second quarter alone. There's a lot of private equity interest in our space. That's not stupid money. I do believe that the multiples have risen, that we've been paying for these properties because of that interest over the years. Having said that, I think the quarter was 20% down in actual transactions. So you've got maybe smarter money, maybe smaller amounts of money, but the transaction count is coming down. I think sellers, as Doug said, are getting a little bit more discerning. And I do think when you take a look at what's happened with some of the roll-ups who are now at a point where it's time to go public, and I won't mention any names, you know who they are, well, let's see how that goes. It isn't an easy slog, and I think sellers are seeing that as well. And by the way, it's pretty easy to join somebody that's going to change, nothing in your shop until they want to go public. Better, I think, as Doug said, and joined me that everybody from the family to you all as investors, you have the same stack. Now one other comment on this. When we do an acquisition, we give the opportunity for everybody in that acquisition from that point on to participate in this equity. We've got an employee stock purchase plan. We have an LTIP program for management and senior producers. We've got all kinds of ways for people to participate in our success and our growth. You sell to the PE people, the owners do great, PE investors hopefully do great, and that’s it baby. Well, I like our model.
Michael Ward: Awesome. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Grace Carter with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Grace Carter: Hi everyone. I wanted to start on the risk management guidance. I think you all mentioned maybe around 9% for the year. I think that the prior guide was maybe 9% to 11%. Could you go over maybe anything that's changed since we last spoke in June? Thanks.
Douglas Howell: I think the degree of difference on a full-year on – listen, we're talking about a couple of million dollars on the difference between the 9% and 10%. So I wouldn't say that it's made $5 million. So there's nothing that's just – we think that we've got better insight for the rest of the year and so that range is coming maybe to the lower end of it than the upper end of it.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And also on the brokerage organic growth guide, I think that you all had mentioned you are considering narrowing it maybe to 7.5% to 8.5% at the Investor Day. Just keeping it at a wider range of 7% to 9%, does that just reflect uncertainty in the environment? Or has anything changed since then? Or am I just reading too much into it entirely?
Douglas Howell: Maybe the latter. I think it's been four weeks since we talked to you. We just finally got one more data point, and that's the close of June. So we'll talk to you again in September. And either way, listen, anywhere in that range. Look at that, that's 7% to 9% growth on top of 9% last year, 9% before. When you go back in 2019, we grew 6% all in. anywhere in that range is a terrific year. And if we can repeat it again next year, it's another terrific year.
Grace Carter: Cool. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will be from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your questions.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two quick ones, I think. First, I was hoping – hopefully, we won't need to know this, but give us a sense as to the contingent commissions exposure to hurricane season?
Douglas Howell: No, it's very small.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Very small. Most of that hurricane exposed business, especially in Florida, is in the excess and surplus, Meyer, we're the largest excess and surplus broker, I think, in the state. A lot of that is – all that’s in the E&S markets and none of those are subject to contingents.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. That is good news. Second question, just looking for a brief overview of your appetite for additional acquisitions in personal lines, I guess, both within high net worth and beyond that?
Douglas Howell: Well, you're talking about personal line just being a pure auto writer, that's probably not what we're going to do. We're not great at it. We're an adviser. So if somebody is going to use us to use our advice to help them buy their insurance, that's the business of what we'd like to be in. High net worth on, we do a terrific job of it. I'm telling you our folks are some of the very best in the business, and that's an important spot right now. There's planes, there's boats, there's houses on sand bars, there's – how is on views that have landslide risk, high net worth needs an adviser probably as much as any complex mid-market commercial client. Just going on and trying to buy an auto writer, auto is probably not what we're looking to do. If it's going to be one of those things that it takes advice will be there in that space.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We're actually very excited about the stuff there. I think that's – it's, a Doug said, a real opportunity for us.
Douglas Howell: Well take your call, Meyer. Just go ahead, we'll help you out with it.
Meyer Shields: I've got a ping pong table. That's about it.
Douglas Howell: Well, there's a slip and fall on that one coming.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think that's our last comment. So just our last question, let me make just a few comments on the way out here. Thank you, again, very much all of you for joining us. I know it's a little late, and thanks to all of our Gallagher colleagues around the world for their hard work and their dedication. These quarters don't just happen. Thanks to your efforts, that means our people we're in a really enviable position our net new business is up. Our M&A pipeline is growing. I'm proud of the year-to-date financial performance. And as you can tell, I'm bullish on 2024 and beyond. So 40 years, 16% TSR, compound average annual growth rate, pretty good 40 years. I'm looking forward to the next 40. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws.
 The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward-looking statements and risk factors sections contained in the company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties.
 In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin. 
J. Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter '24 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO; and other members of the management team and the heads of our operating divisions. We had a great first quarter to begin 2024. 
 For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 20% growth in revenue, our 13th straight quarter of double-digit growth, 9.4% organic; Virgin acquisition rollover revenues of approximately $250 million. We also completed 12 mergers totaling nearly $70 million of estimated annualized revenue. Reported net earnings margin of 21.5%, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 37.8%, GAAP earnings per share of $3.10 and adjusted earnings per share of $3.83, up 17% year-over-year. So another terrific quarter by the team. 
 Moving to results on a segment basis, starting with the Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth of 21%. Organic growth was 8.9% and about 10% if you include interest income. Adjusted EBITDAC was up 18% year-over-year. And we posted adjusted EBITDAC margin of 39.9% a bit better than our March IR Day expectations. 
 Let me give some insights behind our Brokerage segment organic, and just to level set, the following figures do not include interest income. Our global retail brokerage operations posted 7% organic. Within our P/C operations, we delivered 7% in the United States, 6% in the U.K., 2% in Canada and 8% in Australia and New Zealand. And our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of about 8%, including some large live case sales that were completed in late March.
 Shifting to our reinsurance wholesale and specialty businesses, overall organic of 13%. This includes Gallagher Re at 13%, U.K. specialty at 10% and U.S. wholesale at 13%. Fantastic growth, whether retail, wholesale or reinsurance. 
 Next, let me provide some thoughts on the PC insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Global first quarter renewal premiums, which include both rate and exposure changes, were up about 7%. Renewal premium increases continue to be broad-based, up across all of our major geographies and most product lines. 
 For example, property was up nearly 10%; umbrella, up 9%; general liability, up 7%; workers' comp, up 2%; package, up 8%; and personal lines, up 13%. So many lines are seeing sizable increases. There are 2 exceptions within professional lines. First, D&O, where renewal premiums are down about 5%; and second, cyber, where renewal premiums are flattish. 
 These 2 lines appear close to reaching a pricing bottom, but combined, represent around 5% of our P/C business globally. So overall, our clients continue to see insurance costs increase, but our job as brokers is to mitigate these increases and deliver comprehensive insurance programs that align with their risk appetite and fit their budget.  
 Moving to the reinsurance market. First quarter dynamics were dominated by the January 1 renewal season where we saw stable pricing and increased demand for property cat cover. Reinsurers continue to exercise discipline and met the increased client demand with sufficient capacity. Importantly, the team was able to secure many new business wins while retaining most of our existing clients. 
 During April renewals, reinsurance carriers maintain their discipline, and with increased demand and stable pricing, we saw more coverage being purchased. Within property, more capacity was available at the top end of programs and the quoting of renewal process was disciplined and predictable. 
 The casualty treaty market saw stable pricing overall. However, carriers able to differentiate themselves through good management of prior year reserves were able to secure better reinsurance placements. Specialty class renewals were a bit more complex with some changes in terms and conditions. However, many clients were able to secure modestly lower pricing. 
 With that said, the tragedy in Baltimore may cause reinsurance carriers more pricing [ resolve ] throughout the rest of the year. Those interested in more detailed commentary on January or April renewals can find our first new market reports on our website.  
 In our view, insurance and reinsurance carriers continue to behave rationally. Carriers know where they need rate by line, by industry and by geography. We are seeing this differentiation in our data. Premiums are increasing the most, where it's needed to generate an acceptable underwriting profit. Great example of this is primary casualty, where we are seeing renewal premiums moving higher.  
 Global first quarter umbrella and general liability renewal premium increases are in the high single digits, including 9% increases in U.S. retail. A. M. Best recently maintained its negative outlook on the U.S. general liability insurance market due to worsening social inflation, medical expenses and litigation financing. We've been highlighting these dynamics for a while, along with hearing concerns around historical reserves, which leads us to believe further rate increases are to come in casualty.
 At the other end of the spectrum, we have property. As insurance and reinsurance carriers believe they are getting closer to price and exposure adequacy, we are seeing property renewal premium increases moderating. With that said, first quarter insurance renewal premiums were still pushing double digits. As we look out for the remainder of the year, increased frequency or severity of catastrophes could again move the market in '24.
 And while capacity was very challenging to come by during '22 and '23, we are now finding, when clients are looking to add coverage or limits, carriers are more than willing to provide additional cover. Notably, we are not seeing a change in the underwriting standards from our carrier partners. 
 While continued premium increases seem rational to our carrier partners, our clients have experienced multiple years of increased costs, having a trusted adviser like Gallagher to help businesses navigating a complex insurance market by finding the best coverage for our clients while mitigating price increases. That's what we do.  
 Moving to our customers' business activity. Overall, it continues to be solid. During the first quarter, our daily indication showed positive midyear policy endorsements and audits ahead of last year's levels across most geographies. So we are not seeing signs of a broad global economic slowdown.  
 Within the U.S., the labor market remains tight. Nonfarm payrolls continue to increase and more people are reentering the workforce. Yet there continues to be nearly 9 million job openings. Wage increases have persisted at the same time, medical cost trends are rising. With these dynamics, employers are focused on total rewards strategy to help them achieve their human capital goals while reining in costs. That's why I believe our benefits businesses will have a terrific opportunities in '24.  
 Overall, we continue to win new brokerage clients while retaining our existing customers. In fact, our new business production has been on an upward trend in recent quarters, and our retention is holding. We believe this is a direct reflection of our client value proposition, CORE360 and Gallagher Better Works, our niche expert service and our data and analytics.  
 Don't forget, we're competing with someone smaller than us, 90% of the time. These local brokers just can't match the value we provide. So putting it all together, we continue to see full year '24 brokerage organic in the 7% to 9% range, and that would be another outstanding year.  
 Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Revenue growth was 19%, including organic of 13.3% and rollover revenues of $14 million. Adjusted EBITDAC margins were 20.6%, up 140 basis points versus last year and a bit better than our March IR Day expectations. Our results continue to reflect solid new business, outstanding retention, continued increases in new arising claims across both workers' comp and liability and resilient customer business activity.  
 Looking forward, we continue to see '24 full year organic in the 9% to 11% range as our larger '23 new business wins have been fully onboarded. We now expect full year margin of approximately 20.5%. That would also be another outstanding year.  
 Shifting to mergers and acquisitions. We had an active first quarter completing 12 new mergers, representing about $70 million of estimated annualized revenue. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. 
 Looking ahead, our pipeline remains strong. We have around 50 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $350 million of annualized revenue. Good firms always have a choice, and we'll be very excited if they choose to join Gallagher.  
 Let me conclude with some comments regarding our bedrock culture. It's a culture that has remained constant through the decades of incredible growth. This is largely due to the 25 tenants of The Gallagher Way, which is entering its fifth decade next month. It is deeply rooted in the values of integrity, ethics and trust, which have been guiding us since 1927.
 Our culture is not just a differentiator, it's a competitive advantage. It attracts the right talent to our organization and the best merger partners and enables us to build enduring relationships. What makes me particularly proud is that I witness our culture in action every day as our employees demonstrate their commitment to our clients, and that is The Gallagher Way. Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug? 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today, I'll walk you through our earnings release. I'll comment on first quarter organic growth and margins by segment, including how we are seeing full year organic growth and margins in each of the next 3 quarters. Then I'll provide some typical comments on the modeling helpers we provide in the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website, and I'll conclude my prepared remarks with a few comments on cash, M&A and capital management.  
 Okay. Let's look to Page 2 of the earnings release. Headline, first quarter brokerage organic growth of 8.9%. That's a bit better than our March IR Day expectation of 8% to 8.5%. And remember, we exclude interest income. Including such, we would have shown about 10% organic growth. Looking ahead, we continue to see strong new business production and favorable client retention.  
 Combine that with further rate increases, a resilient economic backdrop and sticky inflation, our 2024 brokerage organic outlook is unchanged. We are still seeing full year organic growth in that 7% to 9% range. 
 Moving to Page 4 of the earnings release, to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. First quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was 39.9%, a bit better than our March IR Day expectations. The footnote on that page explains what we discussed in our January earnings call and again at our March IR Day. There is 90 basis points of roll-in impact from M&A, principally Buck, that naturally runs lower margins.  
 So on the surface, it is showing 30 basis points lower, but underlying margins actually expanded 60 basis points. Again, that improvement is a little better than what we forecasted in March. Let me walk you through a bridge from last year. First, if you were to pull out last year's 2023 first quarter, you would see we reported, back then, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 40.4%.
 Second, when we update that margin using current period FX rate, gets you to an FX adjusted margin of about 40.2%. And we've done that here. So you can see that in the 2023 column in this table. Third, deduct that the 90 basis point roll-in impact. Again, that's all due to the roll-in math. And let's -- just to be clear, these are not businesses with margins that are going backwards. 
 So that gets you to 39.3%, Compare that to the 39.9% we show today, and that gives you the underlying 60 basis points of margin expansion. That is really great work by the team.  As we look ahead to the following 3 quarters of '24, it is looking like we could expand margins in the 90 to 100 basis point range in each of the next 3 quarters. Let me give you some flavor on that. 
 First, as Pat said, Buck passed its 1-year anniversary, so that roll-in noise is behind us. Second, as discussed at our March IR Day, the carryover impact of raises given in 2023 is comparatively lesser over the next 3 quarters. And third, the reality is we are typically posting margins higher than most of our M&A targets. 
 While that slightly impacts what we report as margin expansion, we will do these mergers all day, any day. These are great businesses with terrific talent. And when we combine, we are better together. So to repeat, expansion in 90 to 100 basis points range in each of the next 3 quarters would get you to about 60 basis points of full year margin expansion. That assumes we would post organic in that 7% to 9% range and it still is allowing us to continue to make substantial investments in data analytics, sales tools, digital service and arming our sales and service folks with the best resources in the business.  
 Okay. Let's move to the Risk Management segment and organic and EBITDAC tables on Pages 4 and 5. Another fantastic quarter benefiting from new business wins and excellent client retention, 13.3% organic growth and margins at 20.6%. Looking forward, we are now lapping growth associated with our large new business wins from '23, and so we see quarterly organic for the rest of '24 in the 8% to 9% range. As for margins, the team has done a great job posting margins above 20% this quarter, and we believe we can hold that for the remainder of the year. That also is a bit better than our March IR Day outlook. 
 Turning to Page 6 of the earnings release, in the corporate segment shortcut table. Adjusted first quarter numbers came in better than the favorable end of our March IR Day expectations due to lower acquisition costs and some favorable tax items, primarily associated with stock-based compensation, and that's shown in the corporate line. 
 So now let's move to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website. Not much changes at all on Page 3 or 4 other than a few tweaks to a few numbers such as FX, noncash items, et cetera. Just do a double check with your models using these numbers. 
 Page 5 updates our tax credit carryforwards. It shows about $820 million available at March 31, and that we would be -- that we are benefiting our cash flows about $150 million to $180 million a year. Doesn't flow through our P&L, but still a nice annual cash flow benefit to help us fund future M&A.  
 Turning to Page 6, the top table. Recall, we introduced this modeling helper in January. It breaks down the components of investment income, premium finance revenues, book gains and equity investments in third-party brokers. Not much has changed from what we provided in March but we are still embedding 225 basis point rate cuts in the second half of '24. And we've also updated for current FX rates. 
 The lower table on Page 6 is rollover revenues. Blue column subtotal of about $228 million is very close to the $224 million we provided at our March IR day.  And remember, the pinkish columns only include estimated revenues for M&A through -- that we've closed through yesterday. So just a reminder, you'll need to make a pick for future M&A. 
 Also a little housekeeping. When you read Note 3 on that page, you'll see we had an estimate change related to some historical acquisitions that causes the gross up of revenues and expenses. It nets close to nothing, but it does flow through the P&L. We've adjusted these out, so there's no impact to organic adjusted net earnings or adjusted EBITDAC or adjusted EPS. 
 Moving to cash, capital management and M&A funding. Available cash on hand at March 31 was around $1 billion, which includes a portion of the proceeds from our February debt offering. So with $1 billion in the bank and expected strong future cash flows, we are still estimating we have total capacity in '24 of about $3.5 billion to fund M&A without issuing stock nor having to borrow much of any more.  
 As for 2025, it looks like we could fund over $4 billion of M&A with free cash and debt, all of this while maintaining a solid investment-grade rating. Okay. Another terrific quarter and start to the year. Looking ahead, we see continued strong organic growth, a growing pipeline of M&A, further opportunities for productivity improvements and a culture that makes us hard to beat. I believe we are very well positioned to deliver another fantastic year here in '24. Back to you, Pat. 
J. Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Operator, I think we're ready for some questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the brokerage segment. So organic, as you guys said, right, a bit better than what you expected in March. So close to the top end of the full year guided range, right, that you guys are maintaining that outlook, could you just give us a sense, do you expect growth to slow over the balance of the year? Is there some level of conservatism?  
 I mean, Pat, you seemed positive on the pricing environment. We saw a little bit like GDP numbers today come out. I'm just trying to think about how you put that all together and how you would think growth would trend within brokerage over the next 3 quarters. 
J. Gallagher: Well, I'm going to let Doug do the numbers. But yes, I mean, I think you're reading me right, Elyse. I'm bullish on the environment. We are not seeing a downturn in terms of our clients. They're employing more people. We're seeing robust client activity at Gallagher Bassett. That's a very good bellwether of what's going on in the economy.  
 Interest rates are up. The market hates inflation, but it's good for brokers and high interest rates help us as well in terms of the growth in revenues and head count and all the rest of it. So the fundamental business environment is really, really good for us. As far as the numbers, Doug, go ahead. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. Listen, we don't see much difference in each quarter going forward. We think we'll be in that 7% to 9% range, Elyse. We do have a large first quarter and it is heavily weighted to reinsurance. So you would naturally expect us to -- if we're going to be in that range, that maybe the first quarter is a touch above the next 3 quarters, but I wouldn't say it's anything meaningful. 
 And so we're in that 7% to 9% range each of the next 3 quarters, which would bring us in, in that range for the full year. So really nothing different than what we've talked about the last couple of times we've been with you. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then the second one is on margin, right? So a little bit, like you said, the Q1 was a little bit better than the March guide, but you previously had said, right, 100 basis points in the -- all three  quarters. Now it's 90 to 100 and the full year guide seems unchanged. Is it just maybe Q1 was a little bit better so now you're taking some of that to invest internally? I know it's a little nitpicky because it's still 90 to 100, but just trying to kind of square the updated out-quarter margin view with what you told us in March. 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I think that the CFO commentary document has kind of said 90 to 100, I think, consistently. If I said 100% of the last IR Day, I may have said towards 100 basis points. So I think our guidance feels, to us, about the same. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last one. The FTC, right, is looking to potentially remove noncompetes from -- I guess my question is two-pronged from both the ability, I guess, to bring folks into Gallagher and also considering the potential to lose talent to other players, how do you think this could impact the company if it does actually go through? 
J. Gallagher: Well, let me comment on that one. First of all, I think everybody saw that the U.S. Chamber has filed a lawsuit in Texas that's challenging this, and we're supportive of the Chamber's efforts. We think it's an overreach by the executive branch. 
 But having said that, if the new rules actually hold up, there's a count in noncompete agreements as part of the sale of the business. And so we see that rule is having a little impact, really, on our M&A strategy. And that's -- when it first came out, that was kind of my concern. Our agreements with our production staff do not contain noncompete provisions, rather we use non-solicitation clauses. 
 And there is a fine line difference there, but those cover clients and employees. And from our first look, we think those are going to remain enforceable. Having said all that, we want people to want to work here. The reason, this is why culture is so important. This is a great place to work, and we attract highly motivated salespeople and entrepreneurs that are passionate about doing what they do, and they want to leverage their expertise and capabilities.
 And we give them the data and analytics and the centers of excellence to work with. We arm them with way better armament that they get from being part of a local competitor. We're a great place to work. So while I don't agree with the FTC, and I do agree with the Chamber's position, we're supportive of that, for our business, I think it's a nonissue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. 
Michael Zaremski: Just as a quick follow-up on the FTC question. One of the top 10 brokers is on record saying that their California margins are a bit lower than the rest of the rest of the regions due to a little bit higher turnover, which might be due to [ Cali ] not having non-solicited noncompetes. Just curious, have you ever sliced and diced your California margins? And are they a little bit lower than the rest of the company? 
J. Gallagher: Sliced and diced every margin by every possible measure you can think of. And no, they're not a bit lower. We've been trading in California for 50 years. We love the state, we're big, big there, and our people love working there. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's clear. Switching gears to M&A. You guys -- and I've asked this in the past, but I'll just keep asking, because these are big numbers. So Doug, you said $4 billion of capacity for next year. That's clear. But these are just big numbers, $3.5 billion this year, $4 billion next year. Does this imply, if you look at, like, the top 100 list of brokers, I know that's just U.S., there's lots of overseas stuff. But just -- should we be thinking that you guys do some chunkier size deals as time progresses to be able to kind of fully deploy cash and debt? 
J. Gallagher: Mike, this is Pat. I think it's fair to say that when opportunity presents itself, we're not afraid. I mean, 10 years ago, we stepped up and bought Wesfarmers out of Australia for $1 billion. That was the biggest play we'd ever made, and had, in fact, some financing for it that's worked out incredibly well.
 I think our purchase of Willis was somewhere on the order of -- Willis Re was somewhere on the order of $4 billion. And last year, we spent a good bit as well. So we're not afraid to look at chunkier deals, but you hit on it. There's 100 top 100. There happens to be 29,900 in the United States alone that are smaller than that. That's where our activity is based most of the time. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think -- Mike, this is Doug. I think that we have a chassis now that we can bring on a lot of smaller acquisitions, nice family-owned businesses that realize that they can be better together with us. I think that our M&A integration process is pretty smooth, very refined, 700 deals over the last 20 years. So we've got that down. 
 And I think more and more, smaller or local brokers are realizing they can get the resources from us overnight that they've been wanting to have for maybe 20 years. So I think we have an advantage right now that family-owned broker now sees that they get to join us. This is their forever home. 
 They don't have to sell into a different model that maybe will flip them or sell them to a different owner or break them apart in order to get value. They see that what's being talked about of capabilities is real inside of us. And sometimes when they go to another quarter for them, they're saying what they're going to do versus what they have done. 
 So I think that we have the opportunity to increase the volume of that nice tuck-in deals that we see out there. And I think that our story is getting stronger and stronger every day. Higher interest rate, it does not help others reinvest into their business. We reinvest so much into our business day in and day out. 
 There are new ideas for tools and capabilities and the others just can't say that. They haven't done it. I don't think they're going to do it in a higher interest rate. So I think the volume of our tuck-in deals will increase. Will we spend $3.5 billion this year and $4 billion next year. Yes, maybe we'll see. I think we've got a good shot at it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: But Pat, I wanted to just talk about your comments you made on the property insurance side and on clients looking to add incremental coverage or limits and just how I can think about that as a potential offset to some of the moderation in property insurance pricing that you were talking about as well. Just help me think about the -- both of those factors and sort of how to think about that moderation and the impact that could have on your organic growth in the future. 
J. Gallagher: Well, first of all, I think that when you look at that, those were in the section of the prepared remarks that had to do with reinsurance. There's been a lot of demand the last number of years for cat covers and what have you that frankly were hard to meet. And that's why we talk about the fact that it was more orderly this 1/1. We were able to complete what people wanted more or less. 
 But there has been an appetite for more cover there that buyers and sellers have walked away from. But I think as we start to see pricing stabilize, become more predictable, that allows it to flow into their rating structure, et cetera. There's demand for more cover on their part, and we're meeting that demand. And I think that is offsetting some of the potential. 
 Now remember, we didn't see property rates come down this quarter. What we're saying is that the increase moderated. So I think that there's kind of -- on the retail side, if you're a retail buyer -- and remember, most of our book of business is the commercial middle market. Don't get me wrong, we do a lot of risk management business, but these tuck-in acquisitions and the like that we're doing are clearly middle market players. Those people don't have a lot of choice. They're buying full cover at higher prices. And if that moderates a bit, it's good for the client. 
Douglas Howell: Interestingly, David, we have -- we're seeing rate increases and the exposure unit increases in the middle and smaller market greater than we did in the larger account size whereas, say, you go back a year or so ago, it might have been just the opposite. So we're starting to see -- if you're talking about some rate moderation and the increase, it's starting to pick up a little bit in the middle and small market space.
 The second thing is, remember, if the rate moderates, our customers are very good about opting out of coverage or as much coverage as rates go up and then opting back in for coverage to buy more when rates are coming down. So we've never captured the full increase of the rate and we won't suffer the entire give back if rates moderate a little bit. So there's that opt in, opt out. We haven't really talked about that much in the last 5 years or so. But we're seeing customers opt back in to buy more coverage if there are some moderation in the increase of the rates. 
J. Gallagher: Also on the property side, back to that, David, you've got -- many years were 0 interest rates, not the last couple, but 0 interest rates left the schedules pretty much untouched. So you do have underwriters now being much more disciplined around the values, and that's pushing values up. So we've got the benefit of more values being insured in the property business.
 And my prepared remarks basically pointed out that property was up nearly 10% this quarter. So we're not seeing rates dropping. We're seeing rates go up in property a little less viciously. Now having said that, if the wind blows this fall, we're 1 month away from the start of the hurricane season, I'm just telling you all bets are off. I don't know what's going to happen. So for our clients sake, I hope that we have a benign season. 
David Motemaden: No, thanks for that. And yes, I do -- I was referring also, and you guys answered it, just the primary market, the moderation there. It is interesting to hear more about sort of that opt-in which I have not thought about. So that is helpful to hear about that. And then if I could just add 1 more, just 1 more question. 
 So it sounds like there were some large life sales that came through towards the end of March. Was that a pull forward from future quarters? Or I guess, sort of outlook on the pipeline of the life sales and just how that -- how you're thinking about that throughout the rest of the year. 
Douglas Howell: As probably more of the -- if you remember, in December, we had some push out of the fourth quarter. So I would say it might be more catch-up than it is pulling from the future. And we're talking about $5 million on a $3 billion revenue quarter. So it was -- it's not meaningful in any of our numbers. The difference. We love the business, but it's not -- it doesn't make a big difference in any of our numbers. 
David Motemaden: Got it. So that was in your sort of outlook range that you gave in March. So the upside this quarter was not just solely from the life sale? 
Douglas Howell: That's right. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. 
Mark Hughes: Pat, did you give the breakout for open brokerage versus the MGA or binding business within the wholesale? 
J. Gallagher: I did not. 
Douglas Howell: You got about 16% open brokerage this quarter. 
Mark Hughes: And then with the binding, I think it's been running mid-single digits. Is that… 
J. Gallagher: Higher than that. So more like 10%, 11%. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then anything on the workers' comp side? Or just waiting for signs of life there in terms of frequencies, severity, pricing? Is it more of the same? Or do we have some reason to think it could be in selecting? 
J. Gallagher: No, I think that's really interesting, Mark. In my career, that line has been, at times, pretty darn cyclical, and it is just as flat as a pancake. It's just going along. You might see 2 here, 3 there. And it's really just kind of flat. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katie Sakys with Autonomous Research. 
Katie Sakys: First, just kind of wanted to touch on the margin expansion guidance for the full year. If organic revenue growth were to come in higher than the current guide, whether that comes from the wind blowing and property rates reaccelerating or for something else, how much of that would you guys kind of envision letting fall to the bottom line? Like, should we expect to see greater margin expansion? Or are there other areas of investment opportunities that you guys would kind of like to see some progress made on. 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I don't think that our investment opportunities would be rolled out fast enough in order to spend more going into if we had to pop up in organic growth and starting in August, if something -- the wind blows or something like that. So I don't think we would have the ability even to ramp up on some of the -- some big investment opportunities to offset that additional organic growth.
 But I'm trying to do some mental math here. If we're up another 0.25 point in organic, it might produce another, in a quarter, to $10 million or $15 million if we had it for half a year, something like that, if I'm doing my math right. So I don't think -- it would probably naturally improve the margins a little bit. 
 I want to make sure we go back and clarify the question within wholesale, right? When you combine [ binding ] and programs, 11%. The programs are really more running around 2% to 3%. And open brokerage is in that 16% range. So just to make sure that we -- I answered 1 question, Pat has answered a combined question and just to break those 3 out, 16%, over 10% and low single digits on the program side. 
Katie Sakys: It's a helpful clarification. Just maybe as a quick follow-up. In terms of benefits from head count controls and client-related expense saves, are those things that you expect to persist as the year goes on? Or are those more specific to 1Q in particular? 
Douglas Howell: Listen, I think the team does a really nice job of looking at our head count controls. We have work model that show how many people we need to have, how many do we have. Do we need to hire in July, August and September, we can kind of forecast that. 
 Our retention's been very good. I got to say that when you look at it, our retention is better today than it was, let's say, in '18 and '19. So I think we've done a really nice job of taking care of our employees throughout this inflation period. So we're not seeing significant terminations here.
 So overall, I think our work planning models and our ability to kind of forecast retention has helped us not have to push and pull on the joystick there to see how many more we need to bring on, how many do we need to take off. So it's pretty steady right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. 
Yaron Kinar: I just want to touch on a couple of market questions, if I could. I think in the prepared remarks, you were talking about general liability and retail being up, like, 9%. If I go back to the investor meeting from, like, a month or so ago, I think you were talking about maybe seeing liability lines moving up to the 9%, 10% range over the course of 1 year or 2. So are you -- are we talking apples-to-apples here? Or are you surprised by the magnitude of improvement that you're seeing in liability lines right now? 
J. Gallagher: I think -- let me go back to my prepared remarks. We've seen umbrella in the quarter, up 9%, which is kind of in line with what we're talking about in March. GL 7%, and that's where I think probably we've got to look at our carriers and say, are there going to be some reserve challenges going forward. So the 7% seems pretty -- it seems pretty stable. Maybe there'll be a push up a bit. And package, which is, of course, property and liability together at 8%; where comp, really not much, 2%. I think that feels like it's going to be there for the year. I think you could take our March discussions and kind of update them 6 weeks later for those numbers. 
Douglas Howell: There's a tone of concerns that seems to be louder today in our interactions with carriers and clients around casualty rate adequacy. So I would say that what we were chatting about in January and February seems to be louder today -- that confirms to be a little bit louder today. And so I think that -- and we're just -- I don't know if I have enough data yet to say absolutely that there was a tone shift in March in our data compared to what we were seeing in January and February. 
 But when you look at some isolated situations, you boil that down with what we all read. When you combine that with what we hear in meetings with the carriers, we feel that casualty rates probably are more likely going up again in the next 3 quarters -- each of the next 3 quarters than we would see going down by any means. So there is a tone shift there. I just can't quite see it 100% in our data yet, but it seems like it's coming. 
Yaron Kinar: That makes sense. I appreciate the color. And then -- and I apologize if you've already addressed this, and I missed it. But we saw the stamping office data come out in March around E&S flows and in the [ REITS ]. And it seems like it was a little bit of a surprise and disappointment.
 How much of that do you think is noise? Are you seeing that slowdown in your wholesale business? Or is that real? And sorry, or is that just noise and you're kind of looking past that and still see a very strong E&S market? 
J. Gallagher: That is noise. Our E&S business is on fire. We are seeing submissions come in. We're renewing our business. I don't have any caution on that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I was hoping to start on the reinsurance side. I think you talked about 13% organic growth. And is there any way of breaking that down between maybe the increasing limits that are being purchased versus market share wins versus pricing? 
J. Gallagher: I don't have the actual stats on that. 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen. I will tell you this that we had a terrific new business quarter. Our teams are working together. I think we're starting to see some nice wins of working with our retailers on that. When you go down -- we were hearing a lot of great stories about teams settled in. When we look back and see it and try to measure our success on doing that merger. Our teams are working together. We're selling more new business. 
 Our retention seems to be pretty darn good on that. And I think the fact is customers are buying some more cover while you're seeing a little price stability maybe. So we're checking the box on everything that we've considered to be this to be a successful merger. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And second question, and clearly, I guess, the premise is we're not seeing any successful pressure on the part of carriers to reduce commission percentages. I was hoping you'd update us on efforts that are being made, even if they're not successful. 
J. Gallagher: No. I think that our partners are being very reasonable. We're not we're not having a lot of headbutting on that subject at all. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Cox: So I think in March, at the Investor Day, you guys were pretty optimistic on the potential for reacceleration in RPC in the remainder of 2024 due to higher exposure to property business and less workers' comp and the potential for casualty pricing increases. Is that still the case? Or is the property rate environment, with a little deceleration in the rate of increase, made you change your view a little bit? 
J. Gallagher: No, I think our view is unchanged. We're very bullish. 
Robert Cox: Okay. Okay. Got it. And then maybe sort of a similar question in some ways. But if we strip out reinsurance, is the touch lower organic guide for the remainder of the year the same? Or do you think ex reinsurance, what would you say, for the trend of organic growth ex reinsurance? 
Douglas Howell: Well, yes, I think just because reinsurance is a little more skewed seasonally to the first quarter, it did help us, let's say, get from 8% to 8.9% this quarter, right? We do have some pretty good April 1 renewals coming in, so we'll see that in the second quarter. So I think we'll get the benefit of reinsurance a little bit in the second quarter, even though it's not as big percentage-wise as the total amount of our revenues. 
 And then in the third and fourth quarter, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens with the wind. Hopefully, there's not a shake anywhere else in the world. But right now, that's why I say, I feel pretty comfortable each quarter in that 7% to 9% range because reinsurance did help, but it wasn't like it moved us from 6% to 9%. It moved us up 75 basis points, something like that this quarter. 
Robert Cox: Got it. And if I could sneak 1 more in. In the Brokerage segment, could you remind us how much you're reinvesting in the business annually and what you're spending it on? 
Douglas Howell: Well, it's a laundry list. I mean, first, you start with our people. I think that our training, our development, our internship program, I think bringing on more producers, we are seeing lots of interest in joining Gallagher by experienced producers out there. I think they see that the organization has a lot to offer for them. 
 Then the next thing you'd look at is technology. We're spending a ton on technology that both enables us to sell more, right, enables us to service better. Those numbers are probably -- the projects on the sheet could be $75 million, something like that. When I look at this year's budget, some of that's capital, some of that is operating expense. 
 Like, [ looking ] back, we're spending about $75 million a year on cyber today. If you go back 5 years ago, we were spending about $15 million on that. So the fact that we're investing in infrastructure improvement, cyber and other infrastructure improvements. Then you get down into the data and analytics. We are hiring more and more people every day that help us slice and dice our data, look at industry statistics and bring a better delivery of that data through a digital platform to our customers.
 My guess is we're spending $30 million a year on those efforts. And then you look at AI now. There's starting to be a lot of AI projects inside of the company that are starting to deliver some yield. And so we're spending $5 million a year kind of on AI-related activities out there. So you add all that up, it can get to $200 million to $300 million pretty quickly in what we think we're doing to make a better franchise going forward. 
J. Gallagher: I'd like to emphasize what Doug -- I've got a lot of listeners on this call. I'd like to emphasize where Doug started this. Most of that spend is, in one way or another, directly related either to making our service offering to our clients better, and we happen to know, for instance, that our digital offerings from small accounts through the risk management accounts, connectivity, things like Gallagher Go or even a middle market client can see what their policies are, what's going on with their buildings, et cetera, et cetera, are being incredibly well received.
 And we're rolling things out like that literally every quarter, so that's spend. And then you get into the data and analytics. And if you'd asked me 5 years ago, clients would really care that much about being able to tell them what people like you buy? Oh my God, they care. And then they want to know the rate structure and they want to know why.
 And when I started -- when I was selling insurance day to day, I tell them they had a good deal because Hartford quoted and so did CNA. Buy the cheaper one, let's move on. Or I'd have a reason why they should stay where they were, but I don't [ have ] capability of saying, here's what's happening in the world market. It's incredible.
 And remember what we said in our prepared remarks, 90% of the time our people go out and they're fighting against somebody who's substantially smaller and doesn't have any of this, let alone $200 million to $300 million to reinvest in more of it. I mean, it's just -- it's an incredible advantage. I appreciate the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ward with Citi. 
Michael Ward: Kind of a similar question, but specifically on reinsurance. Just curious where you guys are in terms of the innings of getting that business where you want it to be. 
J. Gallagher: It's really where we had dreamed it would be. The team is incredibly solid. We're not having defections. We've got -- what's been fun about that is that there's a remarkable interest in having continued relationships and building relationships with the retail side of the house, which is what we predicted. 
 We predicted it, we did it that we would be, not only getting data and analytics, but we'd be working together, and we've seen that impact on existing, for instance, pooled accounts that were the biggest and probably the longest running pooling broker in the country, especially in the public sector business, been incredibly helpful, the dialogue back-and-forth. That's just 1 example. 
 But -- and the business now I think they really feel like they're part of the enterprise. They're not the new kids anymore. There's always a period when you come to school and you're the new kid. You're the new kid, right? Well, that's not it anymore. I mean, you see them in the hall, they recognize the retailers, they recognize me, Doug, whatever. And the opportunities to invest in data and analytics there and the thirst for that from their clients, tremendous opportunities, and it's working out incredibly well. 
Michael Ward: And then maybe just one last one on group benefits. Kind of curious if you can sort of discuss how the renewals have gone and how top line is trending from your perspective. And I guess the -- what's the tone like among the customer base in terms of health of the economy and then hiring and labor? 
J. Gallagher: Well, interestingly, like, the tone from our clients is there's a large amount of concern. And we're sitting with clients that, a, in some instances, don't know why they have turnover. And we're able to get in and do some data analytics around what's going on with them and where -- what's going on there. So a very deep concern about wanting to hold on to their top people. 
 We also have an awful lot of people just trying to attract people to fill jobs. Pick stuff off of racks, serve tables, whatever, and that's difficult. So they're trying to differentiate themselves in that regard. And there's a lot of concern on their part around cost. Medical inflation is real. Those costs get passed directly back to the employer. Then you've got the whole problem of inflation. Inflation is difficult. 
 So I think what it's doing is it's making our professionals far more valuable than the local person that comes out and says there are 4 of us in the office and we're really good at this, and let me show you a PPO and maybe I can get another quote for your insurance. That's just not cutting it anymore. And that's not -- I'm not talking about 5,000 live cases here. The people that are employing 100, 150, 200 people, they need this kind of help. So it's a very robust period for us, and it is a difficult time for employers. Where are they going to get the right people to fill the jobs and then how do they hold on to them. 
Operator: And our last question is coming from Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. 
Michael Zaremski: Just a quick follow-up. You guys always give color on umbrella, lots of people do. Just curious, is there any way you can dimension what percentage of your business is umbrella? 
Douglas Howell: I can dig it out. Did you have a second piece of that? 
J. Gallagher: Do you have another question, Mike? We'll dig on that for a second. 
Michael Zaremski: No, I -- that was my only question. 
J. Gallagher: We're looking here. 
Douglas Howell: So let's see, in '23, I would say, it makes up 6% of our business. 
J. Gallagher: Well, I think that's it for questions. If I can just make a comment here. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon. And I would like to thank our 53,000 colleagues around the world for their efforts. Their hard work and dedication is evident when we report another fantastic quarter of growth and profitability. 
 As I look ahead, I remain very bullish on our prospects and believe we are well positioned to deliver another excellent year of financial performance. We look forward to speaking with the investment community at our IR Day. Thank you again for being with us this evening. Have a nice evening. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-26 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on the listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward-looking statements and risk factors sections contained in the company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter '23 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had a strong fourth quarter to wrap up another fantastic year. All measures were right in line with what we said during our December IR Day. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 20% growth in revenue, headline 8.1% organic growth, but that's more like 9.4% controlling for the 606 accounting and large life case timing. We also had a terrific merger and acquisition quarter. We completed 14 mergers totaling $410 million of estimated annualized revenue. GAAP earnings per share of $0.30 and net earnings margin of 2.8% were impacted by the counterintuitive earn-out payable accounting that Doug will elaborate on in a few minutes. So, better to look at it more on a comparable basis. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.22, up 23% year-over-year, and we posted an EBITDAC margin of 30.1%, up 69 basis points over fourth quarter '22. What a terrific quarter to close out an incredibly good year by the team. When I think about our growth for the full year, we are up 18% in revenue, that's an increase of $1.5 billion. That's amazing. Moving to results on a segment basis, starting with the Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 20%. Organic headline was 7.2%, but I see it more like 8.7% without the accounting and timing noise, and 11% if you include interest income. Adjusted EBITDAC was $647 million, growing 21% year-over-year, and we posted adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 48 basis points. Let me give you some insights behind our Brokerage segment organic, and just to level set, the following does not include interest income. Our global retail P&C brokerage operations posted organic of 8%. This includes about 8% organic in the U.S., 8% in the U.K., 5% in Canada, 10% in Australia and New Zealand. Our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of 2% or 6%, controlling for the timing of those large life cases. Shifting to reinsurance, wholesale and specialty businesses, overall organic of 14%. This includes Gallagher Re at 12%, U.S. wholesale at 12% and U.K. specialty at 16%. So, all of these are very similar to what we were seeing throughout the year. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the P/C insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Global fourth quarter renewal premiums, which include both rate and exposure changes, were up 8.5%. That's in-line with the 8% to 10% renewal premium change we have been reporting throughout '22 and '23. Renewal premium increases continue to be broad-based, up across all of our major geographies and most product lines. For example, property is up 15%, even in a slow cat property quarter. General liability is up 6%, workers' comp is up 2%, umbrella and package are each up about 10%. Shifting to the reinsurance market. 1/1 renewals were orderly reflected a more balanced supply-demand dynamic. Continued strong demand for property cat cover was met with sufficient reinsurance capacity from existing reinsurers and cat bonds. Importantly, reinsurers continue to exercise discipline on pricing and terms, not giving back the structural changes achieved last year. In casualty, while there was adequate supply, most casualty treaties experienced pricing pressure. Specialty lines renewed mostly flattish. However, coverage limitations continued on war-related products. So, in our view, insurance and reinsurance carriers continued to behave rationally, pushing for a rate where it's needed to generate an acceptable underwriting profit. Property is still needing rate. And more and more, we're hearing about the need for rate in casualty lines. If prior year development turns into a big concern, we think it could be a multiyear journey of rate increases. All that said, always remember, our job as brokers is to help our clients find the best coverage while mitigating price increases. So, not all these renewal premium increases ultimately show up in our organic. Moving to our customers' business activity. Overall, it continues to be strong. During the fourth quarter, our daily indication showed positive midyear policy endorsements and audits ahead of last year's levels. So, we are not seeing a slowdown. The same strength is also evident in the U.S. labor market with continued growth in non-farm payrolls and low unemployment rate, which is why I believe our HR consulting retirement and benefits business will have terrific opportunities in '24. As we sit here today, we are very well positioned. 2023 was a great new business year, and I believe we will continue to win new clients while retaining our existing customers. We have incredible niche expertise. Our client service is top notch, and our data and analytics continues to distance ourselves from the competition. We can handle any account of any size, anywhere around the globe. All this leads me to reaffirm that we will still see further '24 Brokerage organic in the 7% to 9% range that would lead to another outstanding year. Shifting to mergers and acquisitions. We had an excellent fourth quarter, completing 13 new brokerage mergers, representing about $350 million of estimated annualized revenue. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing family of Gallagher professionals. And we are off to a strong start to '24. We've already closed four brokerage mergers here in January for about $30 million of annualized revenue. We also have around 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $350 million of annualized revenue. We know not all of these will ultimately close, but we believe we'll get our fair share, clearly, a very strong pipeline. Moving on to Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter organic growth was terrific at 13.2%, full year at 15.8%. Adjusted fourth quarter EBITDAC margins of 21% and full year at 20%, all this right in-line with our December expectations. We also completed one merger in Australia with expected annualized revenue of about $60 million, adding new capabilities in the disability space. Looking forward, we continue to see '24 year organic in the 9% to 11% range and full year margins close to 20%, and that would be another outstanding year. And I'll conclude with some comments regarding our bedrock culture. It's a culture of client service, ethics and teamwork encapsulated in the Gallagher way. It is an unrelenting culture of excellence that helped drive full year '23 results for our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments of 18% growth in revenue, of which 10% was organic. 51 mergers with nearly $900 million in estimated annualized revenue and 20% growth in adjusted EBITDAC. Most importantly, we have a culture that our people believe in, embrace and live every day. It's a huge competitive advantage and will continue to fuel our success and growth. That is the Gallagher way. Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today, I'll walk you through our earnings release commenting on fourth quarter and full year organic and margins by segment. I'll also provide some comments on our full year '24 outlook. We'll then shift to the CFO Commentary document that we posted on our IR website where I'll provide some comments on our typical modeling helpers and then give two short vignettes, one on investment income and another as a quick refresher on earn-out payable accounting. I'll then conclude my prepared remarks with a few comments on cash, M&A and capital management. Okay. Let's flip to Page 3 of the earnings release. Headline, fourth quarter Brokerage organic of 7.2% is right in-line with our December IR Day expectation of 7% to 7.5%. But as Pat noted, we see that closer to 8.7% and organic of 11% if we were to also include interest income. That's a darn good quarter, no matter what percentage you want to focus on. A couple of other puts and takes to call out on that page. First, contingents did come in a little bit better than our December thinking due to more favorable carrier performance than we thought at that time. And second, base commission and fee organic of 6.5%. That's where you should levelize for the impact of 606 in those life cases. Controlling for those takes that over 8%. Looking ahead to '24, our Brokerage segment organic outlook is unchanged from our late October and mid-December expectations. We still see full year organic growth in that 7% to 9% range. All right. Let's flip to Page 5 of the earnings release, to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. Adjusted fourth quarter EBITDAC margin was up 48 basis points. But remember, to get to that requires recomputing last year's fourth quarter using current FX rates. We've done that in this table and is 31.3% for fourth quarter '22. So, posting a 31.6% margin this quarter gives you that 48 basis points of margin expansion, and that's right at the high end of our December IR Day expectation. Then, if you control for the role in Buck and other mergers we closed late in the quarter that have some seasonality, that would have been 150 basis points of expansion. That's simply terrific work by the team. Looking ahead to next year, we anticipate seeing some full year margin expansion starting at 4% organic. And if organic was, say, double that, maybe around 60 basis points of expansion. And note, that includes about 40 basis points of pressure against it due to the roll in of M&A, mostly Buck. On a quarterly basis, the headwind is about 80 to 90 basis points in the first quarter '24. So, please don't forget to reflect this nuance in your models. Okay. Moving to the Risk Management segment and the organic and EBITDAC tables on Pages 5 and 6. Another excellent quarter for Gallagher Bassett, 13.2% organic growth and margins at 21%. We continue to benefit from new business wins and excellent retention. Looking forward, even as we lap growth associated with some large new business wins from early '23, we see full year '24 organic in that 9% to 11% range and margins around 20%, again, that's unchanged from our December views. So, let's turn to Page 7 of the earnings release and the corporate segment shortcut table. Total segment adjusted fourth quarter numbers came in a little better than the favorable end of our December IR Day expectations due to less borrowing on our line of credit and slightly lower corporate expenses. So, now let's shift to the CFO Commentary document, to Page 3, that's where we provide many modeling helpers. Most of the fourth quarter actual numbers are very close to our December IR Day estimates. We've also now added 2024 information. So, take a look at that. In particular, as we -- take a look at FX. We are expecting a small headwind to EPS in the first half within the Brokerage segment. Now, moving to Page 4 of the CFO Commentary document, to the corporate segment outlook for full year '24. There's no change there to our full year estimate that we provided six weeks ago during our IR Day, but we are now providing quarterly estimates. So, please take some time to refine your models with us added information. When you get to Page 5, this page shows our tax credit carryforwards. You'll see what we discussed at our December IR Day. We are able to reestablish a portion of our tax credits following the change in tax method election when we filed our '22 U.S. federal tax return here in the fourth quarter. Accordingly, as of December 31, we have about $870 million of tax credits available. That's a nice future cash flow sweetener that helps us fund future M&A. So, let's turn to the new table that we put in the top of Page 6. We thought this would be helpful as we've been giving a lot of questions about our investment income line. The punchline is that this line includes items such as premium finance revenues, book gains and equity investments in third-party brokers in addition to interest income. So, this table breaks it down for you by quarter. We hope you will find this helpful. We've also renamed that line in our financial statements to clarify that it contains other items. No numbers change, we've just broadened the descriptor. So, just shifting down on that page, on Page 6, you'll see total Brokerage rollover revenue for fourth quarter was $180 million. That's consistent with our IR Day expectation. Looking forward, we've included estimated revenues for mergers closed through yesterday for the Brokerage segment in that table and for the Risk Management segment in the text below that table. Based on Brokerage and Risk Management mergers closed through yesterday, we're estimating around $540 million of rollover revenues to be recognized in '24. And also, don't forget, you'll need to make a pick for future M&A and also add interest expense as we fund a portion of those acquisitions via future borrowings. So, while I'm on the topic of M&A, as we foreshadowed in December, we did increase our estimated earn-out payable for Willis Re during the quarter because we now have good line of sight of what we might pay out in the first quarter of 2025. Remember, the accounting for earn-out payables is a bit backwards. If expectations of performance are more favorable, it creates GAAP expense. And if expectations of performance are less favorable, it creates GAAP income. That's what Pat meant when he said counterintuitive accounting. That said, we do adjust these estimate changes, but were the highlight because it does create some GAAP earnings noise. The punchline on all this and what's more important, our reinsurance business is performing extremely well. So, moving to cash, capital management and M&A funding. Available cash on hand at December 31 was about $400 million. And with another year of strong expected cash flow generation here in '24, we estimate about $3.5 billion of capacity to fund M&A in '24 using only free cash and incremental borrowings. So, those are my comments. As I reflect on '23, two metrics for our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments really sum up how good our year was: revenue growth of 18%, up $1.5 billion; and adjusted EBITDAC growth of 20% or nearly $550 million. So, the team delivered another terrific year, and we all have tremendous momentum to do it again here in '24. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. And operator, I think we can go to questions now, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question, within the 7% to 9% organic Brokerage guide for 2024, can you guys give us a sense of what you're assuming for pricing and economic exposure throughout the course of the year?
Douglas Howell: Well, I think when we did that in our budget process, the range of 7% to 9%, it's pretty much so what we're seeing today throughout next year is really the assumptions. Where are we today in pricing, where are we in exposure units, what we've been running here this year, we don't see a lot of change to that next year.
Elyse Greenspan: And then when you guys go through and come up with the 7% to 9%, are you assuming that all of your businesses will be in that range? I mean, now you've been seeing really strong growth within reinsurance, wholesale and specialty. Are those expected to continue to be above and maybe some of the others like benefits might be below? How do you see the different businesses shaking out in '24?
Douglas Howell: All right. So on that point, not every business has given a flat target number, they view it based on what they're seeing in the marketplace rate, exposure, opportunities, hiring, hiring new producers. So, every business does that differently. What would I say is being different? Who's on the upper end of the range? And who's on maybe the lower end of the range? Benefits might be a little bit on the lower end of the range, and you might see reinsurance and specialty on the upper end of the range in that. But by and large, each business unit rolls it up and that's how we get to that 7% to 9% range.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, Pat, you mentioned some interesting comments on the casualty side. We're starting to hear your thoughts about pricing pressure and just you said right, multiyear journey here. Can you just tell us like what you're seeing and then how you expect this cycle could transpire assuming we do start to see more reserve holes emerge across the industry?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I just think it makes some logical sense, at least. When you take a look back, we saw this in the property side. Nobody touched values for five, six, seven years because inflation was zero. And so you've got a bunch of reserves on the casualty side, set at those very same years that all of a sudden you come into a spike in inflation. And yes, it's been tamped down, but it's still there. And you look back at those reserves and then you take a look at these settlements that are, in fact, nuclear. And you start to say, well, all right, how well are those reserves going to hold up? Now look, I can't speak for the industry as a whole. But my sense in the meetings that we're having and discussions we're having with a number of the various carriers is that they have some concerns there that they are not necessarily comfortable with exactly where they are. And so, our view on that is, okay, if you take a look at if there were inflation in those numbers and if it were something where you had to get them right, you'd have to see price increases in order to do it. I don't think that, that's something with the kind of payout structure that you have in casualty that you need to get in one year. So, I think you're going to see possibly affirming that does, in fact, take a few years to catch up with reality.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one. Have you guys reserved to the maximum on the earn-out associated with the Willis Re deal?
Douglas Howell: Effectively yes. I mean we still have to accrete that for one more year. So it might be -- I think there's $50 million of accretion that will go through the financial statements this next year.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thanks, good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Pat, did you give the organic for open brokerage versus the program business within wholesale?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think open brokerage has been where we've had the real nice run-up. I mean it's probably double to triple what's going on in the program business. So, if you look at open brokerage that running around 13% to 15%, you're probably looking at 5% on the programs.
Mark Hughes: And then, what's your take on the property market? Do you think little bit of deceleration there? Well, one, do you think that's the case? And two, would it have any kind of material impact on your organic?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think -- well, I mean, any change in pricing is going to have an impact on organic. But I'm not -- no, I don't see carriers at this point saying, "Oh, the good news is I can take the price backwards." So, we are still seeing a push on property rate. And then you do, of course, have carriers incredibly focused on valuations. That kind of went by the wayside for years. There was no inflation, fine, 0% blah, blah, blah. Now claims are coming in, they didn't get their premium for it, the replacement costs are substantially higher than they may be predicted. And so, I think you do have a little bit of time left where there's going to be some valuation correction, and I do think there is a need for continued rate strengthening.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good evening. So first question on M&A. You guys have been extremely successful integrating and acquiring firms. But I'm just curious if the landscape has changed a bit in terms of kind of what's available. And, I guess, just for example, when I was -- you've announced a few bank-owned brokers. I believe, historically, there's two of your competitors that did most of those, and they would -- one of them would talk openly about those deals being tougher, meaning take a couple of years to turn them into the growth machines that those companies are and Buck was a little different, too. So just curious if the pool is changing a bit, and so we should kind of expect probably different types of deals going forward versus the historical five, 10 years.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'd tell you, first of all, let's remember. I think that when we do acquisitions, we like to talk about the fact that we're getting two things. We're not just getting revenue and earnings, which, of course, we want, we get. But we're getting terrific brains. And the bank-owned deals happen to be more sizable and they've got a lot of terrific people. And in addition to the brain power we're getting, we're getting expertise in the niches from the brain power, but we're also getting more volume in areas that now are spreading the brand. And it adds to that the virtuous circle of knowing about Gallagher, listening to the con-call, accepting the call. And I think what we're seeing is that our acquisition targets come aboard, and I guess this is the right way to phrase it, they kind of get on fire. It is our organic engine. There's no question about it. They come in. They've got a lot to say. Now, the bank deals are bigger. But if you take our day-in and down-out, roll-in acquisitions, these are people that more often than not have not been able to really tackle the large accounts in their own geography. In the minute they sign on to us, they're out telling those clients we're part of Gallagher, here's what we've got, let me tell you about the expertise we've got, let me show you some of the things that we do in data and analytics. You've all heard us talk about drive. What do people like you buy? What kind of limits should you have? So, we arm them with tools that they just -- whether they're in a bank or not a bank, they've never had before. So, the excitement level does not take a long time to resonate. The calls go out pretty immediately, "Hey, did you hear that we're part of another firm." And these are not folks that are in any way on their back foot. They are on the front foot and moving literally at the day of closing.
Douglas Howell: Yeah. Let me add one thing on that. I think that the organic in Cadence and Eastern was running very similar to what we're seeing in our similar geographies in similar areas. So I think your premise was that it take a while to restart them. I think they're already started. I think they're going after it. Buck is already showing terrific organic growth. We don't get it in our numbers for a year. So somebody goes out and sells something within the year, but we never get organic credit for that. And we get the revenues for it, but we don't get the organic growth credit in our numbers. So, I wouldn't say that the premise was, if the ones that we bought that they were -- they needed a restart.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, in fact, Mike, I'll tell you what we're referring to in our process is the Gallagher effect. The Gallagher effect is what happens after you announced you're part of Gallagher. It's not a slowdown, explain it. It takes their list, their pipeline of prospects and energizes the team to go back and tell about we really have something new to talk about here. And it's not just about, I know you. I've called on you many times. I've got a good relationship in the marketplace. Can I talk to you about your pricing? It's a hard market, soft market, but no, no. This is -- let me bring some data and analytics. Let me show you what's going on in our niches. We have experts in your specific area that I think you're going to want to meet. It's pretty exciting, actually. When I get a chance to get involved, it turns me on.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. No, I appreciate that color. Switching gears and you could tell me if I'm splitting hairs here. But on the December Investor Day, there was a number of reasons you kind of lowered the very near-term 4Q organic growth estimates versus what you previously have been thinking. And I think a couple of those sounded like they were more of like a push into '24 like on the life insurance side and maybe entertainment business rebounding. But I didn't think you really brought up your -- you didn't bring up your '24 guide. So I guess, should we seasonally -- obviously, we know there's seasonality in the quarters, but should we be thinking 1Q or the first half of the year gets a little bit more of a bump than it does historically? Or am I just reading too much into things?
Douglas Howell: I think you're missing the magnitude of this. In the quarter, let's call it, $10 million, we get $15 million in total here that gets pushed out on a $10 billion business next year. Okay, it's 10 or 15 basis points in there, but so that wouldn't be enough to change that 7% to 9% guide in there.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, And just lastly, you're one of the leaders. You've been doing it successfully for a while in terms of moving folks -- or sorry, in your center of excellence. Any changes in kind of the trajectory there in terms of what you guys talked about last year in terms of kind of the goal of kind of doubling, maybe the percentage of employees there over the next five or so years?
Douglas Howell: I think what we said is that over the next five or seven years, we'll need twice as many people there as we have there now. I think what's really exciting about all the work that we've done for almost two decades there now has put us in a position of being so standardized in many of the processes that we do. We now have the opportunity to unleash AI on that because that's already done. We have made that investment. And now what we can do is deploy AI against it. And, look, those folks, if you're going to hire twice as many folks, they're going to end up with better jobs over there because they're going to be using AI. So, our colleagues there are going to be well rewarded by deploying that technology into it. So, we are really fired up about it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. Let me hit a couple of other items. Why would we need to double our employee count there because we're going to double the business. And that's going to lead to plenty of opportunities there. Secondly, and I think this is a hugely important point. Standardizing a Brokerage business from an agency system through the operating processes to things like issuing certificates of insurance is a [indiscernible]. It takes four, five years to bang it through. I've done it. It's a headache. We're there. We don't need to do it. We don't need to sell it. It's standard operating procedure. When you join us, you know that in your due diligence, you come aboard, you plan the effort to change into our agency system and you get rewarded for it by virtue of the data and analytics we can provide you to go out and sell. We don't need to sell our team on that. We don't need to prove it to them. We did that 15 years ago.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
David Motemaden: Hey, good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Dave.
David Motemaden: I just had a question on -- just on -- it looks like there was a little bit of favorable timing during the quarter on incentive compensation expenses that helped the margin in Brokerage. Was that a big help? And is that something that you guys have sort of baked into the first quarter of '24, just that timing coming through?
Douglas Howell: Well, first of all, we talked about that, I think, back in our April or June call that we were probably a little further ahead at that point of the year and our incentive comp accruals. So that's been contemplated in our guidance of margin expansion since way back then. So that -- I would say there's no new news of what we were expecting in December versus what we delivered this quarter. And what's the impact of it? It's not a point. I mean, so it's not a big number.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. And then I just wanted to come back to the 7% to 9% Brokerage organic for 2024 and sort of level set in terms of what you guys are thinking on the exposure growth side, the range of outcomes that you guys are considering within that 7% to 9%.
Douglas Howell: All right. So I think when you break down our organic, we usually have more net new versus lost is probably 3% to 4% on that. When you get some rate in there, probably, we're at that 2 points and maybe there's 2 points of it, that's 2 or 3 points that's exposure unit growth. I don't -- we're going to have more lift next year from new versus lost probably proportionately. So, if you break down 9%, it might be a third, a third, a third. If you break down 7%, it's probably half rate -- excuse me, mostly new business and then exposure unit growth again.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Gregory Peters: Good evening, everyone. I guess I'm going to the new table that you added to the CFO Commentary, which we appreciate, which is the interest income, premium finance revenues and other income. And could you give us some perspective, because ever since mid-December, when the Fed changed their perspective on what's going to happen with rates, there's obviously some mechanics we're trying to calculate on what might happen with that line depending on what the Fed does with interest rates? So maybe there's some benchmarks you can provide for us that will help us sort of map out what we think might happen there.
Douglas Howell: All right. So you got the rate sensitivity and you've got the amount of cash that we have on our balance sheet, that's not only ours, but our clients, okay? So, first and foremost, it's both the rate that we're earning and then it's the -- on what we're earning that on. Second of all, you've got the dynamic. You mentioned the Fed. The U.S. portion of that interest income is only about 45% of the numbers. So it's actually more heavily weighted to internationally, and you would expect that with kind of large reinsurance balances in some of the large specialty businesses that we have in the U.K. So you got to separate your thinking on that. The other thing, too, is that you've got the growth as it grew this year, it was not only because of rate that was going up, but it was also because of the way the reinsurance receivables migrated from Willis' books onto our books during the transition services agreement. So you got that dynamic in it. I think what you're trying to plumb for is how sensitive is that number to rate changes. I would say that it's price-sensitive $5 million per rate cut that the Fed does in the U.S. per year. So if there's 4 points in, there's $20 million -- four cuts that might be $20 million. Again, that's just answering your question about the Fed. How the other central banks, what they do with their policy next year, I just don't have that number right off the top of my head. But when you asked about the Fed, think about it as $5 million per cut.
Gregory Peters: Excellent. Just a follow-up on that table for '23. And what quarter did the services agreement with WTW shift? Because I assume that would have meant the change...
Douglas Howell: July 1.
Gregory Peters: July 1. So when we're looking at the third quarter and fourth quarter, that's more normalized under going forward operating conditions, correct?
Douglas Howell: That's correct.
Gregory Peters: Thank you for that clarification.
Douglas Howell: Yes, it's important for -- yes, okay. You've got the premium finance just to make sure you know that there's expenses associated with premium finance that's down there. So that's a spread business. But you get -- gross is up. We get the revenues up above, and then we get the -- we have the operating expenses and the interest costs down below in operational.
Gregory Peters: That's excellent detail. I appreciate that. And then there's a bigger picture question I have before I get there. I can't -- I'm hung up on the clean energy tax credit carryforward balance, which caught me by surprise going up. And I know there's obviously a revised approach towards your tax credits here. But without getting into detailed commentary on the changes and the nuances and the tax, is it your expectation going forward that this -- that you're still going to be pulling down $150 million or more of tax credits from clean energy going forward? And then, is that $867 million just related to the clean energy? Or is there other things in that?
Douglas Howell: All right. So, two things. You can see on Page 5, we have reaffirmed that we think that there'd be about $150 million worth of utilization of that balance in '24. And maybe when you get to '25, '26, '27 is somewhere around $180 million of utilization in a year. So, you need to think about it coming in over the next four years. There is a very small other balance of credits in there that I would say is a rounding there, and it has to do with when we construct our home office building. But for all intents and purposes, consider these credits to be from our clean energy work.
Gregory Peters: Great. So, pivoting back to the bigger picture question is, I'm going to focus on reinsurance because last year was one of the most challenging reinsurance renewal periods in our lifetimes, and especially on the cat side, I should say. And clearly, based on your commentary and others, it seems like it's going to be more normal this year. It seems like the lift you might get from the pricing or rate component is going to be a lot less this year than it was last year. So I don't want to get too hung up on -- and I realize casualty has its own cadence, but I was just curious about your response to that observation and how you think it might work with Gallagher?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, let me just say that when I look back, I can't tell you how proud I am of the team. We came into a year, new to the organization, we've got some expertise for sure that got paid, but it was very difficult a year ago. And we basically, in a tough environment, took care of our clients. And I think that's really -- we learned a lot all of us from that. And then we come around to this year, yeah, the supply and demand balance was a little easier, but what you've got now is a group of our clients that, number one, the price is up, and number two, demand is up. So, you've got pricing not coming down and people looking and saying, "No, okay, it's not as sloppy as it was a year ago, I'd like to get more of that." And we saw a bunch of that at 1/1. Remember, about 45% of our business is book 1/1. So, the year when it comes to cat property is pretty much in the bank. And it's been a great year. Easier to place than last year, but as I said, demand up and pricing up. So, it still remains a very good market for us, and one in which there aren't that many people, Greg, that can do what we do for our clients. And our larger competitors are very, very good. But it falls off pretty quick after us.
Gregory Peters: That's right, all right, Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Greg. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, thanks a lot, and good evening. I just want to clarify, Doug, when you were saying $5 million per rate cut, just define what you meant by rate cut? How much rate gets cut?
Douglas Howell: 25 basis points.
Andrew Kligerman: How many?
Douglas Howell: 25. They do at 25. I was referring to a rate cut of 25 basis points.
Andrew Kligerman: 25 bps. Perfect. Thank you. And then, with respect to Gallagher Re, could you talk a bit about how the cross-selling with Risk Management is playing in? Is that a big driver? And also, I understand you're going to be moving into facultative reinsurance and -- or maybe you've been doing that. What kind of tailwinds do those provide to 2024?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I mean, first of all, I have to say that the reinsurance team has been incredibly pleased with and nicely surprised by the amount of interaction with our retail team around the world. And when we did the deal, we told the team and ourselves that we thought there was a considerable benefit from having both sides of the equation under one roof, and that is playing out over and over and over again. As you know, we're very, very strong in our niche or niche marketing, and that's a global play. And the capability to have the reinsurance perspective in those meetings, and then we're the largest player in the pooling sector for public clients in the United States. We kind of thought we had that pretty well nailed. Not a lot to learn. Our reinsurance team has added a tremendous amount of value and helped us add cover for the pools and revenue for our retailers and revenue for our reinsurance people. So, it's been an incredible two-year journey, and we're just getting started in terms of the opportunity to play together in the sandbox. What was the other question, Andrew?
Andrew Kligerman: Facultative...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Facultative, but of course, now coming along with treaty clients and having our retailers -- here is an example of what you're talking about, where retailers are trying to get things done and oftentimes it's hard to place areas like property, et cetera. We are seeing our facultative opportunities grow. No, it's not brand new. But we are organizing ourselves better in the fac world. And I think we're getting -- we're in a better position today than six months ago to go out to our insurance carrier customers and our trading partners and say, "We want to participate in this. We want to help you." So, we are seeing an uptick in opportunities.
Andrew Kligerman: Lot of tailwinds there. Shifting over to Risk Management and the organic change in fees. I mean, just it seems terrific. And I'm just wondering on the claims management side, what kind of carriers are you growing with? Are they the large ones? Or are they the small ones? Like where are you seeing the most growth in claims management?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, you're seeing two things. One, our historical play in the Risk Management accounts, where you've got large accounts, you name it, whatever the large hotel chains or what have you, that are procuring our business on their accounts. And there's -- we've got a great, great year in that regard, and that includes public sector clients as well. And then as you know, we have over the last decade or so really focused on outsourcing of claims from insurance companies. And I don't have liberty on this call to name some of those because some of those carriers are pretty well-known carriers and not one that I necessarily have the approval to be touting. But from inside the organization, you look at some of these carriers you go, it's fantastic. And then, of course, the regional small companies that would like to expand that don't want to add infrastructure, they think they've got an opportunity in a given stage or geography. They don't want to be putting a lot of boots on the ground. We're picking those up as well. So, the team at GB is, in my opinion, just outperformed expectations every single year.
Andrew Kligerman: It just seems like in the carriers, I mean, there's just a lot of runway there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me put it this way, Andrew. I really believe this. I believe that it will not be unusual, and I believe that people will ask. "Did insurance companies pay their own claims? Why would they do that?" When I sit with some of our insurance company partners and explain to them that Gallagher Bassett pays substantially more claims in numeric numbers and substantially more dollars than they do in claims by line of cover, by geography, not just in the U.S., the first reaction is oftentimes shock. And again, I won't mention any names of carriers. They go no, no. Look, if you put a capital structure around GB and called it an insurance company, it'd be one of the five top insurance companies probably in the world. Think about that in terms of the amount of claim work that's coming through. And our focus, and this is, I think, really key, and what we're selling and we believe proving day in and day out is if you outsource your claim work to us, whether you are a large risk management account through self-insuring or whether you're a carrier, your outcomes will be superior. And if I look at an insurance company CEO and saying, "I think I'm worth or could help you find 2 points of ROE," it could be pretty dramatic.
Andrew Kligerman: Maybe if I could just squeak one last one in on the contingent revenues. They were up 30% in the quarter. Just given it was such a great year for underwriting, do you see that kind of being flattish as we go into '24, when you provided your 7% to 9% guidance, maybe that impact becomes flattish in the scope of it all?
Douglas Howell: No, I said it -- I would say it would be in that same 7% to 9% range. I'm not going to see it outperforming that. And yes, we were pleasantly surprised by a few extra million bucks than we thought we were going to get there.
Douglas Howell: By the way, look through that number and see what it's telling you as a potential owner. Our book of business is superior to the competition. That's interesting, isn't it?
Andrew Kligerman: Yes. Hey, thanks a lot. That was great insights.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you, all. Good afternoon or good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Yaron.
Yaron Kinar: First question I have, and forgive me it's a bit nitpicky here, but in Brokerage organic, I know the organic came in-line with December guide. But I think contingents were a bit better than you were expecting. You were already accounting for the life case timing and the 606 accounting. So, it seems like there may have been something there that came in a little bit lighter than expectations? Or am I thinking about it incorrectly?
Douglas Howell: Maybe there's $5 million less than we had hoped on a few of them. But it's -- I mean, when you're looking at a $2 billion quarter, $5 million, it does move the percentage a little bit, but it doesn't -- it's not a meaningful that we are a sales organization, I look back last year, we had 11% one quarter, we had 7% in another quarter. We had 9%, 7%, 8%. So, it bounces around a little bit. So the fact that we brought it in within a 0.5 point or what we're looking at here, you do get some bounce around for a few million bucks here or there.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then a couple of quick ones on the CFO Commentary. So, I am seeing a bit of a slowdown in Brokerage earn-out payables in 2024. Is that just the Willis Re true-up in '23?
Douglas Howell: That's right.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then, I'm also seeing a meaningful increase in the amortization of intangibles and Risk Management. Are you expecting any large M&A there? Or did you already conduct...
Douglas Howell: Yeah, we announced My Plan Manager acquisition here a month or so or two months ago. So that's the $60 million worth of revenue in that disability business down in Australia.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much.
Douglas Howell: Sure. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ward with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ward: Hi, guys. Thank you. Maybe just curious on Canada. I think one of your peers mentioned some headwinds there. And I think if we're interpreting the commentary, it sounds like maybe you saw a slowdown, too. Just wondering if you could talk about that dynamic if you think that should persist in '24?
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I think they had some -- they were posting 13 points, 14 points of organic growth. The market has shifted up there a little bit. So, I think they've been in the mid- to upper mid-single digits for the last four or five quarters. So, I don't see much of a shift going into 2024.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me pile on that one, if you would, Michael. First of all, Doug, you're right on. They've been killing in Canada. High upper digit organic year in and year out, and now they're about 5%. That makes perfect sense to me, given where they've been. And I think the 5% is a great number.
Douglas Howell: Yeah. We actually had a couple of really great new business opportunity that just didn't fall our way. For some reason, they decided to stay with the incumbent. So I think that if you normalize for those a handful of items, I think they would have had -- add 3 or 4 more points to it.
Michael Ward: Okay. Thank you. And then, in the CFO Commentary, it looked like you guys outperformed your revenue pick for 2Q '23 acquisition activity and increase the pick for first quarter for your 2Q '23 acquisition activity. Just wondering is that momentum from Buck or what's driving that?
Douglas Howell: All right. Help me understand what you're looking at again. Tell me what you saw. I just didn't track to your question. Sorry about that.
Michael Ward: It was just the revenue pick from 2Q '23 -- well, and you increased the 1Q '24 pick. Just sort of wondering if that was Buck from $90 million to $95 million?
Douglas Howell: Listen, remember, every time we buy something, you're going to get maybe four quarters of this disclosure. So as Buck runs that off, we also have Cadence and Eastern that are coming on in fourth quarter '24, but that's -- you can see it there, the 2000 -- second quarter 2,000, it falls away to nothing, right? It goes -- which it would even if it were $5 million a quarter, it's $95 million. So, that is what you're seeing there. It's just the run in a Buck that's no longer M&A roll over.
Michael Ward: Okay. Awesome. And then maybe just following up on the question from earlier. Did I hear you sort of mention for benefits growth was kind of going to be at the -- or you think it's going to be towards the bottom end of the kind of spectrum across product lines this year?
Douglas Howell: No, I just said they might be running more like 7% versus 9% in some things next year. So that's what I said. They would be more towards that lower end of that 7% to 9% range, just on the nature of their business.
Michael Ward: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Douglas Howell: Pause on that a little bit. Get the medical inflation that many are starting to worry about, we might have a different answer for you on that one, that heats up.
Michael Ward: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is coming from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I think two really small ball questions. Doug, you talked about why contingents in the fourth quarter a little bit better than the December expectation. But it also sounds like you're not expecting reserve development to be a problem in 2024 if contingent organic matches core organic. Am I thinking about that right?
Douglas Howell: No, I didn't say that. I think that on the casualty lines, I think that would impact our base commission. I don't see it really eroding our supplemental or our contingents. If we do have a reserving, again, I don't like you to use word crisis, but if there's something like that, that happens may be something that, but I don't see that eroding the contingent commission substantially next year as they take rational and orderly rate increases.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. And then just -- I may have missed this. But the increasing detail on Page 6 of the commentary where you break out the individual components, should we assume that those are all, I don't know, 90%-plus margin revenue?
Douglas Howell: No, my point was on the premium funding, there's -- the margin on that would be very similar to our Brokerage business. So that's not -- equity interest is not that big of a number. We just don't have that many 100%-owned entities on it. And then interest income, yeah, there's margin on that. But remember, interest income is to rise -- is there because there's inflation out there. We do have inflation in some of our categories like travel and entertainment, for instance, a substantial inflation in that. So if that -- if interest rates come down, then I would expect inflation on travel to come down also. So there are some offsets on it, but the premium funding business is 30 points of margin, something like that.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for the clarification.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Meyer. And let me just say thank you again for joining us this afternoon. And to our 52,000-plus colleagues across the globe, thank you for another fantastic year. Our achievements are due to all of your hard work and dedication. As thrilled as I am with our fourth quarter and full year '23 performance, I get even more excited when I think about our future. We operate in an essential industry for the economy within a fragmented market, having leader data and analytics and niche expertise and limited global market share. So I believe our opportunities for future growth are immense. And while I always say, we're just getting started. It's pretty cool to be Gallagher. We look forward to seeing you at our mid-March IR Day. Thanks for being with us today.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections contained in the company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties.  In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter '23 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, as well as the heads of our operating divisions.  We had an excellent third quarter. For our combined brokerage and risk management segments, we posted 22% growth in revenue, 10.5% organic growth; GAAP earnings per share of $1.72, adjusted earnings per share of $2.35, up 22% year-over-year, reported net earnings margin of 15.5%, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 30.8%, up 78 basis points. We also completed 12 mergers totaling $57 million of estimated annualized revenue. Another great quarter by the team on all measures.  Before I dive into more detail about the quarter and our outlook, I want to make a comment regarding the leadership appointments that were also announced this afternoon. Tom Gallagher will assume the role of President, and Patrick Gallagher will become COO, both effective January 1, 2024. These appointments are being made to better position us for the next phase of our growth. And before you ask, I have no plans to retire. I will continue to be CEO and Chairman focused on Gallagher's strategy and global expansion.  In their future roles, Tom and Patrick will help me lead organic and merger and acquisition growth initiatives, drive operational improvement and further promote our bedrock culture across the entire organization. This is the best business on the planet. I love my job and believe we are just getting started.  Moving to results on a segment basis. Let me give you some more detail on our quarter's performance. Starting with the Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 22%. Organic was 9.3%. Acquisition rollover revenues were $153 million. Adjusted EBITDAC growth was 23%, and we posted adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of about 55 basis points.  Let me walk you around the world and provide some more detailed commentary on our brokerage organic. And just to level set versus some of our peers, the following figures do not include interest income. Starting with our retail brokerage operations. In our U.S. P/C business underlying organic growth was about 8%. New business production and retention was better than last year, while less nonrecurring construction and capital markets business was a bit of a headwind. Our U.K. P/C business posted 7% organic with new business production and retention similar to last year. Our Canadian P/C operation was up 10% organically, reflecting solid new business and retention and more modest renewal premium increases.  Rounding out the retail P/C business, our combined operations in Australia and New Zealand posted 13% organic. Core new business wins remain excellent, and renewal premium increases were ahead of third quarter '22 levels. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of 6% with solid health and welfare results and continued strength across many of our retirement and HR consulting practice groups.  Shifting to our reinsurance, wholesale and specialty businesses. Gallagher Re posted 20% organic, thanks to a strong 7/1 renewal season, another outstanding quarter by the team following an excellent first half. Risk Placement Services, our U.S. wholesale operations posted organic of 7%, including a couple points headwind from lower contingents. Open brokerage organic was 13% and organic was about 5% in our MGA programs and binding businesses. And finally, U.K. Specialty posted organic of 18%, benefiting from outstanding new business production, strong retention and continued firm market conditions.  Next, let me provide some thoughts on the P/C insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Global third quarter renewal premiums, which include both rate and exposure changes were up 10%. That's at the top end of the 8% to 10% renewal premium change we had been reporting throughout '22 and early '23 and very similar to second quarter renewal premiums adjusting for business mix.  Renewal premium increases remained broad-based, up across all of our major geographies and most product lines. For example, property is up more than 20%. General liability is up about 6%. Workers' comp is up about 2%. Umbrella and package are each up about 10%. Overall, the primary market continues to behave rationally in our view, with carriers pushing for rate where it's needed to generate an acceptable underwriting profit. Remember, though, our job as brokers is to help our clients find the best coverage while mitigating price increases. So not all of these premium increases ultimately show up in our organic.  Shifting to the reinsurance market. Following the orderly July 1 renewal season, all eyes are turning to January renewals. Assuming no major cat events before year-end, we believe the property reinsurance market will see adequate capacity, continued firm pricing, rising insured values and increased demand overall. When it comes to casualty, reinsurers appear to be taking a cautious view of risk. With that said, we believe adequate capacity will be available to support increased demand at firmer pricing.  Here in the U.S., our retail and reinsurance teams met with more than 25 of our key U.S. insurance carrier partners at the annual CIAB conference earlier this month. It remains a tough environment for carriers, dealing with frequency and severity of weather events, including secondary perils, pockets of unfavorable prior year development in casualty lines, higher replacement costs, social inflation and rising reinsurance costs. So we believe carriers are likely to seek out further renewal premium increases and to maintain their cautious underwriting posture.  Moving to our customers' business activity. Overall, it continues to be more resilient than headlines would suggest and we continue to characterize it as strong. During the third quarter, our daily indications showed year-over-year increases in positive midyear policy endorsements and audits. Additionally, the U.S. labor market remains strong. With continued growth in U.S. nonfarm payrolls and a wide gap between the amount of job openings and the number of people unemployed and looking for work.  We also just passed the 6-month mark of the Buck acquisition, and the team is off to a fantastic start with integration on track and financial performance in line with our expectations, and I am most pleased with how the teams have come together to better serve our clients. So I believe our HR Consulting, Retirement and Benefits business is well positioned headed into the 2024 enrollment period. So bringing it all together, as we sit here today, we see full year brokerage organic in the upper 8s and pushing towards 9%, posting that would be another fantastic year.  Let me move on to mergers and acquisitions. We had an active third quarter, completing 12 new tuck-in brokerage mergers representing about $57 million of estimated annualized revenue. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. We also recently signed definitive agreements to acquire the insurance brokerage operations of Eastern Bank and Cadence Bank, with total pro forma annualized revenue towards $275 million. Building on our success from the 2022 M&T Bank transaction, we are extremely excited about these mergers and believe these 2 regional banks have built brokerage businesses that operate and feel a lot like us.  And if that isn't exciting enough, we also have a very strong merger pipeline. Excluding these 2 pending mergers, we have around 45 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing more than $450 million of annualized revenue, and we know all of these won't ultimately close, but we believe we'll get our fair share.  Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Third quarter organic growth was 17.9% ahead of September expectations due to continued growth in claim counts and new business from 22 new business wins. We still expect to grow over these wins by double digits during the fourth quarter due to our superior client offerings, some smaller new business wins in '23 and continued growth in claim activity. Third quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin of 20.4% was strong and in line with our September expectation. Looking forward, we see full year '23 organic above 15% and adjusted EBITDAC margins pushing 20%, and that would be another fantastic year.  And I'll conclude with some comments regarding our bedrock culture. A few weeks ago, I had the pleasure to visit our associates in our India Gallagher Center of Excellence. It was awesome to see our team in action again. The energy, the excitement and relentless pursuit of improvement is thriving among our 10,000 colleagues. It's a huge competitive advantage for us because we can take a process, streamline and standardize it and then move it to our centers of excellence. Once there, the process is refined even further, and then we make the service available to all our geographies. At the same time, we are refining, automating, deploying robotics and using AI. We are a machine that is driving out rework, improving turnaround times and raising our quality. And remember, we don't outsource these important roles. Rather, these full-time Gallagher employees represent the very best service and support professionals who are passionate about our customers and have a culture of constant improvement, which is the Gallagher way.  Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. It was a great quarter. Doug, over to you.
Douglas Howell: All right. Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today, I'll walk through third quarter organic and margins by segment, make some comments about how we see the fourth quarter shaping up and provide some early thoughts on full year '24. Then I'll provide some comments on our typical modeling helpers using the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website, and I'll conclude my prepared remarks with a few comments on cash, M&A and capital management.  Okay, let's flip to Page 3 of the earnings release. All-in brokerage organic of 9.3% which, as a reminder, does not include interest income like some of our peers report. Organic, including interest income would be about 12%.  A few soundbites: first, in total, we came in a little bit better than we foreshadowed at our September IR Day due to really strong results from reinsurance and London specialty; second, base commission and fee organic was strong at 9.6%; third, supplementals and contingents, together up 5%. At our IR day, we flagged some softness, mostly related to the Maui fires. Since then, we have also seen a very slight uptick in expected insurance carrier loss ratios that also had a modest unfavorable impact to organic. Regardless, 9.3% in total without interest income, 12% with, both are fantastic results for the quarter.  One special mention. Pat discussed that global renewal premium increases, we were seeing around 10% this quarter. And on the surface, it might appear this increase is a bit lower, maybe about a point from what we said in September and also from second quarter. It's important to note, when we look at our data by line and customer and then adjust for mix, the renewal premium increases for the third quarter are very similar to second quarter. So please don't interpret that there has been any meaningful shift in the market. We're just not seeing that.  Looking ahead to Q4 organic. Over the last year, we have reminded that we have an accounting headwind to overcome. Recall in Q4 '22, we booked a change in estimate related to our 606 deferred revenue accounting. That will now create a more difficult compare, called out about a point of organic headwind. Again, no new news here, but just a reminder as you update your models. Controlling for this, we see fourth quarter underlying organic growth approaching 9%, but the headline might look more like 8%. If we post that, that would mean full year brokerage organic in the upper 8s pushing towards 9%. Again, these percentages do not include interest income. What a great year that would be.  Flip now to Page 5 of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. We posted adjusted EBITDAC margin of 32.4% for the quarter. That's up 55 basis points over third quarter '22's FX-adjusted margin. That's great work by the team to end up a bit better than our September IR Day expectations.  Looking at margins like a bridge from Q3 '22, organic gave us 80 points of expansion. Incremental interest income gave us 90 basis points. All-in M&A, mostly Buck which naturally runs at lower margins, impacted it by about 65 basis points. We also made incremental technology investments, called out about $7 million, and had some continued inflation on T&E, called out about $3 million, which in total used about 50 basis points. Follow that bridge and the math gets you close to that 55 basis points of FX adjusted margin expansion in the third quarter.  As for adjusted EBITDAC margin outlook for the fourth quarter, we expect about 40 to 50 basis points of expansion. And remember, that's off of fourth quarter '22 margins recomputed at current FX levels. However, unlike the past few quarters where FX created some noise, we're fortunate that now there's not much impact to consider, so much easier to model. If we deliver on that full year '23 which show margins expanding 30 to 40 basis points or 80 to 90 basis points levelizing for the roll-in impact of Buck, that would be a terrific year.  Looking ahead to next year, we are just beginning our budgeting process. And -- but our early -- very early thinking is that organic -- we're seeing organic in that 7% to 9% range. As for margins, we would anticipate seeing some margin expansion starting at 4% organic growth and perhaps if we hit 7%, call it around 50 basis points of expansion. And also, one other modeling heads up, please don't forget, first quarter '24 margins will have a slightly tougher year-over-year compare since Buck will still be rolling into our results.  Okay. Let's move on to the Risk Management segment and the organic and EBITDAC tables on Page 5 and 6, a really strong finish to the third quarter. 17.9% organic growth and margins at 20.4%. As Pat mentioned, we continue to benefit from higher claim counts related to the new business wins from the second half of '22.  Looking forward, we see organic in the fourth quarter around 13% and margins just above 20%. Organic does reflect the lapping of last year's newer large business wins and margins remain terrific. So if we deliver on that, full year organic would be above 15% and margins pushing 20%. That would be another record year for Gallagher Bassett. Looking ahead to full year '24, our early thinking is pointing towards 9% to 11% organic and margins around 20%.  Okay. Let's turn to Page 7 of the earnings release and the corporate segment shortcut table. In total, adjusted third quarter came in $0.03 better than the midpoint of the range we provided during our September IR day. Two reasons: first, lower borrowings on our line of credit and some of the M&A opportunities were pushed into October and November and second, lesser FX remeasurement headwinds.  Let's move now to the CFO commentary document to Page 3. A couple of things versus our September IR Day estimates. You'll see third quarter amortization expense is better by $7 million. But remember, this is noncash and doesn't impact adjusted EBITDAC nor adjusted EPS. This was simply due to balance sheet true-ups when we get our third-party M&A valuations. Then you'll also see depreciation is a touch higher by $2 million, but that is offset by change in acquisition earn-outs, which is lower by $2 million, so no net impact there. Looking ahead, we've updated our fourth quarter numbers and footnotes, so just do a double check of your models. And we will also update this page again during our December IR Day and give you a first look at 2024 numbers.  Flip over to Page 4 of the CFO commentary document to the corporate segment outlook for the fourth quarter. Only real movement is that Q4 interest and banking expense is up a bit, reflecting more anticipated borrowing.  Moving to Page 5. This is the page that shows our tax credit carryforwards. As of September 30, we have about $670 million available, a nice future cash flow sweetener that helps fund future M&A.  When you turn to Page 6, you'll see the rollover revenue table for third quarter -- the rollover revenues for the third quarter were $153 million, that's a little better than our IR Day expectation, mostly due notably to 1 merger that really hit it out of the park during the second half of September. It really shows you the potential upside mergers can see after joining Gallagher.  Looking forward, we have included estimated revenues for M&A closed and announced through yesterday. That's important to note these numbers already include expected revenues from Eastern and Cadence. We've assumed a mid-fourth quarter closing date, so please don't double count. And also, as we always say, please don't forget, you need to make a pick for future M&A also.  In terms of funding M&A, first, available cash on hand at September 30 was around $550 million. Second, our fourth quarter is historically a very strong cash flow quarter. Third, we currently have nothing outstanding on our line of credit, so we can use that or do a bond offering. And finally, if we close a lot of the tuck-in M&A pipeline that Pat discussed, before year-end, we may use a small amount of stock, but call it a couple of hundred million dollars.  As we consider these alternatives, we're always being very mindful of maintaining our solid investment-grade rating also. As for 2024, we are currently estimating about $3.5 billion of capacity to fund future M&A using only free cash and incremental borrowings.  Okay. Those are my comments, another fantastic quarter by the team. It's looking like another fantastic year. Congratulations to Patrick and Tom on their new roles. We have terrific momentum taking us into '24. Back to you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Okay. I think we're ready for some questions and answers. Operator, will you open it up?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Cox: Thanks for the outlook on the organic growth for 2024. Just curious, you had previously mentioned that you didn't think there would be that much of a difference in sort of the different areas within the business growing at different rates. Curious if you have any updated thoughts on how different businesses may perform in 2024 versus 2023.
Douglas Howell: Rob, thanks for that. I think let us get through the budget process here, we'll have more for you at our December IR day. But right now, we're not seeing anything significantly different kind of across the portfolio of operations, but it's going to roll up somewhere into that 7% to 9% range as we're looking at it now.
Robert Cox: Okay. Got it. And then just on the 2024 margin expansion of 50 bps. If you could achieve 7%, just curious on if that includes impacts from investment income or maybe a potential slight uplift from some of these higher-margin acquisitions you've done recently?
Douglas Howell: All right. So 3 things in there on that. Right now, the way I got to that number, doesn't assume much incremental lift from investment income. It does assume a little bit of a drag from one quarter of Buck rolling into our numbers that naturally runs lower margins. But by and large, maybe those 2 offset each other a little bit. And maybe there's a little extra roll-in impact from M&A from Buck. The rest of the M&A that we're planning on in our outlook for next year comes in pretty close to the same margins that we're at.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, reinsurance. Pat, you guys said 20% organic growth in the quarter. That's the strongest you guys have printed since you closed that deal. Obviously, Q3 is smaller from a revenue perspective, but I was hoping, is there more within that number? And then when you guys are guiding to 7% to 9% next year, I mean, what are you assuming just in terms of the momentum and the growth within that reinsurance business?
Patrick Gallagher: That's a good question, Elyse. I think as Doug said earlier, we're just in the throes now of budgeting, and I'd have to say that the reinsurance team has outperformed our expectations. They came aboard and have just continued to do an unbelievable job. And that 20% does include new business and great retention. So when I look forward, I'm not going to comment on rate. I'm not there yet. I got to get their professional view as we get into the budget. But I think that the business momentum will be good. I think retention will continue to be very, very strong. So would I tell you that I think we're going to see 20% organic next year? I don't know. That would be awfully hard. But I'm really -- this is a good business for us.  The market there, similar to what we're seeing on retail, we are not seeing softening. As we said in our prepared remarks, there's capacity, but you're going to pay for it. And I don't think that's going to change between 1/1 and 7/1 next year. So I think that what you've got is kind of an interesting market. And again, this is -- if nothing happens in the cat world. So I'm not trying to waffle you. I don't have a really good clear answer for you at this point.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Same thing I said to Rob. I said let's give you that -- let's give more flavor by division in December. That will be -- we'll be talking to you again in 6 weeks.
Elyse Greenspan: And then a good problem to have, the results there have been really strong. I know there's an earn-out associated with that transaction. Is that something that you would account for in '25? Or is that something that's already been accounted for?
Douglas Howell: I think we'll have -- okay, the way it works is that we'll have to -- it gets triggered off a full year '24 revenues because it's heavily skewed towards 1/1 renewals, I think we'll have a pretty good estimate of where we sit here before December. So I think I'll be able to give you a number on what we think we're going to end up booking for acquisition earn-out. Now we adjust that out, but I think I should have a good number by our December IR day, and then that would be paid out in the first quarter or second quarter of '25.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then the M&A pipeline sounds still pretty robust. Doug, you mentioned that some deals were pushed into October and November. Are those the Eastern and the Cadence transactions? Or are there other transactions that were pushed from a timing perspective that could be forthcoming?
Douglas Howell: I would say that it would be more so the Eastern transaction and it wasn't necessarily pushed. We had to file an HSR on that. So really, our early estimates of maybe getting it done in September might have been a little optimistic on that. But I wouldn't -- there's nothing else that you don't know about, let me put it that way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Jon Newsome: Congratulations on the quarter. I want to ask a little bit more about the M&A environment. Is there anything to be read here that there's going to be these big deals are coming out of banks. And maybe just some thoughts, if you have any about sort of how the buyers may be changing in this environment. I think we've been waiting for shifts in the market, but at least I've been sort of surprised at how they sort of happened or not happened in the last couple of quarters. But love your thoughts on that.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll give you some and then Doug can make some comments as well. I do think, and we've said this before, that some of the competition relative to some of the private equity stuff is a little bit less robust. There is still plenty of competition. And if you put a nice piece of property out for bid, you're going to get a lot of bids. So there's good competition for these good properties.  I can't get into the strategy of the banks as to by their deciding now is the time to exit, and we've seen that across a broad base. And I think it's probably because multiples are at very, very solid high levels. And whether thinks that those multiples may, at some point in time, begin to diminish, I'm not sure. But we've had incredible success with our friends at M&T. We're very excited about Eastern and Cadence. And frankly, if there's other banks that are looking in that direction, we're a very good place to look.  In terms of other M&A opportunities, you've got 30,000 agents and brokers across America. A good number of them are still owned and run by baby boomers. They're good businesses. This has been a very robust time for them. The last 5 years have been outstanding for them. A lot of change going on in our market, an awful lot of data and analytics that they can't compete with. Now you have the advent of AI, which is coming on stronger and faster than I think any of us thought. And I think people look at it and say, maybe it's time to check who's out there. Maybe now it's not a bad time for me to look. And when you take a look at our pipeline, we gave you some numbers today. I mean, it's just incredibly robust.
Jon Newsome: And then completely shifting to a different topic, if I could. There's been some comments this quarter, I think about the shift back and forth between excess lines and especially in the standard carriers. And I was wondering if from your perspective, you're seeing any of that shift back to the standard carrier. Is there really anything that's major from a terms and conditions environment sort of excluding pricing?
Patrick Gallagher: No, we're not. I mean, the stuff that's in the E&S market has gone there for a reason, and that is growing every single month in terms of 15%, 20%. Our submissions at RPS are up substantially this year. We measure that every day, frankly. And our submissions into RPS, our wholesaling operation, are at an all-time high. Property, in particular, is a big driving line for sure, and there just is a lack of capacity, and it is getting -- it continues to be -- whoever can tell the best story might just get a quote. So no, I'm not seeing -- and we are not seeing terms and conditions soften while things still stay in the excess market. And we're not seeing business flow back to the primaries.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Charles Peters: Pat, I feel like you have been saying you feel like you're just getting started for over 20 years now. So I guess no change there. Can we go back to your comments on the bank acquisitions. And I think you said some of the banks Cadence and Eastern are getting solid high multiples for those businesses. I think those were your words. And I look at the CFO commentary, and it looks like the -- you're -- inside that you're looking for -- your multiples are paying are 10 to 11x EBITDAC. Is that inclusive of Cadence and Eastern because it feels like those numbers were -- multiples for those businesses were a little bit higher.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Typically, what we do is for a larger transaction like that, and we have a couple of -- 1 a year or something like that, we typically exclude that. The purpose of that disclosure is really showing you what we're seeing in the tuck-ins. The reality is, is we're still seeing great opportunities, a little north of 10x, maybe sometimes you get 1 at 12, some at 10. But there's a really -- there's a ton of tuck-in opportunities that are still realizing there's terrific value in that 10% to 12% range. And the reason why is they understand that they have careers inside of Gallagher afterwards. Their employees and their producers and themselves have great careers inside of Gallagher. So what a terrific thing? Sell your business at 10 to 12x, come in and work, take on increasing responsibilities, double your agency or your location.  So the reason why we can still be effective buyers at 10 to 12x is the future opportunity of getting better together. We set it for 20 years since I've been here. When 1 plus 1 is equal 3, 4 and 5, that's what they're seeing. So we continue to click those off day in and day out kind of in those multiple ranges.
Charles Peters: Okay. That makes sense. And then on those -- the larger transactions, it doesn't seem like -- maybe I'm -- I don't know the answer. So is there a lot of synergies to be harvested from as you integrate the businesses? Or are the stand-alone teams sort of like what you got with the WTW reinsurance operations.
Douglas Howell: I think with Eastern and Cadence, I mean, it's not a -- there's no -- there's very few human synergies to be gained on this. As a matter of fact, they do a really great job servicing their customers and selling the insurance. But there are efficiencies that can be gained through a common general ledger, a common agency management system only needing 1 cyber protocol that runs over your platform. So there are some synergies there. But those are in the $3 million, $4 million, $5 million type numbers, not in the $25 million, $30 million or $40 million type number.
Patrick Gallagher: The real kicker there, Greg, is that look at these bigger deals run by banks, and this is why we say it very much feels like we're buying somebody similar to us. These are firms that were rolled up by the bank, typically good community people. I've heard 3 separate outreaches from Cadence people in the last 2 days that I've known in 1 instance that they came in to kick the tires with us in 1998. And I remember the guy wrote to me and he goes, "Hey, I came with Shorty and I remember Shorty and I came with Jim, I remember Jim and I can't tell you how excited we are." Now what we're bringing to them that Cadence could never do is that whole discussion of moving upstream.  We can show you statistically that our closing rate on bigger deals, and I'm not talking risk management, huge accounts. I'm just saying the bigger deals that are generating over $125,000 to $150,000 of commission are significantly greater today than they were 5 or 10 years ago. This is what we're giving them the opportunity to go after. They're typical agents in these banks that look just like everybody else, and now they're going to go out. And frankly, they're going to have our tools and they're terrifically excited about it. So that's, I think, the whole synergy thing. This is not take out headcount. This is turn them on, show them what we do, give them the tools and watch them eat the market all around them.
Charles Peters: Okay. That makes sense. I guess the final question, I know -- I think it was Paul who was trying to get at this. But frankly, we're hearing of some stress in some of the PE-backed roll-ups where the combination of higher interest costs and earn-outs are pressuring their free cash flow. What's your view of some of those smaller entities that might be having problems? Could we see you be interested in some of those properties at some point in time if they should become available?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, here's the thing. First of all, Greg, we'll look at every single opportunity we can. And our first question every single time is what's the culture. What was it that went into this group. In most of these, there are situations where we didn't succeed in buying something they bought. Let's talk about that around this table, not with them in the room. XYZ didn't sell to us. Why is that? Okay, fine. What's left there? And yes, I would say that there are some of those that we would be interested in. But we'd have to get through this whole cultural piece. When you chose not to join Gallagher, I'll tell you the one main reason why you chose not to join Gallagher is because you didn't want change.  And our competition has done a very good job of saying, "Hey, why join Gallagher when I'll give you the money? I'm going to give you the cash, keep some in. Our returns have been terrific. You'll get a second bite on the apple and you don't need to change anything. You don't need to change your name, you don't need to change your agency system," and while they've been doing that, we've been building power-to-power, data, analytics, capabilities and vertical strength. They've got none of that. And now it's coming to roost with higher interest rates and tougher earnouts, and you got to make do -- you got to come due on your promises. So yes, we'd look at them. But we're going to have to fall in love.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Zaremski: Maybe I missed this, but on the Cadence deal, is it -- am I right looking at the revenue and EBITDA disclosure that Cadence has a 36% to 37% margin, which is pretty great. And then also on the deal there was -- you called out tax benefits. I don't recall you guys calling out tax benefits in the past.
Douglas Howell: Yes. All right. First, you're right. I think it might be about 34%, but I think [indiscernible] over a point or 2 on that. I think that when it comes to the tax, I think it's important on these margins, we always get a step-up in basis on smaller deals, but on many larger mergers that these sellers are not willing to allow a step up in basis. In this case, the sellers were willing to and we paid a little bit more cash upfront on it. But we're going to get $250 million worth of deductions over the next 15 years. Your present value that back at 5% or 6%, you get something . So it really doesn't impact them all that much because I don't know if they're -- they might be able to shield it with NOL carryforwards or something like that, but it benefits us a lot.  So to be able to achieve that. And it's not all that important in many times for, let's say, a PE firm that buys a bigger one over at trades because they've got the large interest shield coming off of the high levels of debt they run there. But for us to be able to negotiate that benefit and to be able to have a seller that's willing to allow that benefit to pass out, that makes a big difference. So in this case, this is a true win-win for them. They get more cash, we get more cash, and it brings our multiple down considerably on it.  This is not using our clean energy credit. We have $670 million of clean energy credits available. Think about that. We'll use those over the next few years. It's almost like we have another free Cadence coming our way because of those tax credits. So tax does matter. And in this case, we think that a conservative view of that benefit is $150-some million.
Michael Zaremski: Interesting. And I guess this one probably for -- this one question is for Pat, and congrats to Thomas and Patrick on our new appointments. Just curious on Pat. Will these new appointments cause any of your existing managers other than yourself to share responsibilities they didn't previously share?
Patrick Gallagher: There will be some follow-on promotions. Sure. There's good opportunities for everybody at Gallagher, yes.
Michael Zaremski: And so were these promotions well-telegraphed? Or is this kind of like -- were these promotions like about well-telegraphed, like within the firm, like over time or were these kind of...
Patrick Gallagher: I'm going to ask you the Gallagher answer. There's not a lot secret at Gallagher, right? Yes, I would say that these moves have been telegraphed over about 20 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: On the -- could you give any guidance on the corporate segment profit for 2024. Any early thoughts there?
Douglas Howell: We haven't. And can you give until December? I know you're trying to figure out your '24 models. You might want to take what we did this year and just take it by line by line and make a site pick on it to see what you think it -- what would happen there. I know it's really difficult to do, Mark, because of FX remeasurement gains. I know we put some acquisition costs through there that can be lumpy. And there's a lot of tax, restructure numbers that run through there as we implement tax planning strategy. I know it's really difficult. But if you could you just give me until December and I can get that to you.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Yes.
Douglas Howell: We get this every year.
Mark Hughes: Any thoughts on medical inflation? Just curious to get, I think, the benefit is being helped by higher health care costs for employees, but the medical inflation impact on, say, workers' comp or GL.
Patrick Gallagher: It's interesting you should ask because we were talking about that with the board this week. And yes, we're seeing a lot of pressure on medical costs. Full insured renewals at our largest carriers are showing 7% to 9% increases right now as we speak. When you start to take retentions and you start to get in the stop-loss market, we're seeing averages there closer to 17% to 18%. That's on premium now. That's not on the underlying costs. But that's because more of the claims are tagging those carriers. So they're not only trying to move away in terms of the low end of the cost, but also they're having to pay that. So if you take a look at all of it, all in, Mark, I'd say that our numbers that we're seeing are about 8% to 9% and that's embedded both in work comp as well as health insurance across the United States.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: I was wondering if you could just help me think through just how much of the organic growth over the last several years and even this quarter is driven by just the macro environment versus what you guys have been doing behind the scenes to accelerate share gains? Because it feels like there's been a lot going on to help you guys gain share and that the share gains are accelerating.  So I'm just wondering as kind of a big picture question. as you guys head into next year and you think about that 7% to 9% organic, I guess, how much of that do you think is coming from market share gains as you guys continue to execute versus like rate and exposure improvements?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me split the question with Doug in this regard. Let me talk about market gains in terms of share gain and then he can tear the numbers a bit. But we're seeing and we're measuring this literally every single day, every month. We know now where we're producing business. We know, for instance, that 90% of the time, we compete with somebody smaller than we are. We know exactly what's happening in our verticals. We have 32 verticals that we're very, very clear on management expectation, knowing what's going on, building products and what have you. That's in the property casualty arena. We have another 7 or 8 in benefits. And in those verticals, we know that our growth rate is substantially greater than what is in our just general book of business. So internally, we know that we are taking definite share in those verticals. And I would probably -- I'd throw out a number, Mike, maybe you throw a number out on the table of what...
Douglas Howell: In terms of?
Patrick Gallagher: Just in terms of the growth rate in the vertical as opposed to general.
Douglas Howell: 92% of our new business.
Patrick Gallagher: 19% of our new business falls...
Douglas Howell: Into one of our verticals.
Patrick Gallagher: In one of those -- 19?
Douglas Howell: 92%.
Patrick Gallagher: 92, that's what I thought. I heard 19, I apologize. So each of those are growing faster than the general book. So value -- again, you've got to look at rate, you've got to look at exposure and all that other stuff. But when you talk about share, there is absolutely no doubt you go back to Doug's comment. An acquisition can be 1 plus 1 equals 5 because when Gallagher shows up with the relationships and the capabilities of the local broker and brings those relationships together with what we have as capabilities and the culture works, we don't have to force sharing on people. The fact that they can pick up the phone and say, "I've got a college University. I've never worked on one before. Can somebody help me."  We will swarm that opportunity. We will write that college University they'll get their fair share, everybody wins, and we're not fighting that as a local entrepreneur who doesn't want to play with the big boys. That's the excitement. So I know that's a long-winded weird way of saying it, but we are definitely taking share. To the numbers, Doug, I'd throw over to you.
Douglas Howell: [indiscernible] that 7% organic growth next year, I'd say that half comes from net new business wins or taking share. I would say, 1/4 is coming from exposure units and another quarter is coming from rate. If you got 9%, you probably got 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 in there.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's really helpful. I appreciate that. And then maybe just a follow-up. We've seen obviously the 2 -- the Cadence and Eastern deals on top of the M&T Bank broker last year or earlier this year. So I guess I'm sort of wondering -- as we think about the sustainability of that organic, I know you're the preferred provider for I think it was Cadence. But I guess, how do you manage the fact that -- or the potential that there might be more of like an open process for some of those existing customers now that it's not wholly owned. I don't know if that's something that you guys have worked through planning? Or just maybe help us think through that.
Patrick Gallagher: I'll help you think through it and probably the people from Cadence Bank and say, he's maybe talking off the top of the head, blah, blah, blah. But I don't think the bank did much to help them produce insurance, like probably hurt their production, which is why when you look at some of these deals, the Board goes well, where is the growth. Cadence and Eastern good growth, but the fact is -- those people have gone out and scrape for that business around the bank relationship, which was, of course, when they bought those firms, supposed to be the golden nugget in terms of being able to produce business that just isn't true. In fact, I think we're going to unleash an opportunity to really grow the top line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Two big picture questions. One, there's been some press about larger insurance brokers getting back into wholesale. Would that matter at all to Gallagher?
Patrick Gallagher: Not really. If you take a look at our wholesale business, RPS. We do not mandate inside Gallagher, so it's not 100% Gallagher placements there. We did consolidate down to a smaller number of players and RPS does about 50% of Gallagher's placements. So we're very cognizant of what the world is like out there. But really, RPS trades with 15,000 to 18,000 independent agents. And RPS does not trade particularly at all with our 3 larger competitors. So if they were the ones that choose to come in back into the market, we think it would have virtually no impact on us at all.
Meyer Shields: That's very helpful. Second question, and this relates to what you've been talking about, Pat, with the additional resources that being part of Gallagher brings. How rapidly can acquisitions take advantage of that? And is that something we should factor in when we're modeling acquired revenues?
Patrick Gallagher: Day 1, and I do mean day 1 and the team will swarm that opportunity. Now do they get used to operating that way? Have they got the customer teed up. It takes -- it's still a learning curve in all fairness, they'll call and we'll jump on the plane and have a shot at that university. But it will probably be a year or 2 before we land it. So I can't sit here and go, day 1, it just ratchets up. But I'll tell you what it does. It gets everybody in that firm excited. It worked. Gallagher helped, you can't believe it. We turned this risk manager on their head. This is really cool. Next time around, what's the strategy? What's the methodology. So the resources are truly available to that team on day 1. Now would I factor into the earn-out. Some of them take great advantage of it and really does help. It makes their earnout. Others, as I said, it's a longer ramp-up speed and it's just a matter of the individual leaders.
Douglas Howell: Yes. One thing, I think we actually understate true organic because we don't consider any new business, net new business wins by those mergers in the first year. That doesn't get counted as organic. Was it $20 million, $30 million more of net new maybe across the business every year? I don't know. It might be worth 20 basis points on our organic growth over the course of the year. So I think it naturally understates it. But I think the point is, like I said on this one just a minute ago. We had a merger partner that just crushed it here at the end of September, and that doesn't go into organic, but it sure impacts our acquisition revenues. Now we try to give you that when we do these projections.  So look at that on Page 6 of our CFO commentary. But the point is the great mergers are the ones that come in, hit the ground running, use our resources and capabilities. And next thing you know over the next 2, 3, 4 years, they're just hitting it out of the park.
Patrick Gallagher: We've showed you in our IR Day, things like our drive, just Gallagher Drive. One, just one item that is so cool to these people. And it's basically the ability to sit with a client and say, people like you buy this. And here's what the lines of insurance are there going to these types of truckers in your area or construction companies or senior living. Here's the layers that they're buying. And by the way, you're holding a $10 million liability limit. Most of your competitors are paying 20 -- or buying $20 million of umbrella. Let me show you the losses we have in our book that appears to $10 million. You probably ought to buy the 20, there's reason for that. It blows the competition away and our merger partners can't wait to get their hands on it. That's 1 thing, and there's a dozen of those.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: I apologize, I had some technical difficulties. So I hope I'm not asking stuff that's already been asked. With regards to Eastern and Cadence, do they have any different seasonal patterns? I think you touched on growth on the margin profile. But I'm curious if that margin profile kind of holds true to what you see in brokers already throughout the year.
Patrick Gallagher: No, there's no seasonality.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Remember, we're seasonally larger primarily because of our benefits and because of our reinsured business, our P&C business is fairly steady throughout the year over the 4 quarters. And maybe it's 23% on one quarter and 27% another, but we're not getting the wild swings like you do in reinsurance and employee benefits.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And do either of those deals fall any vertical space that you were looking to boost stop? Or is it more of a geographic play? What's the rationale there?
Patrick Gallagher: Mike, go ahead.
Michael Pesch: Yes, this is Mike Pesch. So I would say both of them are -- in their geographies are strong where we are maybe strong in other industries. So in Cadence, in their perspective, we do a lot of public entity in the mid-south region, and that's not one of their strengths. But they do a lot in construction and manufacturing. So it complements us really, really well. It's one of the reasons we like them so much. Eastern is the same way. If you look in New England, New England is heavily weighted towards life sciences, technology and D&O, and they balance that book considerably with a lot of other industry verticals, including construction. So it is very much a complementary business to each of those areas.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then one quick one to end up. Corporate expenses were quite high this quarter. Were there any one-offs there?
Douglas Howell: I think when you look at it, if you look at the adjustment -- if you look at it on an adjusted basis, there were some tax and litigation items when we adjusted that out. On an adjusted basis, it's kind of noisy. Comp might be up $3 million or $4 million. I think we're a little further ahead on our corporate bonus accruals than we have been in the past. And when you look at operating expense, it looks down considerably on an adjusted basis, but that's the FX remeasurement gains that you're seeing. So if you're looking at it on a pretax basis on an unadjusted basis, that's what you'll see in there. But there's nothing fundamentally underlying our expense structure in the corporate segment.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, thank you again, everyone, for joining us this evening. To our 50,000 colleagues across the globe, thank you for your hard work this quarter and every quarter. Our operational and financial success is a direct reflection of your efforts. And as pleased as I am with our third quarter performance, I'm even more excited about our future, future organic prospects, future M&A opportunities and our ability to become more productive and increase quality. We look forward to speaking with the investment community in person at our IR Day in December. Thank you again, everybody, and have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Companies Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward looking statements provided on this call. These forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward looking statements and risk factors sections contained in the company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had a fantastic second quarter. For our combined brokerage and risk management segments, we posted 20% revenue growth, 10.8% organic growth, and recall, we don't include interest income in our organic. If we did, our headline number would be 13.4% and over 14% if you levelized for last year's large life products sale. GAAP earnings per share of $1.48, adjusted earnings per share of $2.28, up 21% year-over-year, reported net earnings margin of 13.6%, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 30.4%, up 52 basis points. We also completed 15 mergers totaling $349 million of estimated annualized revenue. We had a terrific month to finish the quarter that fueled the upside versus our June IR Day view. I could not be more pleased with our second quarter performance and how our teams all around the globe continue to deliver incredible value for our clients. On a segment basis, let me give you some more detail on our second quarter performance starting with our brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 20%. Organic was 9.7% or 12.3% if we include interest income and about 13% when levelizing for the large life product sale. Acquisition rollover revenues were $151 million. Adjusted EBITDAC growth was 23% and we posted adjusted EBITDAC margin expansive expansion of about 50 basis points. Let me walk you around then Howell will provide some more detail commentary on our brokerage organic. Again, the following figures do not include interest income. Starting with our retail brokerage operations. Our US PC business posted 13% organic. New business production was up year over year while retention was similar to last year's second quarter. Our UK PC business posted 11% organic due to strong new business production. Canada was up 6% organically, reflecting solid new business, similar retention versus last year and continued that somewhat more modest renewal premium increases. Rounding out the retail PC business, our combined operations in Australia, New Zealand posted more than 10% organic. Core new business wins were excellent and renewal premium increases were ahead of second quarter 2022 levels. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of about 2%. That includes a three-point headwind from last year's life product sale. Excluding the tough compare, organic would have been about 5%, with core health and welfare up low single digits, and many of our consulting practice groups showed continued strength. Shifting to our reinsurance, wholesale, and specialty businesses, Gallagher Re posted 11% organic, another outstanding quarter by the team, building upon their excellent first quarter results. Replacement services, our U.S. wholesale operations posted organic of 10%. This includes 19% growth in open brokerage and about 6% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. And finally, UK specialty posted organic of 19%, benefiting from excellent new business production and fantastic retention and a firm rate environment. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the PC insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Global second quarter renewal premiums, which include both rate and exposure changes, were up 12%. That's ahead of the 8% to 10% renewal premium change we were reporting throughout 2022 in the first quarter of 2023. Renewal premium increases were made broad-based and are up across all of our major geographies. We're also seeing increases across most product lines. Property is up more than 20%. General liability is up about 8%. Workers comp is up about 3%. Umbrella and package are up about 11%. And most lines are trending similar or higher relative to previous quarters with two exceptions. First is public company D&O, where renewal premiums are lower versus last year, and second, cyber, which has flattened down slightly year-over-year. But to put this all in perspective, these two lines combined represent around 5% of our year-to-date brokerage revenues and thus don't have much of an impact. So I believe the market continues to be rational, still pushing for rate where it's needed to generate an acceptable underwriting profit. Remember though, our job as brokers is to help our clients find the best coverage while mitigating price increases to ensure their risk management programs fit their budgets. So not all of these renewal premium increases show up in our organic. Shifting to the reinsurance market. Overall, the June and July reinsurance renewals resulted in similar outcomes to what we saw during January renewals with most global reinsurance lines continuing to harden. Property continues to experience the most hardening, especially cat exposed trees.  Within the U.S., Florida property cat renewals were more orderly than January due to an early start and well-defined reinsurer appetites, regardless, price increases were in the 25% to 40% range, causing many seasons to increase their retentions. While property capacity isn't abundant, we ultimately were able to place risk for most all of our seasons. As for casualty reinsurance renewals, the second quarter showed more stable supply versus demand dynamics, resulting in price increases based on product or risk-specific factors. Looking forward, carriers are likely to continue their cautious underwriting posture given the frequency and severity of weather events, replacement cost increases and social inflation, all of which can impact current and prior accident year profitability. Add to that rising insurance costs, and it's easy to make the case for pricing increases on most lines to continue here in 2023 and perhaps throughout 2024. Despite these and other inflationary cost pressures, our customers' business activity remains strong. During the second quarter, our daily indications of client business showed positive endorsements and audits. These positive policy adjustments have continued thus far in July. At the same time, labor market imbalances remain. Recent data shows the U.S. unemployment rate declining, continued growth in non-farm payrolls and a very wide gap between the amount of job openings and the number of people unemployed and looking for work. And medical cost trends are on the rise. We anticipate these costs to accelerate into 2024 due to increased costs of services, more frequent high-dollar claims, and the impact of new therapies and specialty medications. So I see demand for our HR consulting and other benefits offerings remaining strong. So, when I bring this all together, as we sit here today, we are more confident with full-year brokerage organic in the 8% to 9% range. And with an excellent second quarter in the books, more towards the upper end of that range, posting that would be another fantastic year. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. We had a very active second quarter. In addition to the Buck acquisition, which I will discuss in a moment, we completed 14 new tuck-in brokerage mergers. Combined, these 15 mergers represent about $349 million of estimated annualized revenues. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Moving to the Buck merger, which was completed in early April. Our integration efforts have begun and the combined business is off to a great start. While it's still early, I'm extremely pleased with how the teams are working together and excited about our combined prospects. Looking ahead, we have a very strong merger pipeline, including nearly 55 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing more than $700 million of annualized revenue. We know that not all of these will ultimately close, but we believe we will get our fair share. Moving on to our risk management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Second quarter organic growth was 18.1% ahead of our expectations due to rising claim counts and continued growth from recent new business wins. These wins have been broad-based and across all of various client segments, including large corporate enterprises, public entities, insurance carriers, and captives. Growth in each of our client verticals is great affirmation in our ability to tailor our client offerings, utilize industry-leading technology, and ultimately deliver superior outcomes for clients across the globe. Second quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin of 19.4% was very strong and at the upper end of our June expectation. Looking forward, we see full year 2023 organic around 13% and adjusted EBITDAC margins pushing 20%. That would be another outstanding year. And I'll conclude with some comments regarding our Bedrock culture. This past quarter, I was on the road for a month, visiting employees around the globe, traveling to New Zealand, Ireland, the UK, and the Czech Republic. And I can say that our culture is thriving, which makes me incredibly proud. Some of those conversations included the more than 500 young people in our 58th class of the Gallagher Summer Internship. This rigorous two-month program is an essential investment in our future, ensuring our unique culture remains strong for years to come. As we continue welcoming new colleagues and merger partners into the Gallagher fold, I'm confident that each new addition will uphold the expertise, excellence, and ethical conduct that make Gallagher the name so trusted worldwide. And that is the Gallagher way. All right. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat. I'll walk through organic and margins by segment, including how we see the remainder of the year playing out. Then I'll provide some comments on our typical modeling helpers using the CFO commentary document that we post on our website. And I'll conclude my prepared remarks with a few comments on cash, M&A capacity, and capital management. Okay. Let's flip to page three of the earnings release. All-in brokerage organic of 9.7%. That would be 12.3% if we include interest income, and a little over 13% when further levelizing for last year's large live product sale. That's a bit better than what we forecasted at our IR Day in June due to a fantastic finish of the quarter across all of our divisions, especially U.S. retail and London specialty. You'll also see that contingents were up more than 20% organically. Probably a better way to look at it is in combination with supplementals, because contracts can flip from time-to-time. Together, up 12% is much more in line with our base commission and fee organic growth. So no matter which way you look at it, a fantastic organic growth quarter by the team. Looking forward, we see headline brokerage organic around 9% for third quarter and about 8% for fourth quarter. It's important to recall that fourth quarter will have a tough compare because in Q4 2022, we booked a change in estimate related to our 606 deferred revenue accounting. Controlling for that, fourth quarter 2023 organic would be towards 9%. We highlighted this matter last year and again at our June IR Day, so there's nothing new here, it's just a reminder as you update your models. With all that said, we remain bullish on our organic prospects for the second half. According, we now believe, full-year brokerage organic is looking like at the higher end of that 8% to 9% range. Again, these percentages do not include interest income. Flipping to page five of their earnings release to the brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. We posted adjusted EBITDAC margin of 32.1% for the quarter. That's up about 50 basis points over second quarter 2022's FX adjusted margin. And that came in better than our June IR Day expectation of the expanding 10 basis points mostly due to the incremental organic growth. Looking at it like a bridge from Q to 2022, organic gave us 100 basis points of expansion. Incremental interest income gave us 90 basis points of margin expansion. The impact role of M&A, which is mostly Buck, uses about 80 basis points. And then we also made some incremental technology investments called out around $7 million and some continued inflation on T&E called out about $5 million, which in total used about 60 basis points. Follow that bridge and the math gets you close to that 50 basis points of FX adjusted expansion in the quarter. As for a margin outlook, we expect about 40 to 50 basis points of expansion for each of the next two quarters. For the -- so for the year, we are a bit more optimistic than our April and June views, and now see four year margin expansion of 30 to 40 basis points. Or that would be 70 to 90 basis points levelizing for the role and impact of Buck. Again, both those percentages or increases relative to prior year FX adjusted margins. We talked about that during our June IR Day when we provided a vignette on how to model margins. Let me give you 2022 margins, recomputed current FX levels for your starting points. In Q3, 2022, EBITDAC margins would have been around 31.7% versus 32.3% we reported. And as for fourth quarter 2022, not nearly as much impact, call it around 31.3%. So now if you move to the risk management segment and the organic table at the bottom of page five of the earnings release. Also, I had an excellent finish to the second quarter, 18.1% organic growth. As Pat mentioned, we continue to benefit from new business wins from the second half of 2022. Looking forward, we see organic in the third quarter on 14% and fourth quarter about 10% which reflects the lapping of last year's larger new business wins. As for margins, when you flip to page six and the adjusted margin EBITDAC table, risk management posted 19.4%. That was on the upper end of our 19% to 19.5% June expectation. Looking forward, we see margins above 19.5% in each of the last two quarters of 2023. So, full-year double digital organic and margins approaching 20%. That would lead to a record year for Gallagher Basset. Now, let's turn to page seven of the earnings release in the corporate segment short-cut table. In total, adjusted second quarter came and right at the midpoint of the range we provided during our June IR Day. Even though we did experience a further $5 million of FX related re-measurement head wins. That cost us a couple pennies in the quarter. Moving -- now, let's move to the CFO commentary document. On page three, you'll see most of the second quarter results were in line with our June commentary. And looking ahead, you'll see that we've updated our outlook to reflect current FX rates and provide our usual modeling helpers for the second half of the year. Moving to page four of the CFO commentary document and our corporate segment outlook for the second half, punch line here is not much change other than a modest weak corporate expense and interest in banking costs as we've assumed a slightly higher balance on our credit line giving our robust M&A activity. Then on page five of the CFO commentary, that shows our tax credit carry forwards. As of June 30, we have about $700 million, which will be used over the next few years and that sweetens our cash flow and helps us fund a future M&A. Shifting to rollover M&A revenues on page six of the CFO commentary document, $151 million in the quarter with Buck contributing nearly half of that. Remember, numbers in this table only include estimates for M&A closed through yesterday. So you need to make a pick for future M&A and you should also increase interest expense if you assume, we borrow for a portion of the purchase price. One other call out and that's back at the bottom of page three of the earnings release, we did use a higher than normal amount of stock for tax free exchange mergers this quarter. That can be a little lumpy, but we do like doing them. It's attractive to the sellers that are looking to defer the full tax consequence of selling the firm and it's also attractive to us because it fully aligns our new partners with our long-term shareholders. As for future M&A, we remain very well-positioned. At June 30, available cash on hand was more than $400 million. Our cash flows are strongest in the second half of the year and we have room for incremental borrowing all the while maintaining our strong investment grade ratings. We continue to see our full year 2023 M&A capacity upwards of $3 billion and another $3 billion or more in 2024 without using any equity. So another outstanding quarter by the team, from my position as CFO sitting halfway through the year, our full year 2023 outlook on all measures continues to improve, better organic, better margins, and a more robust M&A pipeline. Bottom line, we're in a great spot to deliver another record year financial performance. Okay, back to you Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Doug. Operator, let's go ahead and open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The call for now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Now, our first question is coming from the line of Weston Bloomer with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Weston Bloomer: Hi. Good evening. My first question, really good strong organic growth within brokerage and around 200 basis points of above what you'd said, I guess about a month ago. I was curious if you could spend on maybe what lines of businesses or geographies, or maybe whether supplementals or contingent that drove that out performance? Curious of what we can extrapolate for the back half of the year or what is about the nature?
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think extrapolating for the back half of the year, we feel that our look towards nine and then eight adjusted to nine for the second two quarters probably the best way to look at what we think for the rest of the year. The upside was due to U.S. and also U.K. specialty, they just had a terrific in the June. So, but we're seeing that across the globe, there is a noticeable uptick here in June of success on our sales. And our retention are good and there is some positive light movement in those numbers too.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Also, I would say, clients are getting pretty darn weary of a hard market and they're looking for good advice. And we're fine and great strong growth is in property casualty. The basic blocking and tackling, workers' comp areas that in the United States at least we stand and opportunity to stand really ahead and shoulders above our competition, especially with the little guys.
Weston Bloomer: Great, thanks. And second question on M&A. I believe you said 55 term sheets for $700 million in revenue. If I kind of go back do my model. I believe that's 700's the highest I've seen maybe away from Gallagher Re. So could you maybe just expand, is there any shift in your M&A strategy or any like larger deals in the pipeline? Or could you maybe just expand on what you're seeing in the market more broadly as well?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No I think that what we're seeing is, first of all, remember, we talked about this quite often. We don't have one individual out prospecting. And we've got dozens and dozens of people that have now done deals in our company. They are constantly talking to our competitors. The more deals we do, the more friends they have in the industry that they're telling it's working well, and they're pleased to be with us. And I think it's just a matter of straight-up blocking and tackling when it comes to the typical making calls, talking to people, renewing relationships we've had for years. And people get into a point where they're possibly ready to sell.
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think they see our capabilities. And I think some of the appeal of maybe selling to a PE firm, there's some concern about that giving that increase in interest rates in the borrowing cost. There's been some stress on that side of the industry. And so, we're seeing that folks are really more interested in being with a strategic now than trying to sell into a PE roll-up.
Weston Bloomer: Got it. Thanks. Yes. It was double-digit. I think $1 million in revenue per term. So I got a little excited there.
Douglas Howell: Me too.
Weston Bloomer: And then last one, just on fiduciary, you'd highlight around 90 bps benefiting the quarters. Is that roughly what you have baked into the back half of the year when we think about your guidance?
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think that this, I think the biggest job here in Q2, I think in the second half of the year you might see something like 70 basis points in the third quarter and it gives us maybe only 50 basis points of margin expansion in the fourth quarter just because rates have been popping up.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Weston.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question, Pat, I know when asked on your typically willing to provide a little bit of an outlook on how you're seeing things more than just the current year. So based on how you think about things right now, how do you think from a thing of the brokerage business from an organic growth perspective, how do you think 2024 shaping up?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Elyse, I think it's going to look a lot like 2023. I'm not seeing any hesitation of underwriters asking for rate. I do think the cycles have shifted. When you see cyber and D&O coming down, they probably are coming down and that's reasonable. Property through the roof is reasonable. What we're seeing in inflation in terms of lawsuit, social implications we're searching for. It's very, very troubling. And then you had inflation. We've been talking about inflation, and it's called now for over a year. And you look back in the reserves and inflation tips those into a very difficult spot. And you're not going to get those healthy in one year. So I feel very strong about. And I'll tell you, our insurance companies are very, our partners are very smart about their numbers. They know where they're making money, where they're not making money, and they're telling us what they need. So I don't see people backing off on that. No one's walking in saying, the gates are wide open, let's just get volume. It's a reasonable market that you can get deals done at a reasonable price. Our clients actually understand inflation. They're living with it across the board, and inflation is good for a broker, honestly. So I think next year looks very, very strong.
Elyse Greenspan: And then Doug, I know, the bar was a little bit higher for the level of margin improvement this year, as 2024 looks like 2023 from an organic revenue growth perspective. Would we see more margin improvement next year at the same level of organic that we saw this year?
Douglas Howell: Well, I guess my reaction to that is going back, I think that you'd see some margin expansion at 6%. I don't know if you'd get it necessarily at 4%. I don't -- I think by the time you got up to 9%, it'd be better than 50 basis points of margin expansion. And we do have one more quarter of roll and impact of Buck that would, the underlying business would be going up, but that business runs a lower margin. So, depending on which question you're asking me, I would think that margin expansion in 2024 could be very similar to what we thought it'd be in this year. Give us six points of organic and there might be 40, 50 basis points, give us nine points of organic, you might get 75, 80 out of it.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, when you're talking about price increases, are you making that comment on like a nominal basis or are you expecting that when you think about property casualty pricing over the balance of this year in 2024, that will continue to exceed loss trend?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I think that's the battle isn't Elyse. I mean, the carriers are very much wanting and telling us they need that. So, yes, I think that would be the objective and we're finding that we can get it. So, I do think that they're going to look at loss trends and they're going to try to definitely keep the rate structure moving ahead of that.
Elyse Greenspan: And one last one. Do you have some initial thoughts on what we could see from reinsurance pricing at January 1, 2024?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No. It's too early for me to comment on that, Elyse. I think, we just finished July, not as bigger month, obviously, as January, but interesting that the pricing was still very, very, very firm. The market after January 1 had a time, better chance to settle down, look at their books to understand, January was a nightmare. So as we said in our prepared remarks, July was a little bit more orderly, but still difficult. So, give me another quarter on that one.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please just use your questions.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good afternoon. Investment income, is this the new run rate was better than expected or should we expected to take another like I guess, well, of course, the company's growing too?
Douglas Howell: Listen, I think the impact on our numbers, I think that it's actually will be the change in margin from investment income was 90 basis points. This quarter, we think it would be about 70 basis points in the third and about 50 basis points of margin expansion in the fourth. So, to me, I would say that the actual dollar amounts that you're seeing in the second quarter are not just similar to the dollar amounts that you would see in third and fourth quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And you guys are firing on all cylinders, I'm just trying to poke some holes here. Let's see if I can. So, I mean, just that will be realistic. U.K. inflation, the stats look like, it's high and there's wage pressures and some, at least slow in GDP outlook. How does your business look there -- has look there currently? Margin has been growing as much there, and any comments on that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Our U.K. retail business is on fire, really on fire. And I give a lot of credit to the team on two ways. One, as you know, we've spent money there in terms of branding and we did not do that for years when we were putting together Giles, Oval, Heath. Those firms were trading under those names. We brought those together. We started talking about ourselves as Gallagher in the field. And our Rugby partnerships there and the efforts that we spent on branding had paid incredible dividends. And people know who we are now across the entire U.K. and our people are taking advantage of that. And I just visited in -- I was in our London offices for a good part of June. I was in Dublin in Belfast and I can just say this. There's a bounce in every retailer step. They're kicking ass, they're having fun and they're taking names and getting more business for next quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just because Elyse asked for, I mean, I'm just going to sneak in a quick one. In terms of the pricing environment, taking a kind of a step up, how much do you think is due to the reinsurance cost trying to be passed through? And it sounds like you don't -- it sounds like it's not a big deal, because you're saying that next year could be similar to this year, so there wouldn't be a step down. But I'm curious if you think some of the momentum something on the reinsurance side?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Let's be clear. I'm saying that we're being told by our carrier CEOs that they have to cover their increasing cost base, that starts with inflation and their past reserves and, if you plan to rebuild a house for a million dollars two years ago, you're not going to spend a million dollars. So they are looking at those reserves. Then secondly, they're still in a process of making sure that we get our values right. These values haven't been touched for a decade. They haven't needed to be touched. So now you got a value increase. You've got exposure units growth. Then you add to that the cost of reinsurance, which is clearly a cost. They're not separating it out and telling our retail clients, well, this part is for reinsurance. They're say, look guys, on this line of cover, we need 25 points. Go get it. And that'll hold as long as we have to, in fact, do that to get the deal done. Now, remember, we are scouring the market for some little do-for-ten, because that's our job. But right now, there's no break in that.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Hey, good afternoon, Pat and Doug. Hey, I wanted just to have you for a moment talk about new business. Because when you look at the organic result, 10.8%. You look at renewal pricing 12%. When you went through a bunch of lines, Pat, where pricing was clearly double digit. And so, and you also made this comment about your clients having a budget. Just curious, how much of the growth organic is rate versus exposure, existing clients versus new business, and has that balance changed at all in the last year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Let Doug talk about the actual numbers, because I'm more off the cuff. And then I'll come back in on how I see the market shaping. Go ahead Doug.
Douglas Howell: So, Greg, our net new business versus loss business is up this year by two percentage points compared to where it was there. Rate is, then that's the total rate in exposure is up about a point and a half. So, you can see here that it's our net -- our increased new is actually up more than the impact from rate is up.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Now, let me add some color to that, Greg. Number one, we're doing a much better job, I think, than ever of measuring kind of this new business stuff that you're talking about. We know that our average production is actually increasing in the income. The commission income receiving on new business has moved up from, let's call it $50,000, $60,000 into closer to $175,000 to $100,000. That's per item as we start bringing it in. So we're actually finding those clients that have for a long time probably been pretty happy with either their local broker or their relationship with a larger broker giving us a chance and we're doing very, very well. We are a new business machine. And when I take a look at the percentage of trailing revenue that we try to accomplish every year in new business. Our goal has always been 15% of trailing. We're just about right there. And as our trailing revenue growth continues, that pushes us in terms of our goals for more new business. And we are right on track with that. And when you start having 15%, 16%, 13% of trailing in new business, as long as you continue those retention levels, 94, 95, et cetera, you're getting very, very nice. You're getting very nice upside.
Greg Peters: Yes, that's good. Those are good numbers. I think I've opened up a can of worms, because we're going to want to start tracking the net new business wins you guys are posting on a quarterly basis.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'll give you that. Go and ask.
Greg Peters: Yes. In your comments, Pat, you also talked about on the theme of poking holes, right? You talked about the employee benefits business kind of stood out. That MGA business being low single-digit, mid single-digit type of organic. Maybe I don't want to call that an underperforming, but relative to the group, I guess it kind of is. So maybe you could spend a minute and talk about those two businesses, because you called them out in your comments?
Douglas Howell: Well, let's talk about the benefits business first. It's adjusted for the large life case 5%. I think that's pretty in line with maybe what some of the other brokers have talked about in their employee benefit space. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily out of whack compared to what's going on. That business right now doesn't have the lost cost increases that it's going to have. I think there's going to be medical inflation in that coming up. We're going to see on that a lot, but by and large, medical cost inflation does have an impact. When you go back to my early days here in 2003 through 2007, you were seeing medical loss inflation, cost inflation in the double digits, and that business was growing almost double digits also. So that will have an impact because you can't keep the inflation out of that space for too much longer. So that would happen. On the program business, you just understand in our case, there's some programs that if there's a change in the state or there's a change in the carrier appetite, sometimes that can cause a little bit of stress in that business. But still, being in those single digit organic ranges are still pretty damn good in this environment.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. And let me add to that. Greg, right now, our clients are dealing with wage cost inflation as people say, look, I've got -- I'm having a hard time buying eggs. And they are not looking to be expanding benefit offerings. In fact, they're doing everything they can to mitigate increased costs and benefits, while at the same time being able to balance what they need to give their people in their regular income. While at the same time maintaining, as you know how difficult this is, their employee base. So it is a really tough time. And our consultants, our people are doing a great job. Outside of health and welfare, the effort in terms of our consulting business that the orders that are coming through are spectacular. So it's really a balance of all that. And I agree with Doug. I think that it's a matter of them trying to deal with inflation in the cost of the cover, inflation in their compensation costs for their people and doing everything. And that's where we make our living, its helping to mitigate that. Plan design change, getting that down. And then lastly, a lot of that, as you know, we do on a fee. So when you're facing compensation costs, inflation costs in the underlying purchase of health insurance, the last thing you're doing is giving GBS, a 10% rate increase. I think by -- I think getting five points is pretty damn good.
Greg Peters: Fair enough. Just I know you provided some data. It's just the final question. I know you provided some data around Buck and the integration. That's a business that has had sort of a checkered past of success and maybe some challenges. Maybe spend a second. And this is my last question. Talking about the integration and why you think the outlook for that business is strong relative to its history?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'll tell you what, I am really excited about that business. And I'm a quarter in, right. And we had our board meeting yesterday and the team that's involved in the integrating and the onboarding reporting out to our board as we do in our large deals every quarter. The synergies there -- first of all, the management team could not be more excited to be finding a home. They've been traded five times. Then that's part of what you're talking about, Greg. You wake up and your name is not changing, but the owners are changing and then you're changing it again. You don't know who's on first, who's on second. A big part of our effort of onboarding here has been to tell those people, look, you found your last place. Now let's go take care of clients. And there's nothing consultants like to hear more than that. So that has been a big message to them. And I spent time with those folks in the UK. I've spent time with them here. It's resonating. Our retention of people is outstanding. And the orders we're getting in one quarter are mind boggling. So I'm really -- then you add to that. We do think there's some great synergies there. And that's not cost takeouts. That's cross selling. Seeing some of that already. And I think it's going to be just fine. And I'm one quarter in.
Greg Peters: Well, thank you for your answers and the answers make sense.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our Next question is from the line of David Montemaden with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Montemaden: Hey, thanks. I just wanted to follow-up just on the group benefits organic and just on the deceleration, which is still a 5% is good extra life sale comp. But that was down for seven in the first quarter. But it does sound like the acceleration is expected. Is that something, is it second half expectation? Or is that something you think will start to move up higher in 2024?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I wouldn't be modeling out, David, a huge acceleration there. I mean, I spent a lot of time with Doug on the street explaining why 3% organic was outstanding just a few years ago. Yes, there's all, I'm now looking it. I'm now looking at a business here that is accepting hard rates. Given the fact that there's big loss cost trends or reinsurance trends, these are people buying insurance and in many instances, not buying insurance, that's the biggest part of what we do is help people self fund. And that 5% growth is earned with a lot of discussion with a client. It's more akin to what Gallagher Bassett's getting in terms of their renewal increases rather than what you look at on the PC side. So I'm very happy at 5%. I don't want to give you this idea that you're going to see some acceleration to 12%. That's not happening.
Douglas Howell: That business also can be heavily first quarter weighted. So you get a little bit of that, not only you have to recognize the full year of an account that you sell on the health and welfare side, but the consulting in the first quarter tends to be a little heavier or a little --you grow a little bit more than -- because if you think about it, most people are one-one type benefit customers. So they're putting the final touches on their business in January on some of the programs. So we tend to make a little bit more money in the first quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Can I answer an underlying question I hear from you, David, and the others. Why do we do the buck deal? It looks like its growth isn't great, doesn't have the margins that a PC broker does. You realize where the pain is for our clients right now and what we are is pain mitigation people. And it's sure it's in property, casualty, its specialty property. And we're out there working every day to help them get that down. We're bringing self-insurance plans, captive plans, group plans, what we can on the PC side. And every year, year and out, our clients are dealing with how do we get people? How do we keep them? How do we pay them? And how do we motivate them and at the same time take care of their benefits needs. And to get a firm like Buck on our team, when it absolutely recognized as the best in the business. I mean, it puts us over the top and that ability to respond to our clients needs across all of what we do for them. And I think 5% is outstanding. I want to tell the team, congratulations.
David Montemaden: No, thanks. I appreciate that. That's helpful, Pat. And I guess just maybe just switching gears just on the property casualty rating increases. You gave some numbers earlier. I missed some of them. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing specifically on casualty rates. And it sounds like we're seeing an acceleration there. If I just strip out D&O and workers comp. But I'm wondering if that is in fact what you guys are seeing and how sustainable you guys think those -- that acceleration is?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: What I've said in my prepared remarks, David, is the general liabilities of about eight. Workers comp, which has been flat to down for a number of years is up about three. And umbrella and package you're up about 11. So now, embedded in each of those lines have different reasons. General liability is social inflation, probably aging population. Workers comp is clearly, it floats with medical costs and it floats with employment. An umbrella and package is probably also looking at social inflation and property up 20% is clearly -- that's about exposure units and the need for rate.
Douglas Howell: Yes. David, when I look at it, you want to break it on general liability umbrella of other casualty call that 8% to 9% is what we're seeing here on the sheet commercial auto is 8.5% or more. And that's a U.S. business that I'm telling you about. So I think in the second word, call it 8% to 9% on casualty.
David Montemaden: Got it. And those did tick up versus 1Q, it sounds like?
Douglas Howell: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: A little bit.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Especially commercial auto its more around six and now its 10.5.
David Montemaden: Got it. And then, could you just level set me, if I think about full year, the business that Gallagher rates in brokerage. How much of that is coming from property at this point?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Properties is our largest line. Doug, will give that number.
Douglas Howell: What was the specific question?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: How much of our business is property?
Douglas Howell: About 30% here for the full year 2022. That's about 30% of what we write.
David Montemaden: Great, thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon.
Douglas Howell: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Pat, you talked about medical inflation. You think it's going to accelerate. Given that the broader measures of medical costs are pretty calm these days. I wonder what gives you confidence that that's going to happen?
Douglas Howell: I don't know if I'd say it's confidence, Mark. I mean, I'm not so sure it's good news for this society or for our clients. But social inflation, medical practice cost cover, and any kind of losses in that regard in the cost of employees. And you take your hospitals right now are working very hard to make sure that their people stay with them. Their turnover rates with the pandemic and the like have increased. Keeping their employees is a big deal. And the cost are doing that.
Mark Hughes: Specialty drug.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, on specialty builds helping me out here, specialty drug costs and procedures are up significantly.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Katie Saki with Autonomous Research.. Please proceed with your question.
Katie Saki: Hi, Thanks. Good evening. I want to follow-up a little bit on the line of questioning on the Buck. And clearly an acquisition that definitely expands here. Ability to serve your clients from this portfolio. Kind of thinking about what you guys have seen in the first quarter of integration so far. Is there any opportunity to tighten up the drive or the impact that Buck has on brokerage margins over the back half of the year? Any opportunity you guys are seeing to increase cross sells or maybe find some expense synergies. Or should we kind of expect that to materialize more in 2024?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think it's more 2024, Doug?
Douglas Howell: Yes. I would say 2024 and 2023, we're still getting our feet under it. But also I'd like to have a friendly amendment to the statement. So that roll in natural impact of a business, it just run naturally slightly lower margins. Call it in the 20s somewhere versus in the 30s, right? So the drag on us is what you see on the face of it. But they actually have a nice improvement opportunities as we join forces together to get better themselves. And that's really what we're looking at. If we can take this business that's in the upper teens and move it into the mid 20s. I think that's a good march for that business. And I think cut that at best. They've wrote to five different owners. They have spent so much of their time and in the last couple of recent roles of becoming a free standing independent organization. And there's extra conflict goes into that. By being a part of us and us being better together, I think we'll naturally see that natural improvement in their underlying margins. So they should be margin creative after you get to, as they improve their margins, they will improve our margins once we get through the first quarter of 2024.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And then, Katie to your point about cross selling, maybe cleared. We do see cross selling opportunities, PC to benefits, benefits PC for sure. But what we see -- we're very excited about is cross selling inside Gallagher benefit services. Their strength in the United States is in areas that we're not as strong. We've always been in defined benefit pension consulting for instance, but they come with terrific strengths there. And they're not probably as strong, although they do quite well, but not probably as strong as we've been in health and welfare. So if you take a look at that, now you're not trying to talk to a new party, add a client. You're already dealing with the person who buys benefits. Let me bring in my partner who does health and welfare, and we're already seeing a lot of that. So I think there is good cross selling. I think that margin improvement will come, and I'm excited about it.
Katie Saki: Thank you so much. And then, one more question on the outlook for risk management. Oh, sorry, just one more question on risk management. Doug, your comments seem to imply a little bit of a sequential slow down in organic on the back half of the year, adjusting for lapping last year exceptional out performance. I'm just kind of curious, is there anything you'd call out on that 14% and 10% organic gross guide that might be a slight headwind to gross as a year wraps up?
Douglas Howell: The nature of this business, if you look at it over the last 20 years is that you can get some pretty large clients that roll into your business. And they don't come as steady as let's say, a smaller client might do. So if you sell the likes of large U.S. corporation acts and you sell them in the fourth quarter last year, you're going to get to benefit in fourth quarter, first second third and you got to lap yourself in the fourth. So it's more the timing of new business on larger accounts that's causing that. But if you stack it up, 18% this quarter and if you think 14% and 10%. When you get down to the end of the year, you're talking some nice one of the 13% organic growth in that business. And then we do have some nice larger clients on the drawing board right now that we're proposing on. I don't know if they'll hit in the fourth quarter or they'll hit in the second or third quarter, it takes a year or two to sell these larger accounts. So it's just a little bit more naturally lumpy on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So I would encourage you to look at it on an annual basis. And if you think about what they did last year and then you're looking at this year at 13%, there's actually a sequential step up on an annual basis.
Katie Saki: Great. Thanks for your insights.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Katie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KVW. Please proceed with your questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You out there, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Sorry, it’s unmute. Can I connect there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Oh, there you go. Yes, you're coming through now.
Meyer Shields: Okay, yes, well, I probably do better on unmute. Same question from two perspective. Are your clients dealing with affordability issues in a maximum that in the context of what you said about pricing legitimately needing to go up. And I'm wondering how much of that is in client? How much more of that can client take? Is that going to shift sort of the revenue that you get from commissions as opposed to cash advantage or something like that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. And that's one of the things that gets us excited, because that's the genesis of our growth. That's what took us to a place where we could get public in 84. We are the people that help folks deal with untenable situations and turn them basically into risk management approaches. It's called larger tensions. We do that in a number of ways, whether it's by-line by state, whether it's by putting someone into a self-captive, whether it's just finding them a pool to be part of, that is a real defining aspect of Gallagher's capabilities. Do you know that?
Meyer Shields: Okay. Yes, I know that its excellent at this point. I'm trying to digest the idea of how much more insured and pay. I'm just trying to get my head around that, which maybe at all with what underwriters actually need for rate.
Douglas Howell: I think we have to look at it this way. What percentage of customers budget really is spend on insurance? And let's say some of the averages are 3%, 4%, 5% of what their total budget they're spending on insurance. So this isn't 30% of their cost structure So how much more can customers take in terms of this? Our job is to make that a small as possible. Let's never forget that. That's what we do day in and day out. But how much more can they take? Well, if their loss experience is bad, they're going to have to take some more.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, also, remember, this is not anti-underwriter. Underwriters are happy to have a self-clients move away from loss to them. If there's more self-assumption and they pick up an excess placement at the right rate, they're happy. It's not like they sell, my god, you ripped all this premium away from me. They understand the partnership. So we're counseling on, look, take more rate, make it easier for that carrier to participate in this at the right place on the coverage map. And we'll be able to get the limits you want if you got to take more skin in the game. That's all. And that I think is what  we do better than anybody.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's tremendously helpful. The same question on the re-insurance side. We've got property rates going up pretty dramatically. Is Gallagher telling its property clients that they should be buying more reinsurance in 2024 than they did in 2023?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'd say, what I'm impressed with our reinsurance people and it's way more sophisticated than I am frankly. But they are the best in the world of capital management with their clients. And this isn't a matter of us going in and talking to the local contractors that doesn't know what I'm going to do with a big time property increase or something like that. These are sophisticated buyers. They see it coming, they know how to balance their portfolio. And really, the advice Gallagher Re gives is not just buy it. And it's all about and again, I mean, this is one of the things that's exciting to me in terms of my learnings with Gallagher is that they are right at the crux of helping these clients manage their capital.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then one of the final question if I can. Just could you talk about medical cost inflation. Is the medical cost inflation that you're anticipating on the college consulting side. Is that manifesting itself at all in worker's competition claimed to Gallagher Bassett processing?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure, absolutely. I mean, a big part of workers' cap is medical only. That's escalating every month.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Douglas Howell: Our job to helped mitigate that just like we do on the employee benefit side. Use of managed care is very, very important. You'll put a better growth in expert adjusting in at services in Gallagher Bassett that is medical cost inflation hits that too. Clients will look to a Gallagher Bassett to help them reduce their total cost of risk. And when medical inflation goes up, they will be clamoring for Gallagher Bassett services.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And that's part of making sure we deliver the best outcomes.
Meyer Shields: No, absolutely. I'm just wondering why the workers come take some joy right. I'm just going to end. If this has been tremendously helpful.
Operator: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Michael Ward of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ward: Hey, guys. Thank you. I was just wondering on the M&A pipeline that you're talking about from the beginning. Is that -- would you say that's skewed to P&C, or could there be employee benefits in there too?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Oh, there'll be both. Yes, we keep a good strong pipeline on both. Now, we're not going to have another Buck on that list. I mean, Buck is one of the biggest players in that industry. Clearly moves us up in the ranking, substantially, but there are plenty of smaller practitioners. We'd love to have on board. Our tuck-in acquisition process has been benefits forever, along with P&C. So that's not a new thing. And there's lots of activity in that regard.
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think fundamentally, any smaller brokerage business that finds that they need more capabilities, whether it's P&C or benefits, it's the same decision by the owners of those businesses that they just think that they can use, join us together when we better as we serve as those clients and the capabilities they can get from us, they'll get it from whether it's wholesale, whether it's retail, whether it's benefit, even in Gallagher Bassett, they have especially acquisitions there. If it's -- as the owners, it's the same reason they're selling themselves is because they need capabilities, and they think Gallagher is the right place to get those capabilities.
Michael Ward: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe in terms of internally, in terms of your own wage sort of inflation monitoring, just curious if that has calmed down a little bit as inflation overall has slowed down?
Douglas Howell: Yes. Here's the thing. We didn't see the great resignation that you read about in the papers. We talked about that quite a bit. We were very fair with our employees on the amount of raise pools that we've given those raised pools are larger in 2022 and 2023 than they were in 2018 and 2019 on a per employee basis. So we've recognized that there are some costs that our employees have to bear, and so we think that the raises we've given them have been very fair and have acknowledged the inflation and the environment. We haven't really sat down to plan for next year yet to see where we'd be in those raised pools, but obviously we'd be fair with our folks. But as you see, some of the inflation numbers are cooling down and what it costs to live. But by and large, I think that we've been very fair. Throughout our history, we have given raises every single year that I've been at Gallagher, and we recognize the importance of our employees to do that. So, we haven't seen a big stress on that.
Michael Ward: Awesome. Thank you guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Heleniak: Yes. Just a quick question on the risk management side. Wondering if you could give a little detail on the claims count differences and changes, you've both claims count and severity and kind of what you're seeing versus either recent quarters or year-over-year, and I guess I'm more interested at. I know you touch on a little bit just on some of the casualty lines and workers comp and liability and kind of what you're seeing there in terms of the counts and the average claims size that you're handling at Gallagher Bassett?
Douglas Howell: All right. So three things on that. First, when you look at it, we were seeing more COVID claims last year and that's basically gone to very little at this point that we still grew through that. Kind of existing customers, we consider that the claims are rising for existing customers to be flat-ish, maybe out a little bit. Now that was a trend that we were seeing also when you go back pre-pandemic, because as workplaces get safer and safer, so we're really the success that you're seeing in the organic is really our new business and excellent retention. So that kind of tells you, flat-ish from existing customers growing through the loss of COVID claims and conservatively better new business and better retention. What are we seeing for severity within that severity is going up. There's no question on average. As a percentage, I don't know if it's 5% or 7%, but overall something like that.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That's a helpful detail. And then just another question on the M&A pipeline since it was so significant compared to recent quarters. Just wanting if you can also just talk about or comment on how much of that is, how much of the trend you're seeing is international versus domestic. I'm not looking for a specific breakdown, but anything you can share there on, or you continue to look at a lot more international deals than you had over the past few years?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Now international pipeline is pretty steady. The majority of what we're looking at as U.S. domestic.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then finally, any earlier read on to my renewal premium. I know it's probably a little bit early, but how that's comparing? Is it 12% or is it just too early on that?
Douglas Howell: Our July numbers are better than our June numbers. I looked at the overnight for last year and there is a noticeable difference. Now July's not over. A lot of your activity happens in the last week here, but right now our early reads month-over-month as well as another step up.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Interesting. Great. Thanks for all the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. The final question is follow-up from Weston Bloomer with UBS.
Weston Bloomer: Hey, thanks for taking my follow-up question. Are you guys closing with free cash flow was in the 2Q or any updates on the level maybe as a percent of revenue they're expecting for full year as you integrate Buck or given the strong 2Q?
Douglas Howell: Well 2Q is our notoriously smallest corners because that's when we pay out all of our incentive compensation. We pay that in April. So the 2Q is as our smallest. The second half of the year is the largest. As a percentage you all toil in that those numbers more than we do that's just not really how we look at it. The fact is our cash flows closely tracked to our EBITDA growth. As you know that that because of our tax credit. Our tax load is a percentage of our EBITDAC is usually somewhere in the 8% range. Our CapEx is pretty consistent with prior year, so you don't have a significant change in that. So the only thing that really kind of impacts our cash flows different than EBITDAC would be a little bit taxes, a little bit the little growth in CapEx and then obviously, we're paying integration costs some of those we'll throw out in cash too on that. But right now we track close -- our cash flows tracked very close to what our EBITDAC is. So the growth in the EBITDAC is pretty much so what you're going to see growth in our cash flows.
Weston Bloomer: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe ex integration cost is Buck, maybe cash flow neutral or maybe slightly cash flow negative just given the lower margin there?
Douglas Howell: Oh, it's cash flow positive. I mean, we're not spending that much that on integration on this acquisition. So I would say over three years I think we're going to spend $125  million something like that. And it throws off cash flows and that's what's about.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks for being with us this evening everybody. I really appreciate you joining us. I think you can probably tell that myself and the team are extremely pleased with our second quarter performance. We're reflecting on fully year 2023 financial outlook relative to our early thinking, it has improved on every measure. As we sit here today we remain very bullish on the second half. And most importantly to our more than 48,000 colleagues around the globe, thank you for all you do day in and a day out, I believe our continued financial success is a direct reflection of our people and our culture. Thank you very much. We look forward to speaking with you again at our IR Day in September. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Companies First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Our participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. The company does not assume any obligation to update information or forward looking statements provided on this call. These forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the information concerning forward looking statements and risk factors sections contained in the company's most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on such risks and uncertainties. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the and relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. On the call for today is Doug Howell, our CFO as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had an excellent first quarter to start the year. For our combined brokerage and risk management segments, we posted 12% growth in revenue, 9.7% organic growth. GAAP earnings per share of $2.52, adjusted earnings per share of $3.30 up 12% year-over-year. Reported net earnings margin of 21%, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 38% up 29 basis points. We also completed 10 mergers totaling $69 million of estimated annualized revenue and we are recognized as the world's most ethical company for the thirteenth time, an outstanding quarter from the team. Let me give you some more detail on our first quarter performance starting with our Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 12%. Organic was 9.1%. Acquisition rollover revenues were $61 million. Adjusted EBITDAC growth was 15% and we posted adjusted EBITDAC margin of 40.4% right on our March IR Day expectations. A fantastic quarter for the brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and provide some more detailed commentary on our brokerage organic. Starting with our retail brokerage operations. Our U.S. PC business posted over 7% organic. Core new business was up year-over-year, even growing over the tough renewal compare in D&O lines, while retention was similar to last year's first quarter. Our UK PC business also posted more than 7% organic due to strong new business production, stable retention and the continued impact of renewal premium increases. Our combined PC operations in Australia and New Zealand posted organic of 10%. Net new versus loss business was consistent with prior year and renewal premium increases were ahead of first quarter 2022 levels. Rounding out the retail PC business, Canada was up 6% organically reflecting solid new business and consistent year-over-year retention. Our global employee benefit brokerage and consulting business posted organic of nearly 7%. New business remains strong and client retention was excellent. We saw growth across many of our practice groups with particular strength in HR consulting and pharmacy benefits. Shifting to our wholesale and specialty businesses. Risk placement services, our U.S. Wholesale operations posted organic of nearly 8%. This includes 16% growth in open brokerage and about 5% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. New business production and retention were both consistent with last year's first quarter. UK specialty posted organic of 17% benefiting from a strong start within aviation and the addition of new teams focused on North American risks. And finally, reinsurance, Gallagher posted 12% organic reflecting new business wins, great retention and a hardening property reinsurance market. Outstanding results from the Gallagher Re team. Pulling it all together Brokerage segment all in organic of 9.1% that's a bit above the top end of our first quarter expectation and a fantastic sales quarter by the team. Next, let me provide some thoughts on the PC insurance pricing environment, starting with the primary insurance market. Overall, global first quarter renewal premiums that's both rate and exposure combined were up more than 9% consistent with the 8% to 10% renewal premium change we had been reporting throughout 2022. Renewal premium increases remain broad based across nearly all of our major geographies and product lines around the globe. For example, workers' comp is up low single digits, general liabilities up mid to high single digits. Umbrella and package are up in the low double digits, so most lines are trending similar to previous quarters. Two exceptions. First, public D&O where renewal premiums are down a bit and second property, where renewal premium increases are accelerating. For example, fourth quarter property renewal premiums were up 15% and through the first three months of 2023, we have seen increases of 15%, 20%, and 17%, respectively. So, our clients continue to feel cost pressures here due to rising replacement values, increasing frequency and severity of weather related events and hard reinsurance conditions. We're not seeing signs that these lost costs and profitability pressures are likely to abate in the near term. So as we head to our largest primary insurance property quarter we are focused on helping our clients navigate and mitigate these premium increases. Moving to exposures. We are seeing continued strength in our customer's business activity. First quarter mid-term policy endorsements audits and cancellations combined were better than first quarter 2022 levels greater than the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases. Shifting to reinsurance. During the heavy Japan centric April renewals, reinsurance carriers continued to focus on increased pricing and tightening terms and conditions. This was across a broader range of territories and most all lines of business, so in even harder conditions compared to January 1. The casualty trading market saw orderly renewals and a sufficient supply of capital to fulfill the demand from underwriting enterprises. The property market continued to experience its recent challenges due to more limited underwriting capital. There were some green shoots in the ILS issuance, although pricing was typically less attractive to CDs than the traditional markets. Overall, there wasn't much new capacity entering the property market regardless, our teams navigated the hard market and customers again managed to secure satisfactory cover. Those interested in more detailed commentary can find our April first view market report at our website. Looking forward, there is good reason to expect a cautious underwriting stance from carriers for the foreseeable future as they contemplate recent weather events, replacement cost increases, social inflation and ongoing geopolitical tensions into their view of lost cost trend. So we expect insurance and reinsurance pricing increases to continue throughout 2023 and while it's early likely into 2024. We also remain optimistic on our customer's business activity during 2023. We have yet to see any significant shifts to daily indications of client, business activity thus far in April. We are also seeing encouraging employment levels for our benefits clients suggesting the economic backdrop for 2023 remains broadly favorable. Recent data shows the U. S. Unemployment rate declining. Continued growth in non-farm payrolls and a very wide gap between the amount of job openings and the number of people unemployed and looking for work. So I see demand for our products and services around attracting, retaining, and motivating workforces remaining strong. As we sit here today, we continue to see full-year 2023 brokerage segment organic in that 7% to 9% range and that would be another fantastic year. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. We had an active first quarter completing 10 new tuck in brokerage mergers representing about $69 million of estimated annualized revenues. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Also in April, we officially welcomed the former Buck colleagues, combined with our existing employee benefits brokerage and HR consulting business we will enhance our offerings and be better positioned to deliver superior human capital solutions for all of our clients. Moving to our pipeline, we have nearly 40 term sheets signed or being prepared representing more than $350 million of annualized revenue. Good firms always have a choice of who to partner with, and we'll be very excited if they choose to join Gallagher. Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher asset. First quarter organic growth was 14.3% ahead of our expectations due to continued growth from recent new business wins and some revenue from first quarter New Zealand cyclone and flooding. We also saw core new arising claims increase in the low single digits during the quarter for existing clients across both workers' comp and liability. First quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was also strong at 19.2% ended up a bit ahead of our March expectations. Looking forward, we see full-year 2023 organic around 12% to 13% and adjusted EBITDAC margins holding up or above 19% and that would be another excellent year. And I'll conclude with some comments regarding our Bedrock culture. I'm very pleased that just a few weeks ago, we were recognized as the World's Most Ethical Companies for the thirteenth time. We're honored to be one of only 135 companies globally to receive this award from the Ethisphere Institute. Our 45,000 plus colleagues embrace and celebrate the unique values that we have instilled in our company. The 25 tenants articulated in the Gallagher way continue to drive our global team's success today and we believe that our unique culture is a key differentiator and a competitive advantage. It's a strong culture of client focus, excellence, and inclusion and it continues to drive us forward. That is the Gallagher way. Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon everyone. As Pat said, an excellent start to the year. Today, I'll begin with some comments using both our earnings release and our CFO commentary document that we post on our website. I'll touch on organic margins and provide some modeling helpers for the remainder of 2023. Then I'll finish up with my typical comments in cash, M&A capacity and capital management. Okay. Let's flip to page 2 of the earnings release. All in brokerage organic of 9.1%. Call it right at the top end of the range we foreshadowed at our March 16th IR Day, a nice finish from our London specialty operations and a little upside from reinsurance benefits. One call out on that table. Contingence didn't grow organically this quarter for three reasons. First, there's a little geography between supplementals and contention call that about $2 million. Second, there was a bit of positive development in Q1 2022 from the prior year 2021 estimates. Call that $3 million and again, that's back in first quarter 2022, causing a little difficult compare. And third, we are not expecting one of our programs to pay as large of a contingent here in 2023 because of underlying loss ratio deterioration. Call that maybe towards a million. Regardless, base organic at 9.5% and all in at 9.1% that's a fantastic quarter by the team. Hoping to page 4 of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. We posted 40.4% for the quarter, before FX, that's up 56 basis points. And FX adjusted up 14 basis points over first quarter 2022. That's right in line with our March IR Day expectations when we discuss that first quarter 2022 expenses were lower than our expected run rate simply because we are still in the Omicron portion of the pandemic and that our tuck in acquisitions are just not as seasonally weighted. But they don't roll in at 40 points of margin here in the first quarter. If you levelize for those two items, our margins expanded approximately 110 basis points. Maybe looking at it like a bridge from first quarter 2022 will be helpful. Investment income gave us 90 basis points of margin expansion. The normalization of Omicron T&E expenses and inflation on all T&E costs us 80 basis points. The seasonal impact from rolling M&A uses about 40 basis points. Organic gave us 70 basis points of expansion and some additional wages and IT investments used about 25 basis points. Follow that bridge and the mass gets you close to that 14 basis points of FX adjusted expansion in the quarter. Looking forward, it's still early yet with a fantastic first quarter combined with pass up commentary makes us more bullish on hitting that full-year brokerage organic in the 7% to 9% range and posting adjusted margins up 60 basis points to 80 basis points. Two small heads up on that. First, getting to that 7% to 9% organic for the full-year might be a little lumpy over the next three quarters given the large life case we sold in Q2 2022. And then the 606 deferred revenue accounting in our fourth quarter. We discussed both of those with you last year, so there's no new news here. Just a reminder for your modeling. Second, the 60 to 80 basis points of margin expansion is before the roll in impact of Buck, which recall naturally runs lower margins. So when you include Buck, the math would show full year margin expansion in that 20 to 30 basis points range. So moving on to the Risk Management segment and the organic table at the bottom of page 4. As Pat said, an excellent quarter, 14.3% organic growth We did get a little tailwind this quarter because Omicron caused fewer claims arising in Q1 2022 and we also had some New Zealand [CAC] (ph) claims activity. But most of this excellent result comes from strong new business wins in the second half last year. As for margins, put to page 5 of the earnings release. Risk Management posted adjusted Q1 EBITDAC margins of 19.2%. That's up 177 basis points over last year. As we look forward, we're seeing the rest of the year organic in that 12% to 13% range and full-year margins now finishing a bit above 19%. That would be the best full-year adjusted margin in Gallagher asset six decade history. Another demonstration of the benefits of scale, intellectual capital, technology and operational excellence. Let's turn to page 6 of the earnings release. That's our Corporate segment and also, when you take a look at pages 3 and 4 of the CFO commentary document, most all of the items are right in line with our March IR Day forecast. Three callouts on the CFO commentary document. When you see Page 3, you'll see a slight tick up in our expected book effective tax rate. That's entirely due to the UK rate hike to 25% that went effective April 1st. But remember what you're seeing is a book effective tax rate. Our cash taxes paid rate is substantially lower. Call that around 10% of our adjusted combined brokerage and risk management EBITDAC. That's because of the tax shield from interest, the amortization of purchase intangibles and the incremental cash flows from our clean energy investments over the coming years. Page 5 of the CFO commentary shows those tax credits. We have over $700 million as of March 31st, and it shows that we're forecasting to use about a $180 million to $200 million in 2023 with a step up in 2024 in each later year. That's a really nice cash flow sweetener to help fund future M&A. Then if you flip back to page 4 of the CFO commentary document, you'll see that we had a slight beat on the Corporate segment this quarter compared to our midpoint, but some timing in that beat. So you'll see full-year still about the same as what we forecasted our March IR Day. Moving now to page 6 of the CFO commentary document, that table shows our rollover M&A revenues. It shows $61 million this quarter, which is pretty close to that $63 million we estimated during our March IR Day. And also looking forward, we've now included Buck in that table, but remember, you'll need to add your pick for other future M&A to these estimates. Let me move to some comments on cash, capital management and future M&A. At March 31, available cash on hand was around $1 billion, but note that about $600 million was used to buy Buck in early April. So call it $400 million. This means we estimate that we have about $2 billion more to fund M&A for the rest of this year and our early look is another $3 billion or more in 2024 usually to fund our M&A program, utilizing only free cash and incremental debt while maintaining our strong investment grade ratings. One final reminder, recall during our March IR Day, we mentioned that we would be reclassifying how we present fiduciary balances on our balance sheet and in our cash flow statement. These re-classes are purely GAAP geography, and we're doing so to better align our presentation with how many other brokers present their statements. You might notice some of that movement in the recast balance sheet on page 12 of their earnings release. To help you understand all of the movement there'll be a comprehensive table in our 10-Q that we will file later next week. Again, all of this is to make our presentation more consistent with most of the other public brokers and all of the changes just gap geography. So those are my comments. Another terrific quarter and looking forward, we see strong organic growth, a great pipeline of M&A and continued opportunities for productivity improvements, all fueled by an amazing culture. I believe we are very well positioned to deliver another fantastic year. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Doug. Operator, I think we're ready for some questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. This call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Weston Bloomer with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Weston Bloomer: Hi. Good afternoon. My first question is on the margin expansion you're expecting for full-year 2023. How should we think about the cadence of that margin expansion as we move through the year? I think you'd previously guide to 1Q being lower relative to 2Q and 4Qs. Is that still largely the case excluding Buck or can you just help us think about the moving pieces as we go through the year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Alright. So you're asking me about how do we fuel the margin extension quarter-to-quarter. Is that the question?
Weston Bloomer: Yeah. More or less, because you highlighted some of the lumpy nature in organic. I'm just kind of curious on how that plays out on the margin as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Alright. Let me see if I can dig that out for you here. Should have it right here, and I apologize it's not quick on this. I think that -- stand by here. In the second quarter, I think that we'd probably have -- maybe the second and third quarter more flat and then a little bit more upside, maybe towards 30 basis points in the fourth quarter, I think, is what I'm looking at here.
Weston Bloomer: And is there any seasonality to Buck's margin as well?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'm sorry. Let me check that. I just looked at there are 9, I'm seeing probably 10 basis points of expansion in the second quarter, 20 in the third and maybe 20 in the fourth.
Weston Bloomer: Great. And does that include seasonality to Buck as well? I think you had previously said it was roughly run rate.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: That’s right. That includes Buck.
Weston Bloomer: Okay. Great. And can you can you give a sense to of how quickly Buck is growing? I see in the acquired revenue table that's, call it $77 million per quarter. I'm assuming that's including a few other deals in there, but I'm curious if that's assuming any growth for Buck or how quickly that business is currently growing?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. This is [Indiscernible]. Buck has been pretty stable across the country last year, across the world last year. They have very strong growth in the U.K. and then their engagement last communications business. They just finished Q1 with their best sales quarter in the last five years. We're already beginning to have a lot of revenue synergy discussions, very organic early stages, built a pretty strong pipeline. We're already going on in on deals together. It's a little early to give predictions on what this looks like, but we do expect them to have mid-single digit growth this year.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Weston.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question, maybe I'm just confused. I thought you said Brokerage margin, can expand 50 basis points sorry, 60 basis points to 80 basis points for the year. But then in response to Weston's question, you were talking about 10 basis points to 30 basis points of expansion over the next few quarters.
Douglas K. Howell: All right. Question one is without the math that results from Buck because they run naturally lower margins. That was the question that we answered for, Weston. The 60 basis points to 80 basis points is how we're looking at Gallagher before Buck. Does that help?
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Got it. Yes. That helps. Thank you. And then in terms of the organic outlook, still kind of keeping the 79% range for the year. Can you just give us a sense of what you're embedding in there for the economy as well as pricing when you think about or you're just expecting a general stable environment over the next few quarters compared to what we saw in the Q1.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think, Elyse, this is Pat. I think that we're just sort of predicting that it's a stable environment over the next three quarters. We're not seeing a lot of rate reduction. We are seeing continued, and by the way, I'd point out being a little proud about this. We've been the one saying we're not seeing recessionary pressure in the middle market by our clients around the United States in particular. Those businesses are continuing to grow and they are robust, even with the headwinds of higher interest rates and higher insurance costs. And those insurance costs are not backing off, and we can tell you this data day-to-day, line-by-line, geography-by-geography, country-by-country. So, I think that our commentary in our prepared remarks about it being a pretty firm market, looking like it's going to continue that way for all the reason we enumerated, we view it that same way over the next three quarters.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. That's helpful. And then you guys, I know right, the laws related to your clean energy investments right expired at the end of ‘21, and you guys have kind of I think, or kept some of the plants open. Is there still the potential that you guys could generate more tax credits there or have you kind of not expecting that at this point?
Douglas K. Howell: We're preserving all the machines that allow us to generate those tax credits if there's something that might come out of an energy bill or a tax reconciliation bill yet this year. Those plants could be put back into service.
Elyse Greenspan: Do you think there's a high probability that could happen?
Douglas K. Howell: Elyse, I don't know if there's a high probability of anything getting done in Washington. So I mean, that I would hope so, but I wouldn't put high probability on anything coming out of there. Yes, but if the plant sits there for another year, they sit there for another year.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks for the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good. Thanks, Elyse.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Well, good afternoon, everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Hey, Greg.
Greg Peters: So, I think before I get into the results, I wanted to step back and just talk about talent recruiting and employee producer retention, and maybe if you could give us an update on how that's progressing inside Arthur J. Gallagher. And I guess in a parallel question, there was some recent announcements of promotions in the c-suite and, Pat, I don't think you, I think you have plenty of gas left in the tank, so maybe you could provide some context about some of those announcements as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, let me address a couple things first, Greg, so first, our recruiting efforts are ongoing. We are always recruiting producers, excited about the fact that our 500 interns will begin showing up in a few weeks here, in the United States, if I look around the globe, it's probably more like 600 interns. As you well know, we recruit heavily from that group, and our consistency of retention there is very strong, and continues to be strong. So, we have a good pipeline and a good -- we do a good job of landing new producers, nothing to announce in the way of any more robust efforts in that regard than are normal. And so I think I feel really good about that. In terms of retention of producers, very, very, very strong retention, and I think that we offer a great place to acquire trade, and we pay people well to do that. We're still one of the places that believes in remunerating people for their growth in books. So, I feel good about our production recruits. I feel good about our new hires, and I feel very good about the retention level that we have with the people that are. As it relates to the article, which was not an announcement, I would just simply say that we don't make a lot of comments on news stories, Greg, and I think you know that. I'm the CEO, and I feel great. Thank you very much.
Greg Peters: I expected that kind of comment from you, so but thank you for validating it. I guess, my follow on question will deal with M&A. And I know you comment on this almost every quarter, but the interest rate environment has posed a changing landscape for M&A. We look at your multiples sits in the, Doug's CFO commentary tables, and it doesn't look like the multiples are changing much. Can you talk about how you view M&A at the current prices that are being in the marketplace? Do you think, you talk about the 40 term sheets or outstanding, it seems like you have 40 term sheets every quarter. But can you talk about, how the interest rate environment might change your perspective on what you're willing to pay?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. I will. First of all, let me put some color on that. If I read the business insurance article correctly about a week ago, I think M&A in the first quarter is down about 29%. That's after year-after-year-after-year, more PE entries, more deals being done it's, so I think we're seeing a slowdown in the number of transactions, which I do think reflects a slowdown in the number of new entrance. There are some -- there are some people who have been very active in the past that are less active now. At present, we're not seeing a big decrease in those multiples. If you had 20 people bidding on a property 18 months ago, you still have 11 today. And so, I do believe that, like anything, supply and demand, if that demand continues to decrease and interest rates are in some way impinging that capital, I think that you will see multiples come down, but they're not doing that right now.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good afternoon. First question, in the prepared remarks, you talked about property rates accelerating. Any stats or any way we can dimension what percentage of your revenues on the Brokerage side, touch that element of acceleration and it doesn't seem like from your organic guide that you're taking in that acceleration continuing or maybe I'm incorrect?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen I can give you some percentage of our book, our property book we include package in there also is going to be somewhere around just doing the mental math here real quick, is around 27%, something like that of our first quarter, total revenues in the P&C units. One of the things that our guys do is there and we all do out there is pretty good at mitigating some of that rate increase. So, when you look at it, property rates are going up 17%, you might see commissions going up 10% or 11%, 12% something like that because you increase deductibles, you bring down limits, you come up some more creative programs in that. So, that is a line of business where the direct correlation between the premium increase and then the commissions that we get there's a delta there.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think that's a -- I'm piling in here. This is, Pat. That's a very, very good point. Every time in a firm market, we get that question. Rates are up on XYZ 12%. You're showing 6%. Why is that? Because our job is to not pass on the 12%, and we're good at that.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. Okay. That's -- and that thanks for the answer, Doug, that excludes reinsurance?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. That's right. But most of our reinsurance are on renewal, so you've already seen that math.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. Okay. Follow-up investment income. Maybe I might have missed this, because I jumped on a minute late, but was there any help with if this is the right investment income run rate? I know that there might have been book sales in the number two. It looks like it was better than expected. I know there were some new -- there's some noise on the fiduciary balances too now. So, should you truly be thinking we need some help there?
Douglas K. Howell: All right. So, book sales would have been tiny. I think the total amount of book sales this quarter was about 200,000 bucks, something like that. So that wouldn't have influenced it in our numbers, at all. Our investment income on the face of the financial statements also includes our premium funding businesses. So, you will -- so that the amount of invest income that translates right into that number. Just take 90% of what you see as investment income and on the face and 90% of that is real, additional incremental investment income. When you look at what it means for the rest of the year, if you follow the interest rates through the big tick-up starting about last month last year, and so second half of the year, the increase in investment income is not as dramatic as it is here in the first quarter. So, if I were to look at full year impact of investment income on our organic lift, that would be about maybe 60 basis points for full year, 60 basis points of margin expansion from invest income for the full year. So, you can see here this quarter was up fueled about 90 basis points and for the full year it would be about 60 basis points to 70 basis points, something like that.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. And maybe just, well, last quick one. Given how much improvement Gallagher has shown in its margins over the last few years. Is there a way to dimension what percentage of the deals you guys look at have a better margin profile than Gallagher, or should we expect there to, there to be up maybe similar like a Buck headwind sometimes going forward as you guys continue to do deals.
Douglas K. Howell: No. I think if you look at our pipeline and you project it, we would think that if I were standing in January of next year looking back, what's to be the impact of rolling M&A excluding Buck. So, all it might use about 10 basis points to 20 basis points of margin expansion. So, it has a significantly smaller impact on the full year because we're so seasonally large in the first quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from David Montemaden with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
David Montemaden: Hi. Thanks. I just had a question just on the margin. So, I've understand, Doug, so we got, the 90 basis point tailwind from fiduciary income here in the first quarter, maybe that ticks down for the full year, like 60 basis points sounds like Buck is about a 50 point headwind to offset that. And then, I guess, we have organic that should contribute 60 basis points to 80 basis points I guess. Could you talk about some of the other headwinds that are going to offset some of the margin expansion going forward? Because, yes, I'm struggling to get to the 20 basis points to 30 basis points this year.
Douglas K. Howell: All right. So, maybe let me back-up and just say, and think about it this way. We built a bridge this quarter from last year first quarter, right? So, if we were look -- if we were standing in January of ‘24, looking at a year that we're kind of seeing in that organic in the 7% to 9% range, here are some of the components we've talked about already and I'll toss in a couple more. So, where we said that maybe investment income would give us 60 basis points, 70 basis points, 80 basis points of margin expansion for full year, but not the 90 basis points. We got to think about as the normalization of the Omicron T&E expenses and then maybe some inflation on other T&E throughout the year, but we were back to doing full business in the second half of last year. That may cost margin expansion, let's say a 30 basis points to 40 basis point. I told you about the rolling impact of regular tuck-in acquisitions excluding Buck that would maybe use 10 basis points to 20 basis points of margin expansion. That gives you organic maybe in that 70 basis points to a 100 basis points just pure organic without those things, 70 basis points to a 100 basis points of margin expansion. And then we are making some additional -- we provided some additional raises that we talked about last quarter. We are making some additional IT investments all those maybe $5 million to $8 million a quarter that would use maybe 20 basis points to 50 basis points of margin expansion. Again, these are ranges, follow that bridge for the full year and that gets you back to the 60 basis points to 80 basis points of FX adjusted margin expansion for the year. So, then you'd layer in Buck, and that would get you down to that margin expansion that you mentioned there. So, I hope that bridge, and I don't have a crystal ball, it's not January of next year, but you -- if that was type of range you get some from investment income, you get a lot from organic, some goes back because of T&E and the rolling impact has a little impact, and we're making some investments. So, if we ended up the year and ignored Buck being up 60 basis points to 80 basis points, knowing me in January next year, I'd probably point out that we would have expanded margins 600 basis points in five years, and knowing my personality, I probably would say that I still would feel confident that we would have more and more productivity opportunities as we look forward. So, a lot can change in nine months, but wouldn't that be a great year for us to post. So, that's those are kind of my thoughts on that, and I hope that helps all the listeners on this to understand that where the pieces are coming from and hopefully that will help you build your models.
David Montemaden: Yes. That helps a lot. Thanks for that. I appreciate that, Doug. Maybe just a follow-up, Doug, I think you said you sounded, or you did say you were bullish on hitting that full-year organic in the 7 to 9 range after being a little bit above that this quarter. It sounds like renewal premiums are chugging along. The economy is also chugging along. Is it really just the tougher comps that is holding you back from increasing that outlook? Or is there anything else that I that we should think about that that's on your guys' mind as you were thinking about the organic growth outlook over the rest of the year?
Douglas K. Howell: I think the accounting on the deferred revenue from 606 in the fourth quarter plus maybe a life cases. Now maybe we sell some more life cases that come in pretty lumpy. Those probably cost us 50 basis points. The combination of the two and full-year organic something like that. But one thing I will say is that when we look at our dailies, you know, these are the overnights where we get a scrape of all the renewals that are going on, I got to tell you, April looks a lot more -- looks stronger in terms of premium increases than we were seeing before even on a mix adjusted basis. There is a tone that we're seeing in our data, not from anecdotal polling, that there is some further strengthening in all lines and all geographies, maybe other than one or two smaller ones. So, who knows? Maybe we'll be close to the 9%, but we're still comfortable in that that 7% to 9% range.
David Montemaden: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. And then maybe if I could just sneak one more in for Scott. Just on the Gallagher asset non comp liability claims. Just it sounded like core underlying claims were up low single digits during the quarter. That was both in workers' comp on liability lines. I'm wondering on liability lines, is that up low single digits a significant change to how that core underlying claims level was running in the previous quarters?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I mean there's a couple of things going on. One is we happen to be, if you look at kind of the new business we've been selling, it's been connected to more liability activity. So it's not necessarily that individual accounts are saying more. But the new business tends to be tilting a little bit in that direction.
David Montemaden: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Hughes with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Hey, Mark.
Douglas K. Howell: Hey, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Pat, you've been pretty enthusiastic about what you're seeing around exposures. In the construction space, if banks are really tightening up, would you have started to see that? Would there be some early project work that would flow through your system. Do you have any kind of view on what you think will help or what will happen there given the banking crisis.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So, Mark, I'm not sure I'm understanding the question. If I look in my data, is the question around what we're seeing in the construction risks that we ensure?
Mark Hughes: Correct. Any early signs of pressure because of the banking situation?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: In fact, if anything right now, construction continues to be pretty unrobust. First off, you've got, you do have a lot of infrastructure stuff that now is flowing through, and our infrastructure contractors are doing very well. And when you get down to the more -- to the smaller contractors, their backlog is strong.
Mark Hughes: Any observation about the carrier's willingness to pay claims with perhaps inflation in the system, are they tightening up there? And is that -- are you seeing that in your relationships with the carriers?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I will say this. I'm proud of the industry market. One of the things that I think stays consistent is that our carriers and I'd say this on a broad based basis are paying the legitimate claims that they have filed with them. And I think they're paying them in a in a timely fashion, and I think they're paying them fairly. Now you can get to certain jurisdictions. I don't mind mentioning it. Florida was assignment of benefits and litigation on behalf of the claims, and there's a battle going on there. But by and large, when you put a legitimate claim into the system, the insurance industry is a very efficient model of paying that claim. We are not sitting there with a lot of complaints from our claimants.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah. Thanks for fitting me in. I just want to ask one follow-up to Greg's question earlier. You gave a hypothetical path about and I did it. Let's say there were 18 bidders on the property. Maybe now there's only 11. I guess it was only hypothetical, but 11 still seems a lot to me. I'm wondering in the market today are there still a lot of bidders who are flush with cash? Are they raising debt in this environment to make the acquisitions? What's their funding that keeps them around?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, a, I don't understand it, and I'm not smart enough too. So let's start with that. And b, yes, they're raising funds like crazy. One of our competitors that I won't name actually eliminated their integration team and their acquisition team. Announced publicly that they were no longer going to be actively pursuing acquisitions, they've got additional funding and they're back in the game. Go figure out who would sell to that. Not me. So then you go to other players that have been more consistent long term. And, yes, they're they received significant funding in the last 60 days. So they are flush. That capital's got to work. They didn't get it to put it interest. So there's competition out there.
Joshua Shanker: And in terms of the price they are paying, I mean, I've always felt that there's not really a big patching going on. People want to come in partners with Gallagher and it's a choice acquirer compared to some others. Is there evidence that certain sellers are willing to not consider certain bidders who might be less of an attractive acquirer?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I think so. So, I mean, I think that's a big part of our sales, that we are always talking about the fact that the differentiator here is twofold. One, we believe we have a great franchise that offers them the opportunity to expand their business. And if they love the business or they tend to stay in it, this is the best platform in our mind to trade from. So that starts it. And then, of course, you've got the cultural aspect. And we're competitive. We're not we're not trying to sell the fact that that should give them a deep discount. But there are, you know, there are people that sell for various reasons, and we don't win them all.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you for the answers. Appreciate it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two sort of big picture questions if I can. First, Pat, you talked about within wholesale and specialty. Open brokerage is growing a lot faster than MGA and binding business. Is there something you could talk us through why there's that gap in growth rate?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure. I'll toss that to Joel. Go ahead, Joel.
Joel D. Cavaness: Sure. So, on the wholesale side, obviously, you work with larger accounts and larger accounts that end up in the wholesale space typically are larger accounts with larger exposures and a little tougher to play. So that would be really the first. And then really the second thing is the inflow of tougher accounts today that are coming out of the admitted market and coming into the several lines market or E&S depending on what your terminology is, is more robust. They're coming in very quickly because of especially the difficulty in the property market. So you would see a higher organic in that line versus our MGA binding business, which is more consistent, growing nicely, but it's more consistent in the nature of smaller accounts. So it doesn't move the needle as much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Look at it this way. Another way to put in Meyers, one is troubled business, frankly. When we're doing open market broker, brokers are coming to us because they need our help on tough to place accounts that are going up in price. Our MGAs and programs are consistently writing smaller accounts that are not distressed, that are looking for specialty coverage or specialty expertise.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No. That's very helpful. Thank you. That's definitely what I needed. Second question, I'm just wondering how should we think about reinsurance growth over the next year or so. Is there sort of a special maybe temporary boost because it's now under sort of doubters purview, and you can explain the benefits of that to the insurance company that you deal with worldwide and then once that happens, you're on a stable basis? Or is that a more enduring first of upside?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I think that's an enduring thing. When this team was part of our competitor, Willis, they had a very good block of business underneath them. A very good firm they were part of. And I would say in fact similar economic. So we're not we're not changing that. But I think we do offer a different environment. We offer a different way of trading. We're bringing our retailers together with the reinsurance people at a much higher level or I shouldn't say higher level at a much greater frequency with much greater interaction than they were used to, which I do believe will fuel their growth. And I think it will accelerate beyond what they would have achieved, but that's what it could have should and we'll never know.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks. I just had one question on pricing. I think you all had commented previously that Australia, New Zealand are potentially seeing a reacceleration in rate and the UK is also seeming quite strong. So I'm just curious if you're seeing or expect to see more of a divergence in the pricing trajectory between, the U.S. and the international business.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think they're pretty close to the same. Yes we're seeing some of those, but we're seeing, take D&O out of it right now. We are starting to see some uptick in workers' comp now. So, I mean, I don't see a lot of difference between what's going on in the U.S. and what's going on Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the UK. So it's pretty close.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Just a follow-up on the margin side and thanks for all the color on the moving pieces. But within that 20 to 30 basis points, are you assuming that the fiduciary investment income is in line with the Q1 level over the remaining three quarters?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. That's pretty close. Yeah. That's right.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, you know, I know I had asked earlier kind of just a question just in terms of just it seems like you're assuming a stable economy. Right? We see some forecasts out there for decelerating GDP or perhaps GDP to go negative. What are you guys assuming for GDP over the balance of the year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, here's the thing. Translating it directly into GDP is a different exercise But one thing, you got to separate real versus nominal first and foremost. So I can only get a look at what's the growth in the insured values and insured, what's being assured there. Remember, we're not seeing that in our data right now. I'm looking down through our industry list right now, and we talked about construction earlier, heavy construction other than building construction contractors up 12.4%, construction special trade 8%, building construction up 8%. So you look through our industry list here, we're not seeing it. We're not seeing it in our dailies overnight. The cancellations are lower than before. Negative endorsements are lower than before. Audits are audits. They have a lag factor in there, so I wouldn't look at those two terribly carefully. But we're just not seeing this in our customer’s business at this point. And believe me, our customers, if they believe they're seeing a down turn one of the things they want to do is modify their insurance program because that's cash flow to them. So, we will know in two years how accurate our dailies are. But right now, they are pretty right over the last two years.
Elyse Greenspan: And so even, I guess, if we still like, if you were thinking about what's going to have the greater impact, do we think about it being the economy and GDP or PNC pricing when we think about the next few quarters?
Douglas K. Howell: Both.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: But I think the pricing will far offset any modest contraction and exposure in it. I don't know what's going to contract in the next six months or what volumes are going to contract. We're just not seeing at least.
Douglas K. Howell: But remember, Elyse, we are the beneficiary of inflation. There are very few industries out there that really get a benefit from inflation, and we do. So as building values go up and for and right now for the first time in the decade, carriers are very, very interested in what you're insure to make sure you're ensuring the value. This inflation is hitting building costs very hard.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks for all the color.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Montemaden with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
David Montemaden: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. So I've noticed the last few quarters just in the adjusted compensation ratio commentary in brokerage. Just the impacts from savings related to back office headcount controls. Could you maybe just touch on that? I'm assuming some of this has to do with leveraging centres of excellence. But I don't think you had mentioned that as a tailwind when we think about the margin roll forward. So, I guess maybe just help me think through that, maybe not only for this year, but, like, broader picture. How big of an opportunity that is leveraging the centres of excellence.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, maybe we back up and take a look. Do you remember some of our discussion about the sensitivity of our business to inflation? We said about 40% of it is neutral because it just moves more in tandem with premium -- with our commission rates because we pay people on incentive compensation basis there. Then we've got about 40% of our whole cost structure that is moderately impacted by inflation. And then we have 20% of it that might run a little bit more close to what headline is inflation knocking off some tops of certain things that maybe transportation, gas, etcetera on that. So when you add all that up, when you look at what could be facing an -- somebody like us that's pushing $6 billion worth of cost. If something if you say that, let's say, let's call it 30% of your – 25% of your cost structure is subject to – 75% of the headline inflation number. Just think about that. Let's say there's $4 billion, I'm just doing this off the top of my head that might have 6% or 7% inflation factor in it. That's a big number. Right? And I'm saying that the only thing that's really affecting us is $5 million to $8 million bucks a quarter on it. What that's saying is as we get more productive, not just from our offshore centres of excellence, but because of technology and other process improvements that are both domestic and offshore centres of excellence. That is absolutely controlling against inflation out there. So there is substantial uplift that's happening every day because of our productivity work, our quality work and our offshore centres of excellence. And I just kind of did that off the top of my head, but you get the point. You'd see a heck of a lot more cost or expense dropping into the bottom line if we didn't have our offshore centres of excellence.
David Montemaden: Got it. Nope. That makes sense. Thank you for that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure. We're pretty proud of the quality that comes out of that operation too. Well, thank you very much everyone. Appreciate that and thank you for joining us today. As you could tell, we're extremely pleased with our start to the year. We posted a great quarter. I'd like to thank all our colleagues for their outstanding efforts this quarter. We are people business and I believe we have the best people at Gallagher. We look forward to speaking with you again at our IR Day in June. Have a nice evening, and thanks for being with us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO, Arthur J. Gallagher & Company.  Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter '22 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had a terrific finish to cap off an excellent year. During the quarter, for our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 16% growth in revenue, 11.7% organic growth. GAAP earnings per share of $0.83, adjusted earnings per share of $1.86, up 24% year-over-year, reported net earnings margin of 9%, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 29.6%, up 120 basis points. We also completed 17 mergers totaling more than $140 million of estimated annualized revenues in addition to announcing our agreement to acquire Buck, another fantastic quarter by the team and our best fourth quarter in decades. Let me give you some more detail on our fourth quarter performance, starting with our Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was 16%. Organic was 11%. Doug will explain it does include a point from our Annual 606 review, Brokerage organic and double digits is outstanding. Acquisition rollover revenues were $107 million, and our adjusted EBITDAC margin was 31.3%, up 120 basis points and in line with our December IR Day expectations, another excellent quarter for the brokerage team. Focusing on the Brokerage segment organic, let me walk you around the world and provide some more detailed commentary starting with our P/C operations. Our U.S. retail business posted 8% organic, our new business was a bit better than last year offset somewhat by less nonrecurring business, client retention and the combined impact of rate and exposure were both similar to last year's fourth quarter. Risk Placement Services, our U.S. wholesale operations, posted organic above 9%. This includes more than 12% organic and open brokerage and about 7% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. New business was strong and retention was consistent with last year's fourth quarter. Shifting to outside the U.S. Our U.K. businesses, both retail and specialty combined posted organic of 17% benefiting from excellent new business production, strong retention and the continued impact of renewal premium increases. Australia and New Zealand combined, organic was 12%. Net new versus loss business was consistent with last year and renewal premium increases were above fourth quarter '21 levels. Canada was up nearly 9% organically, reflecting solid new business and retention. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business. Organic was 3%, consistent with our December IR Day expectations. New business was similar to last year's fourth quarter and retention remained excellent. And finally, to reinsurance. Our legacy reinsurance operations crushed it with some hard earned new business wins and quarterly organic well into double digits. And recall that December was the first month our newly acquired reinsurance operations were included in organic. And while off a very small revenue base, they too had a spectacular organic growth for the month. So combined, Gallagher Re team continues to deliver outstanding results. So again, Brokerage segment, all in organic double digits. And with our outstanding fourth quarter finish, full year organic came in at 9.7%. That's our best full year Brokerage segment organic performance in decades and even more impressive when you consider we grew on top of the 8% organic we posted in '21. Next, let me give you some thoughts on the current P/C market environment starting in the primary insurance market. Overall, global fourth quarter renewal premiums, that's both rate and exposure combined, were up more than 9% that's consistent with the 8% to 10% renewal premium change we have been reporting throughout '22. Fourth quarter renewal premium changes by line of business were broadly consistent with the first 3 quarters of '22 with 1 exception, which is D&O. D&O continues to be the one area where rates are flat to down slightly, but in some cases, our customers are using the weaker pricing to purchase more limit. Exposures also continue to be consistent with the first 3 quarters of '22, indicating continued strength in our customers' business activity. In fact, fourth quarter midterm policy endorsements, audits and cancellations were better than fourth quarter '21 levels. Looking ahead, these trends appear to be holding. Thus far in January, midterm policy endorsements and audit adjustments are trending higher than last year's level and global renewal premium increases are consistent with the fourth quarter. But remember, our job is to help clients mitigate premium increases and provide an appropriate level of risk transfer that fits their budgets. Shifting to reinsurance and the important January 1 renewals. As we discussed in our 1st View Market report published earlier this month, it was a very late and complex reinsurance renewal season. Not surprising, U.S. peak zone property cat reinsurance saw some of the largest price increases. But it's worth noting 4 additional trends within property cat: First, attachment points were raised broadly; second, reinsurers pushed to remove prepaid reinstatements from some contracts; third, reinsurers, in some cases, were able to reduce coverage to named perils only; and fourth, top layers of many programs saw the largest percentage increases as reinsurers sought to push up minimum premium rates. On the casualty side, prices were up in the single to low double-digit range for most programs, while terms and conditions were more stable. Despite the tough market backdrop of higher prices, lower capacity and tightening terms, the reinsurance team was able to deliver favorable outcomes for our clients. Looking forward, the challenging reinsurance market conditions will, no doubt, put pricing pressure on the primary market during '23, and that's on top of our primary carrier partners dealing with catastrophe losses in secondary perils, including convective storms, floods and wildfires, high replacement cost inflation from raw materials to shortages in labor, social inflation, combined with the easing of the judicial system law , escalating medical cost trends and ongoing geopolitical tensions. So there's good reason to expect continued price increases and cautious underwriting for the foreseeable future. And as I mentioned before, we are not seeing any signs of exposure contraction. Rather, it seems our clients' business activity remains unchanged from the past few quarters. Within our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business, the backdrop for '23 is also broadly favorable. Employers continue to add jobs and wages are growing. So demand for our services and offerings should remain robust. So as I sit here today, '23 could be another fantastic year with brokerage organic growth nicely in the 7% to 9% range. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. We had a really active fourth quarter completing 17 new tuck-in brokerage mergers representing more than $140 million of estimated annual revenues. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals.  For the year, we completed 36 mergers, representing annualized revenue of about $250 million. Additionally, we announced an agreement to acquire Buck, a very complementary business providing retirement, HR and employee benefits consulting and administrative services with estimated annualized revenues of $280 million. We expect the transaction to close during the second quarter and look forward to welcoming our new colleagues. Moving to our merger and acquisition pipeline. We have nearly 45 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing more than $300 million of annualized revenue. We know not all of these will close. However, we believe we will get our fair share. And before I conclude my M&A comments, let me give you a quick recap on our reinsurance acquisition now that we have a full year in our books. We had a fantastic '22, thanks to strong client retention, the expansion of existing client relationships, some great new business wins and excellent growth in our pro rata business. The team is fully assimilated, is delivering for clients and there's a lot of momentum. I believe we're on track for an even better '23. Needless to say, reinsurance continues to be an exciting story. Moving on to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter organic growth was 15.6% as a strong finish to the quarter pushed organic above our mid-December expectation. Core new arising claims increased during the quarter, driven by recent new business wins and continued growth from existing clients. And fourth quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was great at 19.3%. So putting it all together, Gallagher Bassett finished the year with an adjusted EBITDAC margin of 18.5% and 13.3% organic benefiting from increased claim activity coming out of the pandemic and some really nice new business wins. Looking forward, full year '23 organic should be pushing 10% and adjusted EBITDAC margins should be around 19%. That would be another fantastic year. And I'd like to conclude with some comments regarding our bedrock culture. It's a culture of teamwork, client service and excellence, captured and celebrated in the Gallagher way. It is the culture that drove full year '22 results for our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments of 24% growth in adjusted revenues, 10% all-in organic, 25% growth in adjusted EBITDAC, adjusted EBITDAC margin in excess of 32% and 20% growth in adjusted EPS. We have a culture that our people believe in, embrace and live every day. It's a culture that will continue to drive us forward. That is the Gallagher way. Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. A fantastic fourth quarter to close out another outstanding year. Today, I'll start with our earnings release, touching on organic margins and the Corporate segment shortcut table. Next, I'll walk you through our CFO commentary document, point out a few items for the next quarter and also provide a first look at our typical modeling helpers for '23 then I'll finish up with some comments on cash, M&A capacity and capital management. Okay. Let's flip to Page 3 of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment organic table. All in brokerage organic of 11%, above the 9% to 9.5% that we foreshadowed in December. Two drivers of the upside. First, as Pat just discussed, we had a really strong finish within our P&C and reinsurance brokerage operations. Second, our annual update of 606 assumptions added about 1 point to our headline organic. Recall under ASC 606, we must routinely update our assumptions related to the amount of services provided before and after the placement of an insurance policy. Based on our most recent operational analysis, metrics and time studies, more of our services being provided at the time of placement and more of the post placement service is being handled faster in our lower-cost centers of excellence. This causes less of our revenue to be deferred and thus, we recognized an additional $15 million of revenue in the quarter. That is a small amount relative to our total deferred revenue balance nearly $435 million, but it does cause an additional point of organic. So we're the call out today.  From an expense perspective, our updated 606 assumptions also caused some additional compensation expense to be recognized during the quarter. The punchline of all this, our fourth quarter organic revenues, EBITDAC and net earnings got a small boost and adjusted EBITDAC margin was not significantly impacted. So 11% headline organic, 10% controlling for 606 and 120 basis points of margin expansion, that's a terrific quarter. Looking forward to '23, we're currently not seeing a slowdown in our clients' business activity. We're not seeing signs of price moderation from the carriers, and we still have loss cost inflation and labor market imbalances. Add that to our client for sales and service culture, we are still seeing '23 organic in that 7% to 9% range, as we stated during our December IR Day. Same with our margin outlook for '23. We are still comfortable with our December commentary. We think we can deliver about 50 basis margin expansion at 6% organic and fiduciary investment income could be a nice margin sweetener provided there isn't a surge in wage and cost inflation. One other [indiscernible] heads up for '23. On December 20, we announced our acquisition of Buck. The business operations operates at an adjusted EBITDAC margin around 20%, so please make sure a portion of your pick for future M&A revenues reflects that versus what you might pick for our other mergers. Moving on to the Risk Management segment and the organic table at the bottom of Page 6. You'll see 15.6% organic in the fourth quarter and full year organic in excess of 13%. Some of that growth this year comes from our clients' business activity still rebounding out of the pandemic and getting back to levels they saw before the pandemic. Accordingly, for '23, we're seeing organic revenue approaching 10%. Flipping to Page 7. The Risk Management adjusted EBITDAC margin of 19.3% in the quarter and 18.5% for the full year. We see a nice step-up in '23 with margins around 19% even as we continue to make investments to enhance the client experience and in analytics and tools to drive better claim outcomes. Another year of double-digit growth and margin expansion would be another terrific year. Turning to Page 8 to the Corporate segment shortcut table. In total, adjusted results were at the favorable end of our December IR day forecast. You also see 2 non-GAAP adjustments this quarter. First, our M&A transaction costs of $5 million after tax, mostly related to Buck and a little relates to Willis treaty. And second, as we discussed previously, you'll see a $31 million after-tax gain related to legal and tax matters. Now shifting to our CFO commentary document we posted on our IR website, starting on Page 3. As for fourth quarter, you'll see most of the brokerage and risk management items are close to our December IR day estimates. On the right-hand side of the page, we're providing our first look at '23. A couple of things worth highlighting: First, FX. With last year's midyear strengthening in the U.S. dollar, you'll see some volatility in how FX will impact our brokerage and risk management results in first half versus second half of '23. Please make sure to consider these impacts as you're planning your models. Second, our adjusted tax rate. With the U.K. corporate tax rate increasing to 25% effective April 1, we're providing our current estimate for full year '23 tax rate. More of an impact to our Brokerage segment than it is to our Risk Management segment, given the size of our U.K. retail London specialty and reinsurance brokerage operation. And one other thing. The left side of this page might be a nice reference when making your picks for quarterly margins given our quarterly seasonality. And finally, when you do make your margin picks, recall we were still in the Omicron portion of the pandemic during the first quarter of '22. So we're not expecting as much margin expansion in first quarter as we are in the second, third and fourth quarter of '23. Okay. Moving to Page 5. This page is here to highlight the incremental cash flows from our clean energy investments over the coming years. And remember, those come through the cash flow statement, not the P&L. You'll also see that we have $773 million of available tax credits as of December 31, '22. And that we forecast using about $180 million to $200 million in '23 and that should step up a bit in '24 and each later year. That's a really nice cash flow boost to help fund our M&A.  The way I look at the math, it might say that an additional $773 million of free cash, combined maybe another $70 million of recurring EBITDAC at that 10 to 11x multiple, which would then have a nice arbitrage for our current trading multiple. Moving to Page 6 on the rollover revenue table. For the fourth quarter, rollover revenues came in higher than our December IR day guidance. Most of all of that came from reinsurance. Over the last 3 weeks, cedents have been closing their books for '22, and we're getting updated ceded premium figures. That translated into additional commission revenue for '22. For the sake of clarity, nearly all of that upside is excluded from our organic results because it likely relates to pre-December 1, '22, which marked the first year anniversary of the acquisition. And no -- also, please note that not all of that hits the bottom line because of production and incentive comp expense on that additional revenue. That said, it's terrific to get the bump-up.  Staying on Page 6, but moving down to the bottom table. That table shows our actual reinsurance acquisition results. In a transition year, the team overperformed our pro forma expectation. That's impressive and terrific work by the team. So now let me move to some final comments on cash, capital management and future M&A. At December 31, available cash on hand was about $325 million. Our current cash position, combined with strong expected cash flows and incremental borrowing positions us well for our pipeline of M&A opportunities. In total, we estimate towards $3 billion to fund potential M&A opportunities during '23, which would include paying for Buck. And also yesterday, our Board of Directors approved an increase in our quarterly dividend by $0.04 per share. That would imply an annual payout of $2.20 per share. That's a 7.8% increase over '22. So with a strong organic outlook, margin expansion opportunities and an ever-growing M&A pipeline, from my vantage point as CFO, we are extremely well positioned for another fantastic year in '23. I'd like to thank the entire Gallagher team for another great quarter and outstanding year. Back to you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Operator, I think we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Weston Bloomer with UBS.
Weston Bloomer: So my first question is on the reinsurance market and the growth you saw there. It's obviously really strong end of the quarter. And I think you've talked about high single-digit growth there for 2023. So did the end of the year kind of change how you think about that level of growth? Or how should we be thinking that going into next year?
Patrick Gallagher: I think we are definitely going with some nice momentum. I wouldn't bank on some incremental big jump. But what I like about the momentum is when you come through a time like we did in this fourth quarter, it's interesting because you actually become much more valuable to your clients. And it's not an easy time when you're tussling back and forth with the cedents and the reinsurers trying to get these things done, terms are changing. Attachment levels are changing. But in the end, as I said in my prepared remarks, we got the placements made, and I think we are in a very strong position going forward, number one, with those clients, but also with the opportunity to pick up some new business.
Weston Bloomer: Great. And then my second question within brokerage as well. I noticed the compensation ratio as a percentage of revenue dropped pretty materially. And I think you'd called out some back-office saves, lower benefit costs, offset by some hiring. Is there a way you can call out how much each of those had an impact? Or where I'm trying to go with the question is how much additional leverage do you have to kind of bring that lower in 2023?
Douglas Howell: All right. Let me see if I can break that out from memory here. I don't have it in front of me exactly, but when you're talking about being down was at 180 basis points, something like that. Yes. Is that right? I'm just going from memory, Sorry, I'll look it up here. Probably 1/3 of that is due to the continued efficiency that we bring by being able to push work into our lower-cost centers of excellence. I think that we've had some technology wins in that area, too, to help us make our workforce more effective on that and didn't have to put on additional heads as a result of that -- those technology investments. And then I think that when it came to -- the other 1/3 is kind of escaping you right here.
Weston Bloomer: Got it. Is there any change to the compensation structure that you make in this market, too? I know there's some changes just, I guess, higher organic accounts, things like that.
Patrick Gallagher: No. We're pleased to pay our people for what they do. And we haven't messed with that compensation arrangement with our production force, in particular, in well over a decade.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of with Autonomous Research.
Unidentified Analyst: I want to follow up on the almost 10% 2022 brokerage organic results. Would you mind giving us some more color as to how pricing and exposure and net new business drove that year-over-year acceleration in organic. And then from where you sit today, how do you see those drivers changing in 2023?
Douglas Howell: So are you asking for the quarter? Are you asking for the full year? Sorry, just so I've got the baseline.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, yes, for the full year.
Douglas Howell: For the full year, right? So when I look at rate and exposure, as I did, our new business, we had a terrific new business here. So I'll say that our net new business spread was about 4 points and the rest of that is probably rate and exposure, remember between that. So maybe, again, you think about it, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 net new business over loss business is 1/3, rate was 1/3 and exposure unit growth was 1/3.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, do you have any comments on the degree to which fiduciary investment income will impact margins next year, kind of thinking about that 50 bps of expansion on 6% organic, how much that move from fiduciary investment income?
Douglas Howell: I think the -- when we give the guidance of 6 points, if we grow organically, 6%, we think we can show about 50 basis points of margin expansion on that. Investment income would be a sweetener to that. to a certain extent. But I don't have a clear line of sight yet on the size of our raise pool and our hiring needs going into next year. We understand our budget. So I can't give you a specific number on it, but you give me a pick on what you think wage inflation is going to be next year to take care of our folks, and I can probably give you that number, but I don't think we're ready yet. I might be able to give you some more of that in March.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Charles Peters: I'm going to stick on the margin commentary. In your press releases on Page 4, you talked about the operating expense ratio and some of the pressures on that. So when you -- in your guide the 50 basis points or so of margin expansion provided 6% organic, how do we think about those factors affecting your ability to expand margins? And then just on the margin expansion, can you break it out based on business unit like is it going to come in international that you're going to get margin expansion or is it going to come into the employee benefits business, you get margin expansion? Or can you source where you think that's going to -- where that -- where the improvement is going to come from?
Douglas Howell: Right. A couple of things. On the operating expense ratio, it was up in fourth quarter versus '21 fourth quarter, was up about 30 to 40 basis points, let's call it, 40 basis points on that. I think the footnote on that is explaining where it's coming from, mostly travel and entertainment, some consulting use and investments in technology. So I'd say it's probably half of that increase is investments and half of it is just the inflation that we're seeing in travel and consulting costs on that. When you're -- I think the next question was how am I seeing that vis-a-vis next year.  Remember, we were still in the omicron portion of the pandemic in the first quarter. So we are going to see a little more travel and entertainment expense return in our first quarter, but we don't see it being up significantly in the second, third and fourth quarters. So we're looking at 50 basis points of expansion next year. Most of that will come in the later 3 quarters than the first quarter. And what was there was another piece of your question, Greg?
Charles Peters: It was just when I think about within the Brokerage business, the different business units, the employee benefits, the international the retail RPS, when you look at it that way, where do you think the opportunity is for margin expansion in the context of that 50 basis points or so guidance?
Douglas Howell: Yes, it's pretty much so across all of them, Greg -- there is no standout in there anywhere that's a laggard in there.
Charles Peters: Makes sense. Okay. And the other -- just the other sort of cleanup question on Buck consulting. Can you give us -- is there any sort of cadence in terms of how the revenue flows and how the margins are. I mean is it heavier in the first quarter, either revenue or margins? Or any sort of color you can add as we -- and just as a follow-up, I assume that's also going to get folded into the Brokerage segment, correct?
Douglas Howell: Yes. So it will be part of our Brokerage segment and our Employee Benefit operation. Greg, we don't think we're going to close that in the first quarter. We think it's more of a second quarter close at this point. I don't really have a good quarterly spread that I would feel comfortable giving on the call today for that because we have to apply our study on conforming the accounting principles to theirs, apply our 606 assumptions to it. So I need a little more time to work through that. And we just signed the deal 30 days ago, and I just need to until March to give you that quarterly spread.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Michael Ward with Citi.
Michael Ward: We heard, I guess, one of your peers about -- talk about programs participants pushing back on capacity or trying to restructure commissions. I was wondering if you're seeing something similar.
Patrick Gallagher: No.
Douglas Howell: Not really.
Patrick Gallagher: Not really.
Michael Ward: Okay. Second one, I guess I was wondering, your deal spend has kind of accelerated over the last few months. It seems hoping you could maybe discuss the drivers behind that. And maybe talk about how you see 2023 playing out in this regard?
Patrick Gallagher: We have definitely seen a change in the competitive environment vis-a-vis mergers and acquisitions in the last 60 days. I'm not going to sit here and say it's not still competitive, it is. But I would say that the number of bidders is reduced, and we are seeing maybe, what I would call, a more attentive seller to exactly who the buyer is, what the culture is, the strategic value of that buyer that maybe existed 12 months ago.
Douglas Howell: Yes, we usually see a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter as people push to get things done by the end of the year, sometimes that's driven by tax or other financial planning that the sellers want to get done. But if there is a noticeable change in the market. I would say that we feel very good about our pipeline right now. There are some names on there that are really nice to have looking at us. So a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, naturally, change in market competitiveness a little bit. But I also think it's going to be pretty strong in the first couple of quarters of the year relative to what we saw this year, in particular.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Maybe sticking on the M&A point. You guys seem pretty optimistic with the pipeline, and you have announced a good number of deals of late. But if I look on the CFO commentary sheet, you also write the multiples you're seeing on deals went up 1x, right, 10 to 11x from 9 to 10, what are you seeing, I guess, in the market that's driving up multiples a little bit?
Douglas Howell: I think it's mix right now is what we're seeing is -- I think that you're seeing some pretty high performing names on the list where the growth factors are a little bit bigger than maybe they were in the past. But one turn on that, it wouldn't overly react to it one way or another.
Elyse Greenspan: And then with your margin guide for kind of the 50 to 60 basis points of expansion, are you assuming any wage inflation embedded within that guide?
Douglas Howell: Yes. We're assuming that we're paying raises this year about similar to what we have for the last 2 years. So that's in the numbers. Also in that, I did a little -- I did a small vignette during the December IR Day. If you really look underneath that, there's probably 10 or 15 basis points as we toggle to Software as a Service that might be against that 50 basis points, too. So maybe it's more like 60 basis points, but in the accounting of where that expense gets charged does influence that a little bit. You and I talked about that in December, I think, too.
Elyse Greenspan: And then on the reinsurance side, strong into the year, great rate increases we saw at January 1, but also we've seen higher retentions by primary companies. And I don't think we've really been in a similar environment, right, where you have 40% price increases with perhaps less premium to the market. So when you put that all together, does '23 feel like an environment where you could show double-digit organic growth within your reinsurance business?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think we could.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Cox: My first question is on the U.K. retail and specialty organic of 17%. Obviously, very strong. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what's driving that growth.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. As we said, a very, very strong new business in specialty with tenant rate increases. And as we've talked earlier, there were some term changes and the like. But also our aviation specialty team just crushed it this quarter in the U.K. And our retail operation across the United Kingdom did extremely well also. But I just think the whole London-based specialty team, reinsurance aviation just is set phenomenal close to the year.
Robert Cox: That's great. And just a question on the labor market. A number of companies are instituting layoffs. I'm just curious what type of unemployment rate is embedded in your organic guide of 7% to 9%. And if we did start to see some erosion there, at what point in the year do you think we would start to see that impact potentially in your organic growth?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me just back up to our prepared comments again. It's very, very interesting. First of all, we don't play that much in the high-tech Employee Benefit business, and it's not that big a segment for us in terms of the layoffs you're seeing that are making the newspaper. And as I've said in previous quarters, we're already in the same papers, right? And we all see the same news reports. However, our middle market, core business is doing -- our clients are doing extremely well, and we keep reporting our -- what we're seeing in our midterm endorsements and changes to policies and as we see both our renewals and the audits going forward, our middle market, retail, property casualty benefits business, these people are doing very, very well.  Truck counts are up. Our trucking business is very strong. Our work comp renewals in terms of payrolls are not being diminished. Now that doesn't mean that if there is, in fact, a global recession that it won't impact us, of course, it will. But at this point in time, we're not seeing that. So if you ask me where do we see an impact on that type of growth as we go forward this year. I'll tell you, our plans at present don't count on any recessionary pressure. And that could be wrong.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Andrew on for Yaron. Just looking at head count in Brokerage, it looks like there's been a pretty good pickup year-to-date and in the quarter specifically. Can we kind of talk about what's going on there? And roles you're hiring and the degree to which those hires have been reflected in organic yet?
Douglas Howell: Yes. Well, a lot of that -- remember those numbers are impacted considerably by our M&A program. So as we close the year out strong on M&A, those numbers would be in the December numbers and not in last year's December numbers, and that would impact the quarter 2.
Patrick Gallagher: And I would want to comment on that as well. We are not undergoing an organic surge in new hiring. We have a very strong internship. We bring on a very strong number of young people every year. Of course, we're always looking for good solid production hires, but you are not seeing our organic head count surge beyond the M&A activity that Doug just mentioned.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And as we think about supplemental and contingent commissions, I suppose a part of that is based on underwriting profitability of those programs. So when you think about '23, is there kind of a loss trend that you bake into forward guidance there? Or maybe more broadly, what is your view on loss trends over the course of the next year?
Douglas Howell: Are you're talking about the carriers loss trends?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, our contingents.
Douglas Howell: Right, that relates to the contingents.
Patrick Gallagher: Supplementals are not subject typically to profit-sharing arrangements, our contingents are. And to date, I'd say we probably factored nothing in, in terms of having significant increases in our operating loss ratios.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist.
Mark Hughes: Another P&C CEO suggested he didn't see as much increase in property rates in the fourth quarter as you might have expected in light of the reinsurance market dynamics, but maybe that's something that builds up as the time goes by is the higher reinsurance rates do directly impact the carriers. Would you share that observation? Do you think property could get firmer on the primary level?
Patrick Gallagher: I think property could get a lot firmer. I would say in the fourth quarter, it was very firm, in particular, in anything that had to do with Coastal, any area that was exposed to wind and fire. This market in terms of property is very difficult as it exists. And, yes, the changes to reinsurance at 1/1 will filter additional pressure onto the retail buyer. And we are out early telling our retail buyers about this. And it is going to get more difficult in what is already a very extremely difficult situation.
Douglas Howell: Yes. If you think about -- remember, our fourth quarter, Ian hit right at the beginning of the fourth quarter, there were replacements that were done in October and November that hadn't had the full impact of the $70 billion loss.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Yes. And then, Pat, last quarter, you mentioned a potential spillover effect on casualty. I don't know whether you updated your commentary on that this quarter, but do you think the reinsurance market, how much of an impact, I think, it's having on casualty, ?
Patrick Gallagher: Mark, I don't have a number on that yet. I just think that it's possible that in order to pay for some of these property increases, other lines are going to have to be tagged. And I think I'll be able to feel that since it maybe have a better number around that at the end of the first quarter. And I may be wrong on that. At this point, I'm not being told by our carriers that that's happening.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Michael Ward with Citi.
Michael Ward: I just had a quick follow-up maybe on Elyse's question and the potential for double-digit growth in reinsurance. Just wondering if that's kind of -- if we should think about that as being achievable with current capacity or if incremental capacity might need to come to the market in order to get there?
Patrick Gallagher: I think that it will be achievable with existing capacity. I was very pleased -- our reinsurance people were telling us in late November and December, early December that they were very fearful some of these placements just weren't going to get done. And that is a nightmare on all sides of the equation. And in fact, really, really pleased and proud of the team that did the work to bring the programs together for our clients as January got going here. So I think on existing capacity, of course, the largest renewal season is now winding down. It's not over, but it's winding down. And so I do think the increases going forward could come off existing capacity. However, having said that, any additional capacity would be very welcome and will be utilized quickly and would add to that. All right. Then let me just add a few comments as I wrap up. I want to thank you again for joining us this evening. Obviously, I'm very pleased with our '22 financial performance. I am still very excited about our future. I want to thank our clients for their continued trust, our 43,000-plus colleagues for their passion, hard work and dedication. And finally, I need to mention our carrier partners. They do play an integral role in meeting our clients' insurance and risk management needs. And we look forward to speaking with you all again at our March IR Day. So thank you for being with us, and we'll talk to you then.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, your lines will be open for questions, following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded, if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. On the call for today is Doug Howell, our CFO; as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Before I get to my comments about our financial results, I'd like to acknowledge the damage of devastation caused by Hurricane Ian. Our professionals are working diligently to help our clients sort through their coverages, file claims and ultimately get losses paid. At the same time, many of our own colleagues are doing the same for themselves. Our hearts go out to all of those impacted by the storm. In the aftermath of events such as in the insurance industry's role and response is paramount to help families, businesses and communities restore their lives. I'm really honored to be part of an industry with such important responsibility. Okay, on to my comments regarding our third quarter financial performance. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 15% growth in revenue, 8.4% organic growth, net earnings growth of 12%, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 15%, and we completed or signed 7 mergers in the quarter totaling about $60 million of annualized revenues. Another fantastic quarter by our team. Let me give you some more detail on our third quarter performance, starting with our Brokerage segment. During the quarter, reported revenue growth was 16%. Of that, 7.8% was organic. That's right in line with our September IR Day expectation when we previewed there would be about a full point of headwind related to timing from a tough '21 comparison within our benefits business. Acquisition rollover revenues were $162 million. Net earnings growth was 11%, and we posted adjusted EBITDAC margins of 32.3%, a bit better than our IR Day guidance. Another excellent quarter for our brokerage team. Focusing on brokerage segment organic, it continues to be broad-based by both business and geography. Let me walk you around the world and provide some more detailed commentary, starting with our P/C operations. Our U.S. retail business posted 9% organic with strong new business and solid client retention, both consistent with last year's third quarter. Risk Placement Services, our U.S. wholesale operations, also posted organic of 9%. This includes more than 20% organic in open brokerage and about 5% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. New business was strong at more than 27% of prior year revenue, and retention was consistent with last year's third quarter. Shifting outside the U.S. Our U.K. businesses posted organic of 15% with excellent new business production and retention. Australia and New Zealand combined organic was 9%. New business production remained very strong and retention improved relative to last year's third quarter. Canada was up 13% organically and continues to benefit from renewal premium increases, robust new business and consistent retention. Moving to our Employee Benefit Brokerage and Consulting business. As I mentioned earlier, as we signaled last quarter and again at our September IR Day, our benefits business faced a tough organic comparison this quarter. Recall that due to last year's upward development in covered lives as employers resumed hiring coming out of the depths of the pandemic. Leveling for that, our benefits business organic was about 3%. And that's consistent with our IR Day expectations and includes strong growth with our HR benefits consulting units and solid growth in our international businesses. And before I conclude my organic comments, let me give you a quick update on our December 21 reinsurance acquisition. Third quarter revenues were right in line with our expectations and while not included in our Brokerage segment organic yet after controlling for breakage prior to closing, organic was around 8%. That's just outstanding. With expected revenues and EBITDAC for full year unchanged, reinsurance continues to be a fantastic story. So headline Brokerage segment all in organic of 7.8% and around 9% after controlling for the benefits comparison either way, an outstanding organic quarter. Next, let me give you some thoughts on our current PC market environment, starting in the primary insurance market. Overall, global third quarter renewal premiums, that's both rate and exposure combined, were up 10.5%. That's a bit higher than renewal premium change in the first half of '22. As for rate, most lines of business and geographies saw increases in third quarter, similar to the first half with only one exception being D&O, where rates are now closer to flat, but our customers are buying more limits. Additionally, our customers' third quarter business activity was not reflective of any economic slowdown. In fact, revenue related to third quarter midterm policy endorsements, audits and cancellations combined were above third quarter '21 levels. Looking ahead, thus far in October, midterm policy endorsements and audit adjustments remain higher than last year's level, and renewal premium increases are also consistent with the third quarter. But remember, our job is to help our clients mitigate that overall 10% increase in premiums by developing creative risk management solutions that fit their budgets. Let me move to the reinsurance market. Let me provide you with some broad observations regarding the upcoming '23 and reinsurance renewal season. First, there is no question that rates, terms and conditions will vary depending on geography, individual seed and loss history, risk characteristics and line of business. Second, pricing on peak zone property catastrophe cover is moving higher. And tightening terms and conditions are highly likely. Third, while we haven't witnessed the impact of Hurricane Ian spill over to non-property lines yet, it is possible that, that could happen if there's a broad shift in reinsurance risk appetite and capacity deployment strategies. Fourth and finally, the amount of property reinsurance capacity available is an open question. Some reinsurance providers had already planned to pull back their cat capacity priority in. And now it is likely the significant level of ILS capital to be trapped into 1/1 renewals, further pressuring potential capacity. Ultimately, supply will depend on expected returns from changes in pricing, terms and conditions and perhaps expected returns will reach a level that will attract additional reinsurance capital. While we have yet to see any significant third-party capital into the market, given ILS capital can move quickly, there is still time before the January renewal season. This will play out over the next 2 months. But at this point, it seems the stage is set for a hard or even harder renewals market as we enter the important 1/1 renewal season. Reinsurance conditions will no doubt influence primary markets in 2023 and carriers we're already facing rising loss costs in property and casualty lines. We see good reason for our carrier partners to continue to underwrite retail and wholesale risks cautiously for the foreseeable future. Moving to our Employee Benefit Brokerage and Consulting business. U.S. labor market conditions remained tight, but broadly favorable. During August, while U.S. employers reduced job openings by 1 million positions, there are still more than 10 million job openings according to the most recent data. And the level of open jobs remains well above the nearly 6 million people unemployed in looking for work as of the end of September. So we see tight U.S. labor market conditions lingering for some time and expect strong demand for our HR and benefits consulting services to continue as businesses prioritize, attracting, retaining and motivating their workforce. Let me wrap up my Brokerage segment organic comments with 3 terrific quarters in the books. Year-to-date, brokerage organic growth stands at 9.3%. And as I look to the fourth quarter, I see us posting another quarter above 9% that would deliver a fantastic year. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. During the third quarter, we completed 6 new tuck-in brokerage mergers representing about $20 million of estimated annualized revenues. We also signed another merger late in the third quarter, representing an additional $40 million of estimated annualized revenues. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our tuck-in merger and acquisition pipeline, we have about 50 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing nearly $400 million of annualized revenue. We know not all of these will close, however, we believe we'll get our fair share. Next, I'd like to move to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Third quarter organic growth was 12.2%, a strong finish to the quarter, pushed organic a bit higher than our IR day expectation. We also continue to benefit from increases in new arising claims across general liability and core workers' compensation during the quarter. That's both on an organic existing client basis and also due to some recent new client wins, including the significant insurance company client we added to our fast-growing insurance carrier practice. And profitability remains excellent. Third quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was 18.2%, in line with our expectations. That would have been closer to 19% without the impact from the new large client ramp-up that we spoke about at our September IR meeting. Looking forward for the fourth quarter, we believe organic revenue growth will be about 10% and adjusted EBITDAC margins between 18.5% and 19% that would close out a great year for the Gallagher Bassett team. And I'll conclude my remarks with some thoughts on our bedrock culture. October 2 marked Gallagher's 95th anniversary. I took note on that day that our teams were hard at work helping our clients assess damage, file claims and ultimately start the repairing and the building process for Ian. And if not directly assisting individuals and communities impacted many Gallagher colleagues around the world donated their own money to help those impacted by Ian. What a fitting way for us to solidly celebrate this incredible milestone. My grandfather would be proud of the company founded to employees that embody the culture he started in the industry in which we toll. It's our people's actions and challenging times that bring our unique Gallagher culture to the forefront, a culture that we believe will thrive for another 95 years.  Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Today, I'll touch on organic and margins using our earnings release. Then I'll move to the CFO commentary document that we post to our website and make some comments on our corporate segment. I'll conclude my prepared remarks with some thoughts on M&A, debt and cash.  During my comments today, I'll also provide some thoughts on our fourth quarter and some first thinking around how we are seeing 2023 now that we have started our budget process. Okay. Starting with the earnings release in the Brokerage segment organic table on Page 3. Headline all-in brokerage organic of 7.8%. That's over 9% when controlling for the tough benefits compare, brings us to a strong 9.3% year-to-date organic growth. When I look at our organic quarter-to-quarter, it's fairly consistent in that 9% range. We boast 9.6% organic in the first quarter, about the same in the second quarter when you exclude that infrequent large live sale we discussed last quarter. Now we're at about 9% here in the third quarter when adjusting for the benefits headwind. and It's looking like over 9% in the fourth quarter. That would deliver a full year 22% organic above 9%, a little noisy on the quarters, but very consistent and actually a fantastic performance by our sales team. As for 2023, early feel is in that 7% to 9% organic range for our Brokerage segment.  Next turning to Page 5, to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table. Recall, this is a year of quarterly margin change volatility due to the roll-in impact of the acquired reinsurance operations, expenses returning as we come out of the pandemic and the impact of a stronger dollar. Specifically, we've been saying to expect year-over-year margins to be up 50 basis points in first quarter, down 100 in the second quarter, down 125 basis points in the third quarter and up about 125 basis points in the fourth quarter. While that was about right for our third quarter, we posted 32.3%, which was in line with our IR day guidance and we are still comfortable with our fourth quarter outlook of around 125 basis points of margin expansion relative to the FX adjusted fourth quarter '21 EBITDAC margin. That would suggest a fourth quarter margin of around 32% at today's FX rates. In the end, since early '22, we've been targeting around 10 to 20 basis points of full year '22 margin expansion. And we're on track to deliver that. More importantly, that would mean we improved margins around 570 basis points since 2019. As we look ahead to '23, we continue to expect margin expansion next year starting around 4% or better organic growth, call it, maybe 50 basis points at 6%. Moving on to the Risk Management segment on Pages 5 and 6. As Pat said, 12.2% organic and 18.2% adjusted margins, both pretty close to our September IR Day expectations. And looking forward, we see these excellent results continuing in the fourth quarter. Organic growth -- revenue growth of about 10% and margins in the mid- to upper 18% range. That would be a full year organic growth of about 12% and full year margins around 18.5%. Looking to '23, we will see the roll in of the new large carrier client, and we have already had a nice new business win in Australia that will end up midyear. Add continued strong new business production, combined with continued growth in newer rising claims, we see organic at least in the high single digits and margins around 19% in '23. All right. Let's shift now to the CFO commentary document. Starting with Page 3, which shows our typical brokerage and risk management modeling helpers. A few things to highlight. First, the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar since our September IR Day. Please take a look at our updated FX guidance for the fourth quarter of '22. As for 2023, perhaps the best start is just to assume what we are projecting for full year '22 repeats in '23, but most of that will be seen in the first half. Second, you'll see our current estimate for fourth quarter integration costs, most of all of this relates to the reinsurance acquisition. The team is making really excellent progress on this and is executing at a faster pace than our original plan. It was terrific to see our new reinsurance colleagues located with our other brokerage operations when I was in London a couple of weeks ago. As for technology and system rebuilds, we still see being done by the end of '23 or early '24. Turning to the Corporate segment on Page 4. Relative to our September outlook, interest in banking, clean energy and M&A costs after adjusting for the large transaction-related expenses, those 3 lines totaled to about the midpoint of our outlook. Within the corporate line, most of the upside was due to some favorable tax items and a favorable FX remeasurement gain. Looking towards the fourth quarter, moving down that page, only one significant change to our outlook. As you'll see in the fourth quarter corporate line and read in Footnote 7 on that Page 4, here in October, we settled a litigation resulting in Gallagher receiving $55 million in cash. Net of litigation costs and taxes, we will record a gain of approximately $35 million, and you'll see a few lines down that we'll adjust that gain out of our GAAP results. As for the cash proceeds, which because of our tax credits is actually closer to $40 million, we'll put that to good work over the next couple of years to fund incremental production hires and make incremental investments in technology. I'll break down our thinking a little more during our December IR day.  Moving now to Page 5, Clean Energy. This page should be familiar to everyone by now. It highlights that we have close to $1 billion of tax credit carryforwards. The pinkish column shows that we expect to however, a $125 million to $150 million of cash flows here in '22, and the peach column shows that we could be even greater in '23 and beyond. And as a reminder, that would come through our cash flow statement, not our P&L.  Turning to Page 6. The top of the page is the rollover revenue table. Third quarter revenues of $162 million, that's right in line with our expectations 6 weeks ago. Shifting to the lower half of the page, this table is an update on our December '21 reinsurance acquisition. Third quarter revenue of $120 million is consistent with our September IR day estimate. As for EBITDAC, a tightening difference between third and fourth quarter. Punchline is full year revenue and EBITDAC should come in very close to our pro forma. That's a really terrific story and great credit to the team. Okay. As to cash and capital management and future M&A. At September 30, available cash on hand was about $500 million, and we've been saying that we might have around $4 billion of M&A capacity in '22 and '23 combined without using stock. That still seems about right to us today. Okay. Those are my comments. Another fantastic quarter and 9 months is in the books, another strong outlook for the fourth quarter, and it's looking like we're well positioned for a terrific year in 2023. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Operator, if you would, let's open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Weston Bloomer with UBS. Please proceed.
Weston Bloomer : Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first one is on the 7% to 9% organic growth that you're expecting next year. I was hoping if you could kind of expand on what sort of environment you're expecting next year in terms of a potential recession? And then if you can hit that target in a recessionary environment? And then -- maybe just comment on the magnitude of growth you're seeing across maybe P&C operations versus wholesale or international? Just trying to get a sense of how you're getting to that 7% to 9% more granular.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Weston, let me take the recession question. Doug, can take a look at the numbers across -- I think we did a pretty good job of laying out those numbers by division a moment ago. And I think we said we thought they're pretty consistent next year. So I think you look at our prepared remarks, you got that question answered. But the recession one is an interesting one because one of the reasons in our prepared remarks, we talk about what's going on with endorsements is we can daily look at that information to see what's going on in the underlying business of our clients. We can also look at renewal exposure units as they're being put through to the market for renewal. And as you know, when you renew a client, you have to estimate sales and payrolls going forward. So clients are pretty smart. I'm not wanting to basically overpay and then wait for a return of that premium in an audit, 18 months or 15 months after the close of the year. So it's a bit of a yin and yang between the broker, the underwriter and the client as we look at what are those payrolls that we should be providing. We're not seeing a big decrease in sales and payrolls. Renewals are going out the door with perception of their business being okay. And that's verified by the midterm audits and endorsements that we're seeing. So -- I read the Wall Street Journal every day. I read the left-hand column yesterday, the world just came to end, I didn't know it.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think the way we look at it this way, is we're not seeing it in our underlying business today, and we're also viewing if there is a recession in '23. We see that being more like what happened in the early -- in the 1991 period, in the 2000, 2001 period, more of a normal soft landing recession. We do not see a recession next year like the subprime financial shock of '08 and -- '07 and '08 or the pandemic recession that we saw for a few months in '20. Those normal recessions typically last about 2 or 3 quarters. And when we go back to the best we can do to get data back then, we actually performed very well during those light recessions. In this case, I think that next year, if there is -- if anything happens, and we do go into a recession, I think it's going to drive excess demand more than it is to contract supply and we ensure supply. So in our contemplation for next year is a lot like this year, exposure units holding stable, rates going up like we're seeing this year. But I see -- I don't see a lot of change all of a sudden on 1/1 that the world has changed dramatically from what it's been for the last 3 to 6 months, right now. So that's our go-in case. That's how we're preparing our budgets in that range. So that's how we came up with that 7% to 9%.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But we'll give you more of a reflection on that in December.
Weston Bloomer : Got it. And just one follow-up there is kind of like a high single, low double-digit growth for reinsurance brokerage kind of the right range as well? And can you remind us how much of that business is more property versus long tail binds?
Doug Howell: Yes. All right. So yes, in answer to your question, we see reinsurance in that high single-digit range next year. Right now, the best -- remember, you got a lot of treaties that are multi-line. But right now, the best we can tell is pure property is 28%. You put in the package on that, I'd say it might be closer to 40% of the book of business. And then you look at some of our kind of high-risk casualty lines, maybe you've got a book that's -- 60% of it is facing a kind of a tough renewal season.
Weston Bloomer : Great. And then just one more. On the commentary around 50 bps of margin based on 6% organic, does that contemplate a potential pickup in discretionary spending inflation may be offset by higher fiduciary income? Or is that just core expansion net of any items?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think for 2023, and again, I'll give you some more here in December, there will be an upside from investment income. That -- not all of that will hit the bottom line because there could be some incremental inflation that we see in some of our numbers. Remember, about 80% of our business, we don't believe has significant exposure to headline inflation. And like we said last at our IR Day or on an earlier call, about 20% of our expenses, they do have some inflation pressures on it. But in our opinion, there will be clearly an upside to that thinking as a result of incremental investment income next year. But I still need to work through that math over the next couple of months.
Weston Bloomer : I am working through it too. 
Doug Howell : Our next question is from Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Mike Zaremski : Just a follow-up on the investment income levels. And are you so -- is the guidance that you provided kind of inclusive of using the current level of interest rates or the curve? Does that make sense?
Doug Howell: You're talking about the '23?
Mike Zaremski: Yes, '23. Sorry, Doug.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that when we look at 6% organic growth with possibly 50 basis points of margin expansion, that does not include a possible upside from incremental investment income, but not all that incremental investment income will likely hit the EBITDA line. It could go to some inflationary pressures on some of our cost base or it could go to some discretionary spend, but it would be upside to that 6 points, 50 basis points outlook.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. Thanks for the clarification. Kind of switching gears a little bit. Just curious, you're not calling out any kind of potential impacts to contingents or shops as a result of the hurricane. I know the new accounting rules came into place a few years ago. Is there anything we should be contemplating that could impact Gallagher in the year to come or maybe even kind of into programs business, if there's a lack of capacity? Just trying to -- one of your peers kind of surprised us a little bit. So just trying to see if there's anything there worth talking about.
Doug Howell: Our outlook on the impact of Ian to our contingent commissions is $465,000 of impact against our revenues. That has all been fully booked in the numbers that you see here today. We do not believe that would develop differently than that. We just are not that -- we're just not exposed to contingent commissions on operating placements in our book of business.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. And lastly, any change in the competitive environment on the M&A side, given there's kind of now a consensus that interest rates may stay higher for longer? Or is it still just very competitive?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, it's still very, very competitive. And there's a lot of interest out there in our industry still, we're watching that very carefully to see if some of that falls off. You'll see some write-ups recently about the number of deals done coming down a bit. I don't know if that's an early sign that maybe some of the people want to sit on the sideline a bit. But for the deals that we're after right now, the competition is very strong.
Mike Zaremski: So multiples, I was trying to -- I should have been clear. So you don't expect multiples to move south and you're not seeing that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I hope they do, but we're not yet.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed. 
Greg Peters: So I wanted to go back, Pat, to your comments about the reinsurance market and the reinsurance business and sort of unpack what's going on and get your perspectives because it really feels like we're at the seminal moment in that marketplace where we could be in a hard market, especially for cat-exposed property, but it seems like it's bleeding over into other lines. And -- so the reinsurers haven't been able to get an adequate return on their business. And then now the primary companies are going to be asked to take higher retentions and absolutely pay more on rate online. So I guess my question is, if these 2 partners of yours are getting pressure or profitability pressure, do you foresee a scenario where you actually might get some pressure on commission rates as the market evolves here?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I don't think so, Greg. I think it's clear that we earned our money. And that's -- you see that in the market. I mean, it's -- the business has been very stable, I've had a chance to meet with a number of managements. They know exactly every dollar that we're making. There is no hidden factor here anywhere. And we have to do the work that justifies that income level every single day. Now in my experience as a retailer, I'm not a reinsurance person, but a hard market makes you incredibly more valuable. In a soft market in the retail business, some person with a shingle out to get a quote and beat you, when you're sitting with someone in a hard market, you are talking strategy, man. You are not talking about what's going to happen to my comp premium. You're talking about, am I going to get GL cover. And that's going right down to personal lines. I've got tons of friends, as you can imagine, in South Florida. Am I going to get homeowners next year? I don't know. I mean, I think you will, but you're going to pay more and they know it. Now that, I think, trusted adviser works its way all the way back to reinsurance, and this is not a time when these carriers are going to put a lot of emphasis on how much we get paid when they're looking at trying to get returns literally on hundreds of millions of dollars of ratings.
Doug Howell: Yes, Greg, I will say this. It's been 20 years since I've been CFO of insurance companies, but right now, this is a time where my reinsurance brokers would be the most important people to have in my office with their skills, their capabilities, and this is a time where they really earn their money.
Greg Peters: Fair enough. I'm sure it's -- there's a robust conversation happening around all of this stuff. So I wanted to also -- and I know you've commented on this before, but I wanted to pivot and talk about the brokerage business and the pipeline, if we're in a recession, if we go in a recession, blah, blah, blah, it's pretty strong. Can you remind us again just when -- on the risk management piece, how you think that might perform if we go into a soft landing? What kind of -- and I know you've commented on this before, Pat, but just give us some sort of guideposts that we should be thinking about on that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I mean -- first of all, Greg, as you know, when prices are going up, one of the skills that brought us to the point we are today is the capability of taking people who are -- should be self-insuring into that market. and showing them how to take higher retentions and bringing Gallagher Bassett in. Recessionary work has the same -- now I'm talking about the larger upper middle market. The recession has the same kind of impact, especially if you get a recession, while at the same time, pricing has gone up. They're looking for alternatives. And when I say your alternative is to pay tomorrow instead of today and to really manage your claims hard and work it hard at preventing them, there's a lot better listeners than when the prices are dropping, and that's going right to their bottom line and their private companies and they're happy as a clam. When you get to the larger accounts, these are very sophisticated buyers. And they don't move around based on recessions. Now if there is a recession and our larger clients have a lesser population, they close down shifts, then you'll see claim counts drop. But I don't think you're going to see an impact on that business that happens in the short term, and we'll know well in advance of any kind of a downturn as people start slowing their business down and cutting shifts, we'll be well aware of it. We can probably comment better as we go into the new quarters. We're just not seeing that right now, Greg. I think that's the interesting thing to me. As I said, I read the journal every day, and I'm sitting there and go, okay. And then we test and test and test, and our primary business partners are doing really well. Then we looked at the GB results and claim counts are up. They're not down. So it's -- I get why you're questioning it. I really do get the conundrum. But here's the thing. Doug pointed out that the other recessions we've done well. Clients do not jump in and out of self-insurance. You make that decision to move to taking a big retention and paying your claims. You may have a -- you may see your claim counts go down because hours worked are less, but you're not jumping in on the market. It's a pretty good place to be.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answer and I read the journal too. It does seem like the end of the world is imminent, but you guys are posting good results. So congratulations.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Greg. 
Operator: Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I'm going to head in the opposite direction of talking about a recession. I want to go to the flip side and talk about how good, I guess, 2023 could be. As you had said 6% to 9% organic in September. Today, you're saying 7% to 9% for next year. But we could have a really strong reinsurance market, and it sounds like you have really good exposure on the wholesale side where the market is really firming. So at 80% of your revenue is commission based. So could there be an environment next year where pricing is still firm that Gallagher could print double-digit organic revenue growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, from your lips to god's ears, Elyse. If you take a look back at our results in other hard markets, yes, that could happen. I mean, I'm not going to sit here and say no. If capacity dries up, smaller brokers in those environments can't get the job done, reinsurance clearly is -- and look at cap trapital in the ILS market, depending on whether capacity is there or whether capacity comes in, yes, I think you could see a variable -- you could write a bullish story.
Elyse Greenspan: And then assuming, right, Doug, you said at a 6% organic, we could see 50 basis points of margin improvement. So assuming that the base is 7%, right, and it sounds like it could be better than that, so is the base case that we'll see something margin improvement that's above that 50 basis point level next year?
Doug Howell: I think that it's not linear. If we posted 9%, I don't think you'd have 150 basis points of margin expansion, but you might have 75 to a point, something like that. But I think that -- let us get through this and get through our December, look at our budgets. And some of this is discretionary spending that we might want to make in investing in technologies and other organic growth strategies. But -- yes, I mean, there is a case that, that could happen.
Elyse Greenspan: And then on the M&A side, right, you guys obviously have a good amount of capital flexibility over the next couple of years. it does seem maybe it's because you guys have had such a strong track record of M&A. Deal flow has been a little light relative to historical levels this year. So I know the pipeline is still strong. At what point do you reach that level? Will you consider buying back your shares? Or is it something where deals just ebb and flow depending upon time of year and you guys will give it some time and then maybe consider buybacks?
Doug Howell: Well, listen, if we ended up with excess capital, our first metric would be is to make sure that we maintain a solid investment grade rating borrowing. With interest rates going up, that's more and more important every day. Second of all, I think that our M&A pipeline is still robust. And the third thing is, remember, the arbitrage that we get on the multiples. And -- more importantly, we're building out the team. We bring more people on our side of the field to go out and compete on every day and create more organic afterwards. So for us, buying back stock is certainly what we can do. It's certainly part of the math, and its part of the story. But I'd like to see us doing more and more M&A every day to put our cash to work at multiples that are -- that deliver arbitrage value to our shareholders. So -- we're out there, we're looking very hard. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. But I think we've got a ton of opportunities in our pipeline right now.
Elyse Greenspan: Given the strength of the U.S. dollar, are you guys seeing more opportunities for international deals?
Doug Howell: Well, listen, we've got some pretty good pipelines going on, especially in Canada, Australia and the U.K. right now. So we'd be happy to continue to look at those acquisitions there. And yes, the dollar does have a little bit of an impact on that, but it's not what drives our investment choices.
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Yaron Kinar: My first question is on headcount. I noticed there was a nice pickup in headcount, and the one I'm referring to specifically is in Brokerage. I think it's up 7% year-to-date. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what that is going into, what type of roles you're hiring? And secondly, I'm actually -- I was very impressed to see that the comp and benefit ratio is actually coming in year-over-year despite the increase in headcount. So is there a catch-up that we should expect? Or how are you keeping that number down?
Doug Howell: All right. So a couple of things -- you got a couple of things to unpack. But first, let's talk about the increase in the headcount. We have actually substantially increased our head count in our offshore centers of excellence. As you know, we've been talking about it for 15 years now. We think that that's a terrific spot to improve the quality of the offer of our insurance offerings. And as a result, we're ramping up significantly more in offshore right now that can do that work for us. And the -- so we're up considerably in that. So that's what's driving the metric you're seeing is mostly offshore resources there. When it comes to the opportunity -- the drop in the comp ratio this quarter, some of that has to do with bonus timing. If you recall last quarter, I said we were a little ahead on our bonus accruals. So we didn't have to post quite as much this quarter, which probably offset some of the -- well, we did have a little bit of inflation in our rates pool. We gave away another $8 million this year, something like that in that -- in the raise pool this year. What's offsetting that is the timing of the bonus.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And I'm curious what led to the increase in the organic growth estimate for '23, at least the bottom end of the range from 6% to 7%? What changed in the last 6 weeks?
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think that Ian has brought a different tone in the marketplace. I think you're seeing some reports of reserve strengthening across line. You saw the reinsurance outlook we've talked about -- and remember, the reason why we got to 6% to 9% is we were saying that 23 felt somewhere between 2019 and 2022 and '19 happen to be 6% organic growth. So in the context of the comment in September, relative to 2 different years. And now as we're getting closer on our budget process and really looking at what we're starting to see in the renewal pipeline, we thought we could tighten that range up a little bit.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also, Yaron, I think that before in, it was clear that loss cost and verdicts and what have you, we're putting pressure on our carriers. Today, we look across the loss on the cat level and wonder if they're not going to bleed into the casualty lines. And I've had some conversations with some of our reinsurance pros, we think that that's a very good possibility. If that happens, that will be -- that will benefit from that as well.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Maybe 1 last one, and following up on Greg's question. I guess, in what markets, what kind of environment do you typically see some pressure on commission rates or maybe clients trying to shift over to fees?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Primarily in the retail market, as accounts go from being, say, upper middle, middle market, where typically, you'll have about 85% to 90% of your clients, probably, we're 100% transparent. This is their choice. We have an adult conversation. They know we collect contingents. Let's not go back to 2004 and get me all in trouble, again, for accepting convenience and supplemental. They're all disclosed. This is client choice. And so as they get a little bigger, if they bring in a risk manager, that type of thing, then there's usually a shift to fee and we're happy with that.
Operator: Our next question is from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Just had a question on the investment income side, the fiduciary income. Could you just quantify how much that generated this quarter? I think you've said in the past it's $40 million for every 100 basis points move in short-term rates. But just wanted to -- just to double check what the benefit was to revenues this quarter? And then maybe just talk about how that impacted margins? How much of it fell to the bottom line?
Doug Howell: Okay. I'll take that in a couple of different bites. This quarter, let's call it, $12.5 million that we had as additional investment income as a result of rate changes. Then you're asking how much of that fell to the bottom line. Maybe a better way for me to do this is to take a look at what does it mean for full year. If you recall at the beginning of the year, what we said is -- since when we were sitting in January, we looked back and we had said that we had posted about 550 basis points of margin expansion. And when we looked out and that was over 2 years. Then we said, if we look forward, again, I'm standing in January of 2022, we said that we might be able to get margin expansion of 10 to 20 basis points on organic from about 8% here in '22. So what's happened since that expectations. We're still looking at 10 to 20 basis points of margin expansion. But organic is running a point better and, let's say, investment income between this year that might be up, let's say, $30 million more of investment income in the year. So that's about $80 million more of revenues this year. And so the way I look at it is, where did that go? Where did the $80 million of revenue go? Well, first of all, we dropped -- we're going to drop one-third of that to the bottom line. So that leaves $50 million to $53 million of additional revenues. Well, we have to pay our producers field leadership and support that. Usually, that runs about 45% of the revenue on that organic of $50 million, call that $23 million. So now we're down to explain where did $30 million go as a result of incremental organic and incremental investment income, again, relative to our outlook at the beginning of the year. Well, I can tell you that we spent about $10 million on incremental hiring, some incremental raises and some incremental incentive comp this year. Maybe it's one-third. And we also know that we -- about $10 million went to incremental travel and entertainment expense. Now that's mostly due to inflation, and it's not due to increased trips versus our expectation. Again, this is against our expectation at the beginning of the year. And then finally, we spent an extra $10 million on IT betterment projects than probably we would have expected at the beginning of the year because we have the bandwidth in order to implement those projects. So for me, sitting here relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year, I think it's a really terrific outcome. And what I'm really proud of is the team has done a great job this year. They have been disciplined in their travel and they've been selected in their value-added efforts that they're bringing to the clients. And they've been pretty wise about other IT investments. And yet to still deliver 10 to 20 basis points of margin expansion this year in an inflationary environment on top of the 550 that we had delivered in the previous two years I think it's a pretty darn good year, in my opinion. So relative to expectation, that's a long-winded answer -- but I think it gives you a perspective on incremental investment income and incremental organic relative to where we were sitting at the beginning of the year. And remember, we still -- at the beginning of the year, we had the Omicron crisis going on, and we were still in the depths of the pandemic. So we still have done our way out of those pandemic expenses returning along the way. So a long story, long answer, but I hope it gets you to where you need to go.
David Motemaden: Yes, that definitely did. That's really helpful. I guess maybe just switching gears to the reinsurance deal and how that's been going. The organic, I think, accelerated a point to 8% this quarter from 7% in 2Q. I guess -- high single digits in '23 feels may be a little conservative. But maybe could you just talk about the range of outcomes around that high single digit? And I guess what's stopping it from being well above that just given the market that you're experiencing there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: You're dealing with the most sophisticated buyers in the market. And as Doug just said a bit ago, when he was buying reinsurance, he wasn't messing around worrying about what the guy or gal is getting paid. The point is, this is talking at the essence of their capital, the returns, how they're going to balance out the demand, you've got a supply and demand imbalance. It's looking like it's coming down the path at being very substantial. They want to be good players. They want to take advantage of it. They want to make sure that they get good returns. And so it's good returns that ultimately hopefully bring in more capacity. But these buyers are very sophisticated. They'll pay us more money. I mean, the question earlier on was are they going to keep paying us what they're used to paying us. And they'll pay us more money, but it's not -- this is not a linear progression. I get down to the bad policies and into the lower middle market, it's linear. Price is up 10%. We're going to help the client reduce that by moving deductibles around, dropping umbrella limits, et cetera. But by and large, policy by policy, we're going to get that commission. That's not the case in reinsurance.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think it's a little bit of a -- I wouldn't say it's a symmetrical bell curve, but around 8% -- I thought -- 6% to 10% on that. So maybe it's 2 points on either side of it, and that probably favors the bull case on that more than the bare case on it.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just 1 more. You mentioned that you don't expect a recession. I don't want to be a Debbie Downer here, but if there is one like there was in the early '90s or early 2000s, have you guys given any thoughts on what organic growth would be in that type of scenario?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think Doug did a very good job, sure he did, of taking it back in time. I mean, go back and take -- our results are public going back to '84. I think we do extremely well in good times and bad times. Certainly, recessions are not good for brokers. Sales and payrolls are what drive our premiums. So there's no question that if sales and payrolls go down, we'll feel the impact of that. Having said that, people get more interested in listening to us talking to them about how our professionalism, our capabilities in our niches and what have you, you can help them deal with this, the local brokers who takes the hit.
Doug Howell: Yes. I would say, listen, if we get into a recession that you wanted to refer to as you being a downer on, that type of recession, we're still in an inflating rate environment, and we're not seeing a slowdown on that. When it comes to the contraction of exposure units, I'm not seeing trucks just come out of the fleet. They may not be running quite as much, and I know there's a mileage adjustment on it, but I'm not completely convinced that the stuff that we insure will just all of a sudden evaporate next year. Might have to -- they may take different covers on it. They may take some additional deductibles. When you're also looking at an environment, if you get into a recession, that will help us on our employee retention because they will stay with a good company, versus jumping for a new opportunity. So when those 3 or 4 things applied, rate increases, stable workforce a flight to quality and what people are looking for in terms of their broker, I see us performing very well in that environment. If you want me to pick a number in there, if we have a downer I'd be hard pressed to see how it would be less than 5% organic growth.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Robert Cox: I just had one question. I noticed open brokerage accelerated to 20% versus 15% last quarter. And I was just hoping you could talk about what inflected quarter-over-quarter and how you see open brokerage and the E&S market broadly trending from here?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The E&S market is on fire. And I think you're seeing more premiums move there, freedom of rate, freedom of form, clients need, cover everything from small accounts to large accounts. That's why we're seeing so much interest in terms of people investing in that market. That -- the primary markets, quite honestly, are not as flexible as the E&S markets are able to move at the pace that they can move, and they are in a tough market sucking business out of the primaries. Did that answer your question, Rob?
Robert Cox: Yes. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please proceed.
Mark Hughes: Thank you, good afternoon. Pat, you talked about the potential spillover to non-property lines from the hardness of the reinsurance market. Have you seen that in the past, I just wonder how much influence the cat property business is going to have on some of the other casualty lines, but I hear what you're saying. Just sort of curious to hear more about it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me caution because I've been a retailer in my whole life. But for the last year, I've had a chance to spend a good bit of time with our reinsurance folks and do anything I can to learn that business and I talked about this at length in the last quarter. And it has happened in the past. I can't give you dates, times and amounts or percent.  But -- yes, when you have a capital situation where you need to increase the pricing and you can add cat loads on other lines of coverage, you'll do that when you have to -- now again, I can't say to you that this is exactly what travelers or hyper did in this year given this situation or what have you. I can't take you back to Andrew or something like that or even Katrina.  But what the team is telling me is that it's very likely, given the dearth of our capacity and the need -- because of the supply and demand imbalance, the need for more rate, that their other lines are selling that are likely to take in advance as well. And sorry that I'm not more specific about that. I'm learning along with you.
Mark Hughes: No. No, interesting. And then any shading -- you talked about the economy is still looking good in terms of exposure units and endorsements. Any differentiation you see between larger accounts, middle market, smaller accounts?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. And that's the thing that's -- I keep referring to the Wall Street Journal, sorry, but I mean I read it and I sit there and I go, okay, and then I come back and I talk to our data people and they're like, no, I'm not seeing it. I can't also can't break it and say, well, construction is in the tank and retail is going through the roof or trucking is really hurting now and something -- so -- and we've checked things like our marine business. What's happening with cargo, cargo seems to be holding up and if there's any decrease in cargo, then cruise ships are, I mean, going through the roof. So it's kind of a -- it's a weird time based on what we read and what we see in our -- and these are not anecdotal stores. These are higher data points that I've got, and I can get them every day. And broad geographic, solid, continued business growth is what we're seeing. You fall off a cliff? I guess. We're just not seeing it.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Some of the people asked about competition for deals. I just want to talk about debt. And when I think about private equity being one of your competitors, is the marketplace different for them if they have to borrow at higher costs? Is it still debt generally cheap in your mind? And so we're not at the market where that's a consideration. How do you think about their role in their appetite in a higher interest rate environment?
Doug Howell: Yes, we kind of signaled that early on. Their appetite is still strong right now. But when you're adding an extra 300 basis points of debt cost into the structure does change return expectations. And I think that we're really not competing on price when we come to these deals, Josh, we're really competing on capabilities. And we win on every day. If somebody decides our prices aren't dissimilar to what they're offering. That maybe be a turn higher, but people just have chosen that they don't want to be in an organization with increased capabilities or resources. So this will cause a compression of pricing by the PEs, it will probably come down to where we're comfortable with pain. And I think we should excel in that then because now it isn't about price. It's entirely about capabilities.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, dream with me a little here, Josh. I mean, yes, I think what Doug meant is that our price is similar to our competitors. Yes, multiples over the last five years have expanded substantially. Prices are higher for these deals. But money was free. So now you start paying for that money, and I'm not hoping for a recession, and we don't see one, but show a little slowdown in there. And maybe that annuity isn't as strong as it was before. Our lever is about 2.3 times EBITDA. We've got competitors in the market that are happy to be at 9 times. I'm sorry, at some point, the music has got to stop and all the chairs aren't going to be full.
Josh Shanker: And if you think over a 20-, 30-year base, I mean, 4% tenure, it's not really that high. I mean, we'll see where it goes from here. But Doug seems to have more confidence that maybe they're able to go away. But if we're at the peak here and we stay here for a while, isn't going to scare them away, I suppose. I'm obviously they're going to pay more than what the 10-year is. But it's got to go higher really to cause their exit, I guess. Am I right now?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I'd agree with that. The returns have been outstanding. I agree with that.
Operator: Our final question is from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please proceed. 
Ryan Tunis: I first just wanted to say that the $55 million good guy, that's a nice line. I can't remember the last time in broker land, you had a below-the-line item that is somehow went in the right direction. I think some of your competitors might even count that as organic.
Doug Howell: Yes. Go ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: But -- yes, Doug, take your time spending it. We don't need it to lean on margins in '23. But I just had one bigger picture question, I guess, on margins. So organic has been really soft for the past couple of years. And obviously -- but I mean, it could have not been strong, too, in which case I also don't think your expense growth would have been as high as it's been. So there seems to be some element of clearly, the organic has allowed you guys to have -- I want to make sure I'm thinking about this right, like kind of an investment cycle. So I'm just curious, is that the right way to think about it? Like, has the strong organic allowed you to kind of potentially pull forward some investing you had to do. And I'm just kind of curious, maybe some of the capabilities that you guys have been able to take on I guess, to improve the organization over the past couple of years that you wouldn't have if we were any more than a 4% organic growth environment?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think you've got your notes right in it. And I think if you go back and you listen to our IR Days, these earnings calls, we get an hour to talk to you, but during our IR Days, you hear our 5 or 6 division leaders talk about all the investments you listen to the first 5 minutes or 6 minutes of their prepared remarks. They're talking about all the value-added features and client-centric enhancements that we're doing in our business. And we're spending a lot of money on that. We've talked about Gallagher Drive. We've talked about SmartMarket, we've talked about Gallagher Submit. We've talked about our niche resources. If you look at our content that's out there, all of that is investment and we're adding to it every year. So we are running a business right now that has a substantial amount of investment in it to make us better. I think it's showing up in our organic to be real honest. I think the reason why we perform well on organic as we continue to make investments into our production and our sales and niche capabilities our service. 15 years ago, we didn't know how long it took us to turn around a set right now, we turn around 99.9% of them within one hour of request because of the investments that we've made to better the service. Those type of things are just in our blood at this point. And it's in our operating side, yet, we're still posting terrific margins on it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: So to add to that, I would say take a look at our internship, we're very proud of the fact that this summer, we had 500 young people look at our business. And these are paid interns. These aren't interns that come to work for free, and that's a U.S.-based number. If we take the people outside the U.S., it's probably closer to 600. I don't know another organization investing in the future of their people like that in our business or, frankly, another business. So I'm very proud of that. Thanks, Ryan, and thank you, everybody, for joining us. We really appreciate this evening. We had an excellent third quarter. We're well on our way to delivering a fantastic year of financial performance. I need to thank more than 42,000 colleagues around the globe for their hard work and dedication to our clients. We look forward to speaking with you again in person in December at our Investment Day in New York. Thanks again, everybody. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-01 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Today's call is being recorded.  Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO; as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had another excellent quarter of financial performance. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 22% growth in revenue, 10.7% organic growth, net earnings growth of 35%, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 23% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 19%. I'm extremely proud of how our nearly 41,000 colleagues around the globe performed during the quarter in the first half of the year. So let me give you some more detail on our second quarter Brokerage segment performance. During the quarter, reported revenue growth was 25%. Of that, 10.8% was organic. We did have a tailwind of about 1 point from an infrequent large life case that I'll touch on in a minute. Rollover revenues were about $240 million, consistent with our June IR Day expectations. Net earnings growth was 36%. And as expected, we posted adjusted EBITDAC margins of 32%, an outstanding quarter for the Brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and break down our organic, starting with our PC operations. Our U.S. retail business posted 11% organic, with strong new business, retention and continued renewal premium increases. Risk Placement Services, our U.S. wholesale operations, posted organic of 8%. This includes more than 15% organic in open brokerage and 4% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. New business was consistent with second quarter of '21, while retention was down just a bit from last year, as we noted in our June IR Day. Shifting outside the U.S. Our U.K. businesses posted organic of 8% with excellent new business overall and another double-digit organic growth quarter within specialty. Australia and New Zealand combined organic was more than 11%, driven by strong new business, stable retention and higher renewal premium increases. Canada was up more than 14% organically and continues to benefit from renewal premium increases, great new business and great retention. Moving to our Employee Benefits Brokerage and Consulting business. As I mentioned earlier, we were helped this quarter from a large life case. Excluding this, our benefits business organic was about 9%, in line with our IR Day expectations and driven by increased HR benefits consulting work and solid growth in our International and Health and Welfare businesses. Finally, our December reinsurance acquisition is right on target. After controlling for breakage prior to closing, second quarter organic was around 7%, just fantastic, and integration continues to progress nicely on budget and ahead of its original time line. So reinsurance continues to be a really good story. So headline Brokerage segment all in organic of 10.8% and upper 9% after controlling for the large life case, either way, an excellent quarter. Next, let me give you some thoughts on the current PC market environment, starting in the primary insurance market. Overall, global second quarter renewal premiums, that's both rate and exposure combined, were up 10.5%. That's higher than what our data showed for increases in renewal premiums in both the fourth quarter '21 and first quarter '22. When I look at our renewal premiums by line for nearly all coverages, second quarter increases were equal to or higher than first quarter. One exception to this was professional liability, mostly D&O. By geography, renewal premiums were up double digits, nearly everywhere. Again, that's a combination of both rate and exposure. So next to no slowdown in premium increases during the quarter. Additionally, we are not seeing any significant signs of economic slowdown. In fact, second quarter midterm policy endorsements, audits and cancellations continue to trend more favorable than a year ago. Thus far in July, midterm policy endorsements continue to move higher year-over-year, and renewal premium increases are consistent with second quarter. But remember, our job as brokers is to help our clients mitigate premium increases and find suitable insurance programs that fit their budgets. Moving to reinsurance. As we noted in our first view report published by our reinsurance professionals earlier this month, there are very real signs of hardening in the reinsurance market. Property reinsurance pricing is up across the board. And most notably, for U.S. hurricane and Australian property risks are up anywhere from 15% to more than 40%. On the casualty side, reinsurance placements experienced more modest price increases and were a little bit less challenging. Regardless, a firm or hardening reinsurance market will naturally show up in primary market rate increases. And there are many other reasons for our carrier partners to maintain their cautious underwriting stance outside of reinsurance market conditions, inflation, geopolitical tensions and economic uncertainty to name a few. These all translate into a difficult PC market conditions continuing for our clients across retail, wholesale and reinsurance for this foreseeable future. Moving to our Employee Benefit Brokerage and Consulting business, U.S. labor market conditions remained broadly favorable. Even with a decline in U.S. job postings in each of the last 2 months, there remain more than 11 million job openings, that's more than double the number of people unemployed and looking for work. We expect strong demand for our HR and benefits consulting services to continue as businesses prioritize attracting, retaining and motivating their workforce. The timing of the large life case and covered live changes in the second half of '21 will cause the Benefits business to post lumpy quarterly organic results this year, but that doesn't change the still favorable underlying environment. So let me wrap up on the Brokerage segment organic. A great first half and looking like the second half will lead us to a full year '22 organic over 9%, which would be an absolutely terrific year. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. During the second quarter, we completed 8 new tuck-in brokerage mergers representing about $50 million of estimated annualized revenues. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our tuck-in merger and acquisition pipeline, we have more than 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing nearly $350 million of annualized revenue. We know not all of these will close, however, we believe we will get our fair share. Next, I would like to move to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Second quarter organic growth was 10.3%, a bit better than our IR Day expectation due to a strong June. Adjusted EBITDAC margin was 18.9%, which is in line with our expectations. For the year, we continue to see adjusted EBITDAC margins near that 19% level. We again saw increases in new arising claims across general liability, property and core workers' compensation during the quarter. Encouragingly, property and liability claim counts are back to prepandemic levels. Core workers' comp claim counts have yet to fully rebound to 2019 levels, which represents a nice opportunity for further growth. Looking towards the second half of the year, we think organic revenue growth will continue to push 10% due to growing claim counts and new business. I'll conclude my remarks with some thoughts on our bedrock culture. As I resume traveling to our Gallagher offices around the globe, I can report to you that our culture is as strong as ever, and that's a reflection of our people, our nearly 41,000 colleagues working together for a common goal to serve our clients. As I've said before, our people underpin our culture, a culture that we believe is a true competitive advantage and drives our outstanding financial results. Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone, an excellent second quarter and terrific count. Today, I'll touch on organic margins and the Corporate segment using our earnings release and then make some comments using our CFO commentary document posted on our website. I'll end then with my typical comments on M&A, debt and cash. Okay, starting with the earnings release to the Brokerage segment organic table on Page 3. Fantastic headline all-in brokerage organic of 10.8%. As Pat said, we did benefit by about 1 point or so because of a large group live case found in late June. With or without that, a great quarter by our sales team. As for the rest of '22, during our June IR Day, we said third and fourth quarter would be somewhere around 8% due to a tough benefits compare. As we sit today, we're still seeing third quarter around that 8%, reflecting about 1 point of that tough benefits compare, and we're becoming more bullish in fourth quarter, call it nicely over 8% in the fourth quarter. That would lead to full year Brokerage segment organic growth of over 9%. So today, we're forecasting full year organic growth better than what we were seeing at our June IR Day. Next, turning to Page 5 to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table. Headline all-in adjusted EBITDAC margin of 32%, right in line with our June IR day expectation. Recall what we've been saying all year, because of the roll-in impact of the acquired reinsurance operations, which has substantial quarterly seasonality and because there are still expenses returning as we come out of the pandemic, those in combination create quarterly margin change volatility. As a recap, we posted adjusted margins up 50 basis points in the first quarter, down 97 basis points here in the second, and we're forecasting down 100 basis points in the third, then back up 100 basis points in the fourth. Because we are seasonally the largest in the first quarter, those results would roll-up to around 10 to 20 basis points of full year margin expansion. These quarterly margin changes are right on what we've been saying all year. When I think of the inflation impact, I just don't see much here in '22 on our expenses. And as we discussed in June, headline inflation doesn't significantly impact 80% of our expense base. And we have mitigation levers to pull on that other 20% if it comes to that. So even with rising CPI, we remain comfortable with our 2020 margin outlook. Looking towards '23, all that quarter margin change volatility should go away with the pandemic behind us and reinsurance fully rolled into our books. Moving to the Risk Management segment on Pages 5 and 6, Pat hit the highlights. 10.3% organic and 18.9% adjusted margins, an excellent quarter. This unit continues to show momentum with rebounding claim counts and a large new business win coming on next quarter. It's looking now like organic revenue growth of around 10% in each of third and fourth quarters '22. Now remember, that's on top of 17% growth in third quarter '21 and 13% growth in fourth quarter '21, that would be a terrific outcome to overcome such a difficult compare. Moving to Page 7 of the earnings release to the Corporate segment shortcut table. Interest in banking is within our June IR Day range. Adjusted M&A costs in clean energy, they combined -- those combined also within our range. And Corporate, after adjusting for some favorable tax item, is slightly better than our June IR Day range, call it about $0.01 due to favorable FX remeasurement gains given the strengthening in the dollar. Let's leave the earnings release and go to the CFO commentary document. On Page 3, these are our typical Brokerage and Risk Management modeling helpers. With the rally in the U.S. dollar since our June IR Day, please take a look at our updated FX guidance for the remainder of '22. This late June strengthening also caused an extra $0.01 headwind here in the second quarter versus our IR Day guidance. Next, you'll see our current estimate of integration costs. Most of this is related to Willis Re. The punchline has no change to our original estimate of $250 million for integration charges through the end of 2024. As I mentioned last quarter, the team is making excellent progress and is executing at a faster pace than our original plan. Integration efforts around people, real estate, back-office transition services are targeted to be mostly done by late '22. In fact, our new reinsurance colleagues are now moving into our combined Gallagher locations around the world, and there's an excitement that is coming together. As for technology and system rebuild, we still see having that done by the end of '23 or early '24. So continued good news on the reinsurance integration front. Next, please take a look at the amortization of intangibles line. Recall we now adjust out our -- that out of our non-GAAP results. Also take a look at footnote number 2. That will help you reconcile this number to what we're showing in the face of our GAAP financial statements. Next to the change in estimated earn-out payable. This quarter, some component of the earn-out payable adjustment has become more pronounced. The punchline is found in footnote number 5. The note admittedly is a little account needs, but it's saying that the large noncash gain in our results this quarter is mostly due to increases in interest rates and market volatility. When these increase, the value of our earn-out liability declines, thus creating GAAP income. This gain does not reflect any meaningful change to our expectations of the acquired brokerages nor does it change our view of what we'll ultimately pay an earn-out. The accounting is a bit like the change in interest rate assumptions and pension accounting, except this change in earn-out liability goes to the P&L, not through OCI as does pensions. In our view, this is a no never mind but can dramatically impact comparability, so we adjusted out. Turning now to Page 4, our Corporate segment outlook. No changes in the third and fourth quarter estimates. Flipping to Page 5, Clean Energy. This page is here to highlight that we have around $1 billion of tax credit carryovers. And with the Sunset program late last year, we're now in the cash harvesting year of these investments. You'll see in the pinkish column that the 2022 cash flow increase should be $125 million to $150 million and perhaps more in '23 and beyond. At this rate, these investments will be a really nice 7-year cash flow sweetener. The possibility of an extension of the loss still exists, so we have idled our plans rather than decommissioning them, cost us a little to carry them, but it lets us remain well positioned to restart production if an extension happens. Turning to Page 6. The top of the page is the rollover revenue table that we've spoken about in detail. We appreciate all those that have incorporated this disclosure into their models. Moving down the page. The bottom table is an update on our December reinsurance acquisition. You'll see that these numbers are almost spot on to our June IR Day estimates. Delivering $730 million of revenue and nearly $260 million of adjusted EBITDAC here in '22 would be very close to our pro formas when we inked the deal. That would be a really good outcome. Moving on to cash and capital management and future M&A. At June 30, available cash on hand was about $450 million. Our operations continue to perform very well, and we expect strong operating cash flows. Add to that, the cash flow sweetener from our Clean Energy investments and additional borrowing capacity, it adds up to more than $4 billion of tuck-in M&A capacity here in '22 and '23 combined. So those are my comments. An excellent quarter and first half, and we're extremely well positioned for another terrific year. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Daryl, I think we're ready to open it up to questions.
Operator:  Our first questions come from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Pat, in June, I had asked you about recession. You said you guys were not seeing it. And if you were going to see an impact on your business, it wouldn't be in your results until 2023. So I recognize, right, that we're sitting here 6 months in advance of hitting next year. But as you think about how things can play out from an economic slowdown, we have inflation, still good property casualty pricing, how could that all shake out from an organic growth perspective next year to say if you see things today?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think it's not all that different than the discussion that we had in June. We're seeing -- literally, we look at this daily, an interesting pattern of our underlying clients' business is doing well. They're still recruiting people. Our benefits HR folks are as busy as they can possibly be. We watch for adjustments, both in terms of audits and endorsements, and those are all positive right now. To put that in perspective, we have -- we do have a baseline on that during the pandemic, and it was -- that was obviously substantially upside down. So we do have a good feel for that, and we feel good about it. Inflation, as Doug said, really has an impact on about 20% of our expenses. I think that's probably good research on the team's part in terms of what's really subject to that, that we'll be watching. As you know, we're going into budget time in the next 6 weeks or so, and there's a lot of discussion around this. So don't hold me to it, but I think that we're pretty -- in a pretty good spot. And I think our mix of business bodes well. I think that the -- the way our expenses shake out, an awful lot of those expenses are variable, I think that's good. A lot of upside for our salespeople this year, obviously. And I think that with rate increases, with interest rates up, it's a pretty good environment for a broker.
Doug Howell: So let me pile on that a little bit because we don't want whiteboarding on that. Like that, we're not seeing daily indications of our customers' growth slowing at this point. And admittedly, that's looking at current and recent past activity. And I think your question is really more about a future slowdown. So when we looked at that, what kind of cooling might we see, whether it's a recession or just a slowdown in the economy because, obviously, not every recession is the same, we do a lot of work on that. And we see -- if it happens, when I say if, more like a normal recession, maybe more like 1990, '91, and again, of what happened maybe in 2000, 2001, and before 9/11. We do not see next year being a clinch like the subprime financial shock recession of '07 or '08 or the pandemic recession for a few months of '20. So it's also important to note that these more normal recessions in the early '90s and early 2000s, both lasted about 8 months. So we see it more like that. It's also -- it's an important point to remember that brokers -- we are in a very large portion of our revenues based on the amount of premium placed. If it goes up because of rate or because of exposure, frankly, we're a little bit different on that. So for us, we think that like taking a look at nominal GDP is the bigger factor for our revenue much more than real GDP. So absolute sales, payroll, like Pat said, and property values are what premiums are placed on. So when you say, what thoughts next year what will premium rate increases do? And you heard us say that we don't see them slowing over the next year or so. And then really, our spread between new business and loss, we're proficient broker. So selling more insurance than we lose every year. So when we put all that together for next year, the brokerage business during a normal recession during an inflating premium rate environment can still post terrific organic results. So that's how we're seeing it now. And I talked to you about on the expense side during June that we think that we have some mitigating factors for that 20% that might be highly exposed to the inflation component of that. So it's a long answer to your question between Pat and I on it, but we think '23 could still be a year of terrific organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But let me load in another thought to, Elyse, we didn't talk about June. But if you go back to 2007, 2008, you go back to the pandemic clinches, we were -- we learned again, which we have through many tough times that our clients will stop paying their people before they stop paying their premiums. And that's a pretty good business to be in regardless of the economy.
Elyse Greenspan: My second question is maybe more short term. Doug, you said the fourth quarter brokerage outlook is a little bit better, right, than at the June IR Day. What's the reason for that?
Doug Howell: I just think sustained rate increases, and our teams are doing a great job of selling more than we're losing. So I think that just the environment seems to be better. We're starting to see data come out of what's happening with second quarter rates versus first. And there might have been just a little bit of rate drop in the first quarter, and that seems to be back on a positive slope now. So you see that kind of in first quarters when you go back over the last few years that maybe rate increases aren't quite as big as they are in later quarters because you get -- for the carriers, they get the full year of the premium in the books by being maybe a little bit more competitive in the first quarter. Second quarter bounced back up again. I think that we've had a chance to look at what's in our pipeline. So I would say it's on all fronts, we're just feeling more optimistic about where we're seeing the second half.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one. You guys gave the M&A color, so it seems like you still have a good pipeline. Have you -- do you think there could be any timing shift in when deals get closed, if people are concerned about a recession? I mean if they're just potentially waiting to get a better multiple or have you not observed that in the past or do you not expect that to happen this time around?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I think brokers are opportunistic, smart people. If I had a business to sell, now is when I'd sell it.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: And congrats on a good quarter. First question, the large life case that you mentioned, what's the margin profile on that? Is that accretive or dilutive to the overall Brokerage business?
Doug Howell: It's about the same. So it doesn't have the leverage as you would see in some of the other incremental amount.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then was FX -- did that have an impact on margins or only on revenues?
Doug Howell: We adjust that out of our margin profile. So it would be just on the revenue side.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then another one. I know you said you're still -- you haven't fully closed the books on clean coal, holding on hope that maybe you do see some extension come through in D.C. I guess, with the Democrats kind of coming to agreement in the Senate this week or actually today, I think, is it so premature to say what you've learned from that? Or if there is maybe an increasing chance of that clean coal credit continuing or extending?
Doug Howell: Well, it's a 742 page draft bill that we're doing a lot of word searches on it. I'm not seeing how it's in that, but if you get into the kind of vote-a-rama in the Senate next week to see what other senators might want to include in the package or look at it, I think that -- we're never out of it until -- we're not. And even if it doesn't come through in this package, it could be later in the year or 2. So it doesn't cost us that much to carry the plant. Our utility partners have been very understanding about this. They're not pressing us to decommission. So if you -- that we have to carry it for another 6 months, we will. But if it happens, it would be great. If not, we're in the cash harvesting era just like we thought about for the last 15 years, we're at that point now. So harvesting the cash is pretty nice.
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore.
David Motemaden: I appreciate all the detail just on the midterm policy endorsements, audits. And I guess I'm wondering just on the Employee Benefits business, maybe you could talk about what you're seeing there on HR consulting and benefits consulting specifically with the pipeline? Any changes there? Any signs of weakness at all that you're seeing?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll tell you. It's really interesting to see. As you can imagine, I think we talked about this when the pandemic hit, that business shutdown in a quarter. And now -- and what an interesting turnaround for our clients. Now their biggest problem is attracting and retaining. So there is this demand, frankly, at a level that exceeds what we saw prepandemic. And I think in that case, things were kind of going along well. Everything was kind of fine. And then everyone tried to come down to the lowest amount of employee base they could. Now they're coming back. Their businesses are back. As we said, when we looked at our adjustments and endorsements and audits, our clients' businesses so far are robust, and that's a demand -- that creates a demand for more people. So I mean I can't get specific with you by exactly which practice group. It's the entire consulting part of our employee, human resource and human capital business is doing extremely well this year.
Doug Howell: Yes. Let me add to that. There's -- during the pandemic, people were all about cost containment. And so they cut down their cost and they were cut any discretionary costs. It's regardless of what happens with this recession. And all the Fed actions, I think -- I don't -- I just don't believe that it's going to have a dramatic impact on unemployment. So I think that employers are really thinking about attracting, retaining and motivating their talent. So I just don't see any type of 8 months or yearlong recession putting a dent in the employment numbers. So employers are still going to have to make sure they're out there competing for talent, and that's where we really provide value. So I don't see this like the pandemic or in 2008. Again, we see it a lot, if it happens, like '90 and 2000, and there is still more for talent back then too.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll give you an example, David. This is one that kind of floored me in the last month. I won't mention any names, but we have a sizable client that has engaged us on a multimillion dollar contract to improve and help them with their communication with their employee base. This is a significant client, obviously, but they are willing to spend multiple millions of dollars in an outreach to existing employees to make sure they understand why they've got it so great being part of their organization. And communicating what are in the benefits plans, why they take care of them, how they're educating, what the career path is, what the growth of the company means, all those things that go into a solid communication plan, how cool is that?
David Motemaden: No. I mean that is exciting. So yes, it definitely doesn't sound like, at least now you're seeing really any sign of the slowdown. So I guess, maybe just switching gears, if I think about, if we do see a slowdown in next year, I guess one thing that I've noticed the past couple of quarters in the press release sort of in the fine print, there's been mention of office consolidations. And I believe you spoke, Doug, I think last -- on the June call, about the agile workforce strategy. So I guess, could you maybe just talk a little bit more about what you're doing on the real estate front? And if maybe that could be a bigger benefit or a bigger lever to pull if we do get into a tougher revenue backdrop? And maybe if you could put some numbers around potential saves, that would also be helpful?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think when we talked about it early, when we were coming out of the pandemic, we thought there could be $30 million or $40 million or $50 million of annualized savings coming from real estate. I think we're still on target about that. I think we're harvesting maybe about $8 million a year on that effort, and there's a couple of big office footprints that are coming up here in the next year that I think that maybe will be a little bit more on that over this next year. What are we doing? We're going to an office footprint that basically is covering 50% or so of the number of employees that we have. We're bringing technologies to bear, so their ads are within the work, so they're not dedicated locations. For those employees that have to come in every day, clearly, they have a designated spot. And we're finding that the employees are responding to it very well, especially in cities where there is a substantial commute. So I see us continuing to do that. I don't know whether it would be a more rapid exercise if we had a normal recession over the next year. I think the pace that we're making change is the pace that the organization has. And you got to -- either you wait until the lease expires and then downsize or you get out of it and you end up paying the rent to the rest of the term. So I think a paced and measured approach to that is where we are, and I don't see that changing if there was this normal recession happening over the next year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll tell you, again, on the anecdote side, these plans were a foot, Doug, leading the charge on this prior to the pandemic. And I don't know about your experience. But my experience in telling people that this isn't their workstation anymore or that, that office is -- it's not a good experience. And people being able to go home and get their job done and come back in the office where we do believe the social connections are important, and we're not eliminating our footprints but allowing them to plug in, in a plug-and-play way on the days that they should be there for customer contact, for employee meetings. It's kind of like the pandemic was a real helper.
David Motemaden: Yes, I know it sounds like -- sorry, go ahead.
Doug Howell: And that is really, if you don't get the -- you leave the office is too big, it can kind of look like there's no vibe going out in the office. So we do a lot of things to make sure that we can track the workforce. The footprint responds to the workforce. It's like going into a restaurant and every other table is empty, it doesn't feel like there's much of a vibe. Same number of people in a smaller restaurant, you walk out saying, wow, that was really a happening place tonight. So we're trying to make those experiences when people come into the office, more collaborative, more near one each other, and it's actually working then. We were just in London not too long ago, and there's a real bounce in everybody step when they come into a full office.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Doug is just trying to do the age thing on me because I go to a full restaurant, I can't hear...
David Motemaden: Yes. No, I agree with all of those changes. And so yes, it sounds like $20 million to $30 million of a benefit, but it sounds like that's maybe a bit more gradual unless things change.
Doug Howell: Yes. I mean over a couple of years, 3.5 years. we'll get it.
Operator:  Our next questions come from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: You provided a pretty robust answer about the recession and -- or a potential recession and its effect on your brokerage business. But in your answer, you kind of didn't really talk about its effect on the Risk Management business. So maybe -- or if you did, I missed it, so -- because I was more focused on Brokerage. So maybe you could pivot and just tell us about your whiteboard sort of conclusions on the effect of a potential recession on the Risk Management business?
Doug Howell: I don't think there was substantial employment changes in a normal recession. So with Gallagher Bassett being so tight, to the number of people employed in places where there might be slips and falls, et cetera, I think that -- I'm not saying they're immune to it in this next normal recession, but I think that they're pretty resilient in that right now. Same thing with the Benefits business, there's still competition for talent. I think that there's -- you heard Pat say that there's 11 million open jobs right now for -- and there's 5 million people out work or something like that. So I think that I personally believe that this next -- if there's a slowdown, it's about drying up excess demand versus supply. And Scott pays claims on what the supply is not the demand. And we sell stuff on supply, not demand. So I think that -- I think as business...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And Greg, you heard us say that of all the lines of cover right now that are adjusted by Gallagher Bassett where comp is still one line that's not -- and it's our core business in the U.S. is not back to prepandemic claim counts. So it takes a while to build that back. But that's, as Doug said, directly connected to the employee head count. And so employee head count -- if employee head counts get slashed, that will have an impact on Scott's business, if they stay stable. And what we're seeing on the Benefit side is aggressive hiring, aggressive attempts of retention. And I think we're in pretty good shape.
Greg Peters: I was just -- as you were providing the answer, I was recalling an old and I never really tested it out to know whether it was true or not. But as a recession -- as there was an onset of recession that claim counts -- workers' comp claim counts actually increase as more employees sharing the worst would slip and fall in advance of actually facing the Grim Reaper, I don't know if that's something that is...
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think that's an old life tale.
Greg Peters: Yes. Yes. Exactly.
Doug Howell: That as workers' comp premium rates increase, and we're not fully into big jumps in workers' comp. But if we get a harder market in workers' comp that will push more people to self-insurance, and that leads to pretty good growth for Gallagher Bassett, too. So when they look at self-insurance and alternatives. So if we go into a recession, but workers' comp rates go up as medical costs inflate, et cetera, you might have more people looking for self-insurance with Gallagher Bassett paying the claims.
Greg Peters: Is it -- is it your view that the work from home versus work from work is one of the contributing factors to the lower claim count in workers' comp, at least from what you're seeing in Gallagher Bassett?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, not really.
Greg Peters: Okay. Two other questions. From your property answer regarding where your real estate footprint, should I infer that about 20,000 or so of your employees are in full work from home if you said your property is target your real estate footprint is...
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, no, no. Gallagher Bassett has moved to a more virtual environment and that people are embracing that and really like that. The Brokerage business is allowing agile work. We're working to be agile and to be flexible. But these office footprints can actually handle everybody coming in at the same time, and we are encouraging people to come in.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think, Greg, the number of people that actually are designated as purely work from home employees might be in the 8,000 person range.
J. Patrick Gallagher: A big part of that is GB.
Doug Howell: Right.
Greg Peters: I'm sorry, what was that last answer, Pat?
J. Patrick Gallagher: A big part of that is Gallagher Bassett.
Greg Peters: Okay. And the final, just a detailed question, and I'm sure you've probably provided this before, but I just forget. Is there any cadence to how the cash flow comes out from the energy business as we think about the annual sort of -- is it heavier in the first quarter, are you harvesting it, or is it spread out evenly, et cetera?
Doug Howell: That probably more closely correlates to the day that we do our estimated tax payments because we can anticipate using those credits. And therefore, we would pay less than estimated tax payment.
Greg Peters: That's done on a quarterly basis, correct?
Doug Howell: That's right.
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: Pat, the renewal premium number you gave us the 10.5%, was that sort of the global P&C market?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Wait a minute, Mark. I don't think I gave you the renewal premiums. Take a look.
Doug Howell: Well, I understand you asked about the global second quarter renewal premiums, that's both rate and exposure of 10.5%, yes, that's right. And that's higher....
Mark Hughes: That was 8% in the first quarter. Do I have that right?
Doug Howell: I'd have to pull up the script on that, but ...
J. Patrick Gallagher: I do think that's right.
Mark Hughes: Okay. All right. And then I'll say this slightly tongue in cheek, but also seriously. West Virginia Senator, Joe Manchin, does he like the clean coal business?
Doug Howell: I think he does. I mean, he's got a lot of interest in it. The real question is, is he willing to sponsor a change in this as a part of a compromised plan? So we'll find that out over the next week or 10 days or 10 months, right? I don't think there'll be a focus -- it's a pretty small program to be honest. So I think that they're trying to get a deal done. Is this something that he's willing to champion? Maybe not, but we'll see what happens when we get into next week.
Mark Hughes: In the MGA business within wholesale, the 4% organic, do you think that will continue at that level? Or is there anything unusual this quarter?
Doug Howell: No, I think it's pretty -- it's just the nature of some of those programs and MGU...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, It should hold.
Doug Howell: Should hold, not be better.
J. Patrick Gallagher: That's pretty -- that stuff is pretty subject, Mark, to the economy. It's bars opening, restaurants opening, contractors starting with the wheelbarrow. Houses that get hit by hail a lot.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Okay. And then did I hear you comment on workers' comp pricing. I know you talked about claims frequency and a lot of other factors. But how about pricing in the quarter flat?
Doug Howell: On rate amount, it's growing. It's actually showing some nice mid-single-digit type growth numbers right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But rates are flat.
Doug Howell: That's right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It seems to be in line that our carrier partners are happy to continue to grow and are satisfied with the results.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Just a couple of quick ones. First off, when we look at supplementals and contingents, as a percentage of core commissions and fees, they're down year-over-year. Is that reinsurance?
Doug Howell: It could have an impact on -- yes, that would be. And I think a good point on that, our supplementals and contingents, there is some difference in contract year-over-year. So it's always good look at those 2 in together, not individual. So -- but together, they were up 12% this quarter together.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. And then a second question on reinsurance. How comfortable are you with the idea that the breakage that you factored in goes away once we get into 2023? Is that can be a factor anymore?
Doug Howell: I would say it's behind us. So we've done a really good job of holding the teams in. We're not having substantial attrition on that. In fact, I think we're in good shape on that. So I would not expect -- we anticipated what we give them breakage and the team is holding together -- that leadership team has done an amazingly good job.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I've talked about this quarter in and quarter out. I'm really, really happy with and proud of the fact that, that team joined us. 7% organic growth in the second quarter after the 2 to 3 years that they had prior to an acquisition getting completed in December. We're 9 months into this thing, and they're generating 7% organic. That's fantastic. And we were sitting there talking about breakage early on, is there going to be more -- and let's be honest, breakages, people left us and accounts in that business like to work with their team. And so people staying, producing -- the other thing I would comment on is the amount of interaction and the amount of help that reinsurance is to our retail brokerage operations on a global basis is exceeding our expectations. There are risk sharing pools in the United States that we've done longer and better than anybody in the marketplace and along comes a fresh look and fresh markets and a team that works together with us. The data sharing, the discussion of our partner markets and the sharing there, it's almost unbelievable to me on a multiple number of levels, how good a fit this is.
Meyer Shields: That's tremendously positive. And then one last question. I know this is nitpicky. But the large life deal that came in June, is that something that occurs next year? Is this a onetime deal?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Onetime deal.
Doug Howell: We get them from time to time, but I wouldn't say that they're annually predictable year-over-year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Right.
Doug Howell: Then they themselves remain...
Meyer Shields: I'm sorry.
Doug Howell: They bind when they bind. It's not like it's saying you've got to have this all put to bed by January 1, by October 1. It doesn't really drive necessarily with the calendar or fiscal year of the client. It's whenever they want to put these cases in place is when they were buying. So it would not be predictable quarter over quarter over quarter.
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of Weston Bloomer with UBS.
Weston Bloomer: My first one is on -- just a follow-up on Willis Re. Obviously, good organic there of 7%. With investments ahead of schedule, I'm curious how you're thinking about growth and margin improvement in that business in 2023? Could we potentially see organic come in above the 7%? How should we think about potential margin improvement? Would it potentially grow faster than the core portfolio currently?
Doug Howell: Well, that margin for the year is somewhere around 36%. So I think that we're very happy with that margin. I think holding that margin is the right answer for that business. It takes heavy investment. They've been underinvested for the last 3 or 4 years on that. So that is not a business, if you go back to our acquisition that was expecting substantial margin change on that. So we're happy with the margins the way they are. We think they're competitive. Sure, there will be opportunities for us to become more efficient, and we do that every year. We always become more efficient. But I think there's a ripe opportunity right now to hire brokers in that space that would like to join us. It's a hot thing going right now. So it would be nice to take and hire folks in that business. I think it's 34% for the year where we are.
Weston Bloomer: Got it. And then my follow-up is just on M&A. Curious on what you're seeing on the international M&A market. Is that more attractive from a multiple perspective or a competition perspective right now? Or is maybe your term sheet disclosure more international U.S. weighted versus historical? Just kind of curious on what you're seeing.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's not more international weighted. It's about the same and multiples around the world, you can throw a hat over.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Weston. Thanks for being on the call, Weston. Nice to hear from you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: All of you by the way, Doug, let's not single in -- all right, I think that's our questions for now. I'd like to thank everyone on the call again for joining us. Obviously, we're excited. We had a fantastic second quarter and first half of 2022. I'd like to thank all our colleagues around the globe for their hard work, our carrier partners for their ongoing support and our clients for their continued trust. We look forward to speaking to you again at our September Investor Day meeting, and thank you all, everyone, for being with us.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great night.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Company First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company’s 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more detail on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2022 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had a fantastic start to the year. For the first quarter, our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments posted 30% growth in revenue, more than 10% organic growth, net earnings growth of 28%, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 34%, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 26%. And we were named a world’s most ethical company for the 11th year in a row, an outstanding achievement on its own and a testament to our nearly 40,000 professionals around the globe. As you can tell, I am extremely proud of how the team performed during the quarter. So, let me give you some more detail on our first quarter Brokerage segment performance. During the quarter, reported revenue growth was 32%. Of that, 9.6% was organic, which is just excellent. Rollover revenues of $380 million were pretty consistent with our March IR Day expectations and mostly driven by the December Reinsurance Brokerage acquisition. Doug will have some further comments on rollover revenues in his prepared remarks. Net earnings growth was 27%. Adjusted EBITDAC growth was 35%. And we expanded our adjusted EBITDAC margin by about 50 basis points, an outstanding all-around quarter for the brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and breakdown the 9.6% organic, starting with our PC operations. First, our domestic retail business posted 11% organic driven by terrific new business, strong retention, and continued renewal premium increases. Risk placement services, our domestic wholesale operations, posted organic of 10%. This includes more than 20% organic in open brokerage and 6% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. New business was better than first quarter ‘21 levels and retention was consistent with prior year. Outside the U.S., our UK business posted organic of 14%. Within retail, fantastic new business and continued renewal premium increases helped drive 10% organic. In our London specialty business, including our legacy Gallagher Re operations, saw 17% organic. Australia and New Zealand combined organic was nearly 10% driven by strong new business, stable retention and higher renewal premium increases. And finally, Canada was up more than 12% organically and continues to benefit from renewal premium increases and great new business production. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business, first quarter organic was up over 7%, more than 1 point better than our March IRD expectation. Our core health and welfare organic was in line with our expectations of 5% and the upside in the quarter was driven by our international operations and our HR consulting, pharmacy benefits and various other life insurance product sales. So, 7% organic in benefits, 11% organic within our PC operations, an excellent quarter. Next, I’d like to make a few comments on the PC market. Overall, global first quarter renewal premium increases were 8%, consistent with the fourth quarter of ‘21 after controlling for line of coverage mix differences. Recall, the renewal premium change includes both rate and exposure. So, let me break that down around the world. About 10% in U.S. retail, including double-digit increases in property, professional liability and casualty somewhat offset by workers’ comp and commercial auto. In Canada, New Zealand, renewal premiums were up about 8.5%, with professional liability seeing the strongest increases. In Australia and UK retail, renewal premiums were up mid single-digits driven by increases in casualty and package. Within RPS, wholesale open brokerage premium increases were up 11% and binding operations were up 6%. And in our London specialty business, we saw first quarter rate increases around 7.5%. Moving to reinsurance, as we noted in January, our 1/1 renewals showed price increases that varied by geography and client loss experience. And while rate tended to be based on client-specific attributes in loss history, even loss-free programs faced modest rate increases. Our April Gallagher Re first review report is more focused on Japanese renewals, which tend to dominate the April 1 renewal season. We saw pricing increases in property-related classes, while casualty pricing was flattish despite inflation being a key topic of discussion. You can access our April reinsurance market report on our website for more information. So whether retail, wholesale or reinsurance premiums are still increasing almost everywhere. Looking forward, we expect our mix shift away from workers’ compensation renewals in Q1 to U.S. property cat renewals in Q2 will lead to premium increases in the second quarter, very similar to full year 2021. And we see these difficult PC market conditions continuing throughout the remainder of this year. Carriers will likely continue their cautious underwriting stance due to rising loss costs and increases in reinsurance pricing. And this comes at a time when the conflict in Ukraine is elevating geopolitical uncertainty, courts are reopening and global monetary policy is tightening. So from our seat, it looks like carriers will continue to push for rate and don’t see a dramatic change in the near-term. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business, I see domestic labor market conditions in ‘22 working in our favor. There are more than 11 million job openings in the U.S. That’s 5 million more jobs available than people unemployed in looking for work. And that imbalance lays the groundwork for robust demand for our HR and benefits consulting services as employers look to attract, retain and motivate their workforce. So, we finished first quarter with organic of 9.6%. Given our first quarter results and the current insurance market conditions, as we sit here today, we think 22% organic should end up even better than ‘21. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions, starting with some comments on our recent reinsurance acquisition. Integration is progressing at a fast pace and is ahead of schedule. Alongside the speed that we are executing comes the pull-forward of some of the future integration costs, which Doug will cover in his remarks. Also, we had a strong first quarter with the legacy Gallagher Re team growing 30% and our new reinsurance operations delivering towards $340 million of revenue and over $170 million in EBITDAC. And our reinsurance colleagues are melding together extremely well. So, it continues to be a really good story. During the first quarter, we completed 5 new tuck-in brokerage mergers, representing about $32 million of estimated annualized revenues. I’d like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our tuck-in merger and acquisition pipeline, we have around 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing nearly $250 million of annualized revenue. We know not all of these will close. However, we believe we will get our fair share. Next, I’d like to move to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. First quarter organic growth was 15.2%, better than our IR Day expectation due to a strong March, some new business wins and higher-than-expected COVID claims. Adjusted EBITDAC margin was 17.3% and would have been 18.5%, but we had a litigation settlement late in the quarter. Moving forward, we think the remaining ‘22 quarterly margins will be closer to our 19% expectation. We again saw increases in new arising claims across general liability, property, and to a lesser extent, core workers’ compensation during the quarter. New arising COVID claims were well above what we saw during the fourth quarter. However, core claim counts, which tend to have a greater impact on results, still have room to rebound fully to pre-COVID levels. Looking forward, we see ample opportunity for organic revenue growth from existing clients, growing claim counts and new business and expect organic to be around 10% per quarter for the remainder of the year. And let me finish with some thoughts on our bedrock culture. I believe our outstanding financial results are made possible because we are able to act as one company, united by one set of values, the Gallagher Way. As I mentioned earlier, we were once again named a world’s most ethical company by Ethisphere, a truly global effort that reflects our colleagues’ care and integrity to each other and our clients. Every day, I hear stories of our colleagues working together as one team to give our clients exactly what they need all around the world. That collaboration is possible because we genuinely want to deliver the best possible service at all times. When one team wins, we all win. And then there is the way our people give back to their communities. In March, we announced a special matching donation to provide humanitarian relief to the people of Ukraine. Thanks to the generosity of my Gallagher colleagues. We are able to donate over $1 million for necessities like food, water, supplies and first aid. I am proud to stand together with my Gallagher colleagues impacting communities around the world, and that is the Gallagher way. Okay, I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat and hello, everyone. As Pat said, a fantastic first quarter and start to the year. Today, I will get to my typical comments on organic margins, clean energy, cash, etcetera and I will also do a financial recap of the Willis Re acquisition, but first, the modeling heads-up regarding rollover revenues this quarter. We typically don’t comment on consensus estimates, but this quarter looks like there is a large variance in brokerage segment rollover revenues relative to the guidance numbers we provided within our CFO commentary document during our March 16 IR Day. When we get to Page 6 of today’s CFO commentary document, you will see we have added a table that shows consensus overstates rollover revenues by approximately $40 million versus the number we provided in March. That has an impact of overstating consensus EPS by $0.06. We hope you take this into consideration as you analyze our performance relative to consensus and to your model. Okay. With that housekeeping behind us, let’s shift to the earnings release, to the Brokerage segment organic table on Page 3. All-in brokerage organic of 9.6%, we had a really strong finish to the quarter, some nice new business wins by the P&C team and a terrific finish by our benefits consulting teams. You will also see strong growth in both contingents and supplementals. The Ukraine-Russia conflict impact was small, about $5 million of revenue, which is about a $0.01 hit this quarter. Looking forward, it’s looking like its small also, maybe another $5 million revenue impact spread over the next three quarters. Given our strong start and given our current favorable outlook of the market, as Pat discussed, we could be pushing nicely towards upper 8% to 9% full year organic growth here in ‘22. Next, let’s turn to Page 5 to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table. Headline all-in adjusted margin expansion for first quarter was 49 basis points, right in line with our March IR Day expectation. Recall that expansion includes a favorable seasonal impact from reinsurance roll-in offset in part by a return of expenses that we come out of the pandemic and it also has a little more incentive compensation given our stronger first quarter organic growth and full year expectations. Repeating what we said during March, we are well positioned to deliver around 10 to 20 basis points of full year adjusted margin expansion. But remember, as we discussed here in ‘22, there will be margin change volatility quarter-to-quarter. That’s due to expenses return as we come out of the pandemic and the roll-in impact of acquired reinsurance revenues. So, let me walk through what we said in March, 50 basis points of expansion here in the first quarter, then expecting second and third quarter margins to each be down around 100 basis points, but then that flips and we expect fourth quarter margins to be up around 100 basis points. The math, given that we are seasonally larger in the first quarter, gets us back to that 10 to 20 basis points of full year margin expansion. Looking way out towards ‘23 that quarterly margin change volatility should go away with the pandemic behind us and reinsurance fully in our books. Okay. Let’s move on to the Risk Management segment and the organic table on the bottom of Page 5. You will see 15.2% organic in the first quarter. That’s just terrific by the team. And with continued strong new business and rebounding claim counts, it’s looking like organic revenue growth of about 10% each quarter for the rest of ‘22. On the next page, you will see that our Risk Management segment posted adjusted EBITDAC margin of 17.3%. That was compressed by about 120 basis points due to an unusual late quarter litigation settlement. As Pat said, moving forward, we would expect margins for the remainder of ‘22 to be closer to 19%. Moving to Page 7 of the earnings release and the corporate segment shortcut table, most adjusted first quarter items were in line with our March IR Day estimates. Within the corporate line, we did also benefit from an FX remeasurement gain and a larger tax benefit related to employee stock option exercises given the strong performance of our stock late in the quarter. You also see a couple of non-GAAP adjustments. The first relates to transaction costs and professional fees associated with buying Willis Re. And the second was a state tax benefit related to the revaluation of our deferred income tax balances. Alright. Let’s now go to the CFO commentary document. Page 3 has our typical brokerage and risk management modeling helpers. We have updated our outlook for integration. I will get to that more in a minute. We have updated FX and you will see a slight tick-up in our expected Brokerage segment tax rate, call it 0.5 percentage point. In addition, the amortization lines in both brokerage and risk management are now highlighted in yellow. This means the item is now being treated as a non-GAAP adjustment. If you missed our March IR Day, we did a vignette on how this change – on this change and how we are reporting adjusted EPS. This is the first quarter reporting under that revised method. On Page 4 of the CFO commentary, that’s our corporate segment outlook. You will see there is no change in our outlook for second, third and fourth quarters. When you turn to Page 5 to clean energy, the purpose of this page is to highlight that we have over $1 billion of credit carry-forwards and we are now in the cash harvesting era of these investments. There is no GAAP earnings anymore other than a little bit of overhead expense, but rather now substantial cash flows. You will see in the pinkish column that the ‘22 cash flow increase should be substantial. We should be able to harvest $125 million to $150 million a year of cash flows and perhaps more in ‘23 and beyond, at that rate, a really nice 7-year cash flow sweetener. And there still is a possibility of an extension in the law, so we remain well positioned to restart production if that happens. Okay, flipping to Page 6 of the CFO commentary document. Top table is the rollover revenue table. Recall that we update this each earnings release day and also each quarter during our late quarter IR meetings. The next box, highlighted in yellow, is the math behind the $0.06 impact of consensus versus our March guidance that I touched on in my opening. Then at the bottom table is an update on our December Reinsurance acquisition. Revenue this quarter was $337 million and EBITDAC was $172 million. The very small difference to the numbers we provided during our March IR Day reflects two items: first, the quarterly timing related to further refinement in our ASC 606 accounting for both revenue and expense and second, some further movement in FX rates. In the end, if you go all the way back to our original August ‘21 projections, there is very little change to our first year of ownership expectations other than a small impact from Russia, Ukraine and FX. As for integration, the good news is that our original estimate of around a total of $250 million for integration charges through the end of 2024 is holding close. The even better news is we are making progress at a faster pace than we originally thought. Integration efforts around people, real estate, back office transition services, etcetera are targeted to be mostly done by late ‘22 versus mid to late ‘23 as originally planned. When it comes to technology rebuilds, we think most of it will be done by the end of ‘23 or early ‘24. So what that means is that we will see integration costs lumped more into ‘22 and ‘23, then spreading deep into ‘24. You will see the bump up of our ‘22 quarterly integration estimates back on Page 3 of the CFO commentary, but it’s important to remember, it isn’t changing our in-total view. So, that continues to be a really good story. As for cash, capital management and future M&A, at March 31, available cash on hand was about $450 million and no outstanding borrowing on our line of credit. With strong operating cash flows expected in ‘22 and a nice bump in cash flow from our clean energy investments, we are extremely well positioned to fund future tuck-in M&A using cash and debt. We continue to see our M&A capacity at more than $4 billion through the end of ‘23 without using any stock. So those are my comments. We’re off to a great start in ‘22. From my vantage point as CFO, we’re positioned for another great year. A huge thank you to the entire Gallagher team for another terrific quarter. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Darryl, I think we’re ready to open up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first questions come from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Good afternoon, Patrick. Congratulations on the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Newsome: I was going to ask about the guidance for organic growth is at a decelerating pace. Maybe you could talk about sort of the factors that go into what might be decelerating prospectively from a macro basis that’s having an effect on your business.
Doug Howell: So listen, I think we posted 9.6% this quarter, and I think that we’re guiding upper 8% to 9%. I wouldn’t call that a deceleration. I think that there is a reality, looking towards where we were in third and fourth quarter, as the compares get a little more difficult to have. But I don’t know if I’d use the word deceleration, but I think it’s pretty close.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, in fact, Paul, we looked at the stats before this call, and over the last eight quarters, the renewal rates across our book, including, I should add, the exposure units are about flat, around 8.5% to 9%. So I mean it varies up to 9%, 9.5%, it comes down to it. But I would say any kind of a wholesale drop-off is not what we’re seeing, to Doug’s point.
Paul Newsome: Knock on wood, my second question relates to interest rates. We are finally seeing some rising interest rates. I was wondering what your thoughts are on how that affects your earnings as well as, frankly, M&A. I wonder if we’re seeing any change in the competitive environment for M&A with interest rates changing as well. So I guess that’s sneaking in essentially two questions.
Doug Howell: Let me take the investment income for our fiduciary funds that we keep on hand. We would think that a 1 point rise in interest rates would be about another $40 million a year of investment income versus what we’ve been showing so far. That might tick up a little bit more as we get reinsurance completely rolled into our books. In terms of what that means in terms of other pressures inside of our organization, we’re just not all that sensitive to interest rates internally in our operating model.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But we do know, Paul, I mean let’s face it, a lot of the competition from our private equity competitors for acquisitions has been driven by free money. And if they got to start paying for it I think that bodes well for us.
Paul Newsome: That makes sense. You haven’t seen that – I see this as too soon with interest rate can...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Cash, no, we haven’t seen anything.
Paul Newsome: Great, thanks guys. Appreciate the help.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is come from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Hello, Pat. Good afternoon. Could you give the margin in brokerage, if you back out the Willis Re, I suppose you’ve given us the inputs, but do you have that handy, Doug?
Doug Howell: I can dig it out here for you here in a second.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We’ve got it at the table somewhere, Mark, do you have another question?
Mark Hughes: Yes. Pat, you talked about the risk management being helped by an uptick in GL property, workers’ comp claims. Anything you see in either GL or comp that influences your view of what’s going to happen in terms of the cycle, if, in fact, courts are opening and you’re seeing a pickup in GL. Does that tell you anything?
J. Patrick Gallagher: There is two things I’d comment on, Mark, really. One is it’s been in very interesting hard market. And as you know, looking over the past, what is now almost 4 years, comp hasn’t moved. Comp has not been a big rate driver up and it’s not coming down. So it’s been an interesting line. And as the economy becomes more robust. And frankly, when we pick up – when we start to fill some of those 11 million jobs, I think the natural increase in claim activity is going to really benefit Gallagher Bassett. We clearly can track back that when our economy is humming, it’s just a natural outcome. You don’t like to see people get hurt, but we have more claim volume. That’s number one. Number two, what I continue to be astounded by, and I’m sure everybody on this call reads it every week as well, when I look at our social inflation around tort, it’s incredible. And so I think what you’re seeing is, number one, case settlements at levels that never any of us would have predicted but also what that does is it drives our clients to be much more cautious and concerned about claims that, frankly, in the past, they might have said, pay us $50,000, move on or let’s not settle that. It doesn’t look like that big a deal. I mean not to get anecdotal on you all, but it is late in the evening. And you probably saw the settlement last week for some guy who got $450,000 because this company threw a surprise party for him. I mean I keep asking the folks for a surprise party. But it’s just – so that I do think is beneficial to GB. And GB continues to invest and I think capable of proving that if, in fact, you use our services, with all that we bring to the table, our outcomes are better. So all of a sudden, if you’re used to getting a lot of claims, but one of them every 5 years tends to pop. And now you’re looking at it, you go, man, what’s happening? I’m starting to get 2 a year, 3 a year. Now who pays those claims makes a bigger and bigger difference. And I think that bodes well for the long-term.
Doug Howell: Mark, I can give you the answer on the – if you have a follow-up with that, then I’ll come back to that.
Mark Hughes: Okay. I was just going to ask on the June 1 reinsurance renewals, so what kind of rate increases are you seeing, how much dislocation is there in the cat property.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Really not that much dislocation on the reinsurance side. And I would say, back to my prepared remarks, depending on the carrier, depending on the carriers experience. That’s what’s driving the renewals. And Doug, go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Okay.
Doug Howell: Yes. On the margin, Mark, we’re somewhere around high 37% margins in the brokerage business without Willis Re. And there is some variability around that because of allocations between the units, right? Second of all, I just think that in the context of margin, as you’re looking at what’s changed since last year. This quarter, I know that we’re ahead on our bonus accrual relative to where we were last year because we started off with considerably better organic growth. So that has a little bit of a margin compression impact, but I would consider that timing. We are in the first quarter. And recall, we give our raises out mid-year, so raise impact rolling in versus first quarter. As organic develops throughout the year, you grow into your raises and then when it comes back to cost returning into the business. So if you break it down, let’s say that expenses year-over-year on an apples-to-apples basis are $25 million up, $10 million of that’s bonus. You probably can call it $6 million is raise impact and then you get down to about $8 million left over. That’s probably – take third of that and call it increased professional fees that we’re spending, third of that would be T&E travel and third of that would be client entertainment. So when you look at the pieces of being up, let’s say, $25 million of expenses year-over-year, the way we look at it, call it, $10 million of it’s timing and $15 million is spread between raises that we will work ourselves into for the year and then the other piece of it, T&E, entertainment and some professional fees. Does that help?
Mark Hughes: Yes. I appreciate the detail.
Doug Howell: Sure. Yes. And let me throw in too is that we’re – I went back while you were doing that. I looked at in first quarter of 2019, we posted 35%. And this is where the supplement really helps so that we post, not the CFO commentary but the 5-year supplement we put out there, we posted 35.6% EBITDAC margin in first quarter of ‘19. And this quarter in the Brokerage segment, we’re at 39.8% so we’re up 420 basis points. If we hit our target this year of being up 10 to 20 basis points for full year, we’d be up 540 basis points over 2019. So it’s 180 basis points of margin expansion a year over the last 3 years, each year, 180 basis points. And truly, our reinsurance business is rolling in. While seasonally a little better this quarter, when you put full year and it’s not all that different than our combined brokerage operation margins. So the margin story we believe is pretty darn good. And when we’re running somewhere around 34 points of margin for full year, if we hit our targets this year, that’s pretty darn good versus the 28 and change in 2019.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it.
Doug Howell: Sure.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Greg.
Greg Peters: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I can say listening to your comments, Pat, that I’m sure a number of us, myself included, would take a piece of the action on your surprise party. Keep us in mind. So I guess from a macro perspective, I’m going to comment – Paul tried to ask a question, I’m going to come at it from a different way. I know you’ve mapped out a pretty robust outlook for the remainder of the year. There are a number of economists and other reports out there that are speculating about the potential oncoming over a recession. And obviously, the data is not showing it yet, at least your data isn’t. But I’m just curious from an enterprise risk management perspective. When you think about that type of risk, what are you doing at the corporate level to prepare for something like that, if you think that might be in the cards?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, Greg, I’m not going to sit here and predict a recession. Unfortunately, we’ve lived through them before. And I think we do know how to react to those. And when you’re in a recession, a couple of things happen that are very, very negative. Exposure units drop, companies go broke, expenses become even more important, not that they are ever not important, and shopping can go up. Now when shopping goes up for our strength, in particular, in the middle market, I think we show well. So we hold our own there. But when you’ve got a robust economy falling off, you end up with negative audits and you’ve got lesser exposure units. And depending on the depth of that recession, it’s not a pretty picture. So when you talk about what are we doing relative to our risk management approach, we talk about it every quarter. We take a look at where we are. We’ve got significant margins, and we prepare to say here’s what we have to do to make sure that – one of the things I really like about our model is we basically pay our production for us on how their book of business performs. So, we are all in this together and if the business is sinking. Now in previous recessions, if I don’t go back too far, we’ve not had the benefit of inflation. So inflation may, in fact, help cause a recession and I don’t know whether that will be 1 point, 2 points. I know the first quarter GDP was down. But if you’re talking 5% to 8% inflation, that has the exact opposite impact. As you know, payrolls go up. We are all seeing that. I mean, I can’t go a day without somebody stopping me and saying we are getting whacked. I’ve got a mid-level service person, and it’s a problem and what am I going to do about it? And every customer is coming to Bill’s or Bell’s team and saying, how am I going to hold on to my people. Everybody wants them. They go to a restaurant. They don’t have people that can serve you. I mean there is just huge demand, and that’s pushing payrolls up. And our contractors book, they bid everything out and now they got to deliver at inflation rates they never anticipated when they made the bid. Well, if there is other business to bid, those rates are going up. So sales will go up. So there is offsetting factors there. And I think our business holds up pretty darn well in a recession.
Doug Howell: Yes, so a couple of things. We look at daily endorsements, cancellations, audits, we get that as a daily feed. And this was the biggest month of positive audits that we’ve seen. And again, that’s historical. That’s a rearview mirror metric, but I’m not seeing that trail off at all. So I’m not seeing any early signs of a recession to happen because the first thing a customer will do is they’ll ring up the phone and they’ll adjust their expected payrolls down. So we’re not seeing that. We’re not seeing it in our exposure unit and our rate monitoring the deal. We look at renewals every day also. So we’re just not seeing it happen. But what we’ve proven throughout the COVID is that we’ve got a pretty resilient model that we have a lot of levers to pull should we get into a situation where growth becomes more difficult. And I think that we’ve proven we can do that. So we think the model is resilient. We think that inflation is going to help us on the top line when it comes to revenues for the business that’s there. But we do have levers that we can pull in order to help us get through a recession.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And also, let me remind you, back in 2007, ‘08, ‘09, and this is just an incredible support of this model again. You’d think oh, my gosh, it’s going to be our clients will stop paying their people before they stop paying their insurance bill. That’s how important we are to them. That’s a good spot to be.
Greg Peters: Indeed. Thanks color on that. Pivot to perhaps a little bit more detailed question and Doug, your guidance and commentary on the various parts in your CFO commentary quite helpful. And I guess what I wanted to ask about was the free cash flow, excluding clean energy because you talked about the integration expense and some other things. I’m just wondering what you think the cadence of that looks like now for ‘22. Has there been a change versus previous expectations? And how you would suggest we look at that?
Doug Howell: Let’s see if I can break it down. Let’s start with $4 billion that we have left over for M&A in ‘22 and ‘23. Cash – clean energy provides $250 million of that. Integration is already net in that number, right? So I’ve already given you a number net of integration. Also, when we talk about integration, you’ve got to look at it as half of it being noncash and half of it being cash. You recall that integration expenses are the sign-up bonuses that we delivered and mostly equity plans, so that’s amortizing as a noncash item against that. So I would say that integration won’t consume an excessive amount of cash. I would say that the clean energy – maybe you think about it this way, the clean energy basically offsets the cash portion of that. And all that is all washed out in our $4 billion expectation for M&A over the – during ‘22 and ‘23. Does that help you give a thought on it?
Greg Peters: It does. I know you’ve given me similar answers like that in the past. It feels like that should be your voice mail, but thanks for reminding me of all that little pieces there.
Doug Howell: Listen, it generates a lot of cash. It’s like I say around here, I don’t make the money, I just count it and there is a lot of it coming in.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks, guys for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question is come from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. Maybe my first question is kind of going back to the earlier discussion on organic. Pat, when you gave us the initial outlook for 2022, you had said that the full year would be about 1% above the Q1. So is it just that the – and I think that was maybe based off of the benefits business perhaps being a little lighter and heavier in concentration in the Q1. But is there something that changed? Or is there just – I understand that the rest of the year outlook is close to the Q1. Is there something that perhaps caused that view to change? Or is it just that just as simple as the Q1 being better than you expected when you made that comment?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I’ll let Doug answer the actual number piece on that because a lot of that’s mathematical. But in terms of what I’m seeing for the year, I’m not seeing – I’m not anticipating significant change in the operating environment over the next three quarters.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that our cautious guidance in January and then again in March really was talking about the fact that we’re not getting rate lift from workers’ comp, which is heavier in the first quarter. And then also, you’re not really seeing rate and benefits yet now it’s interesting since that guidance there is medical inflation that’s coming back fast and furious. And I think that give us another quarter on that, and we might become a little bit more bullish because I think that – and of course, that will eventually translate into workers’ comp too, absent of any frequency declining or holding in there. But I think our cautiousness on the benefits business might have been overly cautious. But again, we just need to see another quarter of that before we get into a position of declaring that there is true medical inflation that’s going to affect next year’s growth, too. But I don’t see it as a headwind. I see it as a tailwind to our organic.
Elyse Greenspan: Great. And then my second question, you guys have mentioned having around $4 billion of capital over the next couple of years to spend on M&A. The tuck-ins, right, were just around $30 million this quarter, so maybe a little bit light relative to some historical averages. So as we think about just kind of deal flows, it sounds like interest rates could impact private equity interest, so maybe that helps with the pipeline. Is there a certain point and maybe we have to wait until next year where if deals don’t materialize since that’s a pretty high level of capital, Gallagher might consider using some buybacks as well with the excess capital?
Doug Howell: I think an answer to that is – yes, let’s clarify. I think that first quarter is already seasonally the smallest when it comes to M&A. It’s historically been that 5 years out of the last 6 years. So, I think there is just a natural little push towards year-end and then there is a little pause in the first quarter. So, I think there could be a rebound in opportunities through the rest of the year. If those rebounds don’t materialize and we are not seeing opportunities for it, then our next place that we would go is to make sure that our debt is clearly within an a solid investment-grade rating and then use it for stock buybacks next and then maybe even consideration on the dividend. So, those are the three or four things that we are seeing how is deal flow look, next thing is what do we do with the excess cash as the deal flow isn’t there, and we will stack that up to controlling the debt, for sure, then making sure that we are positioned well to buy back stock or do dividend increases.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And one last one on Willis Re, I recognize the revenue was close to what you guys had laid out at the Investor Day. Can you give us a sense of just client retention and new business and how that’s been trending in your first full quarter of owning the business?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I will do that, Lisa. It’s really been an amazing and let’s remember, as we finished the quarter, we are four months in. So, as we have this call, we are close to five months. But I will tell you that the team, we are not losing people, we are not losing clients. Our renewals have been fantastic. Tom, myself, others at the table have had a chance to meet with reinsurance clients. They continue to be very open about the fact that they are glad. That they are – there is not one less competitor in the marketplace. They are also very clear with us that the reason that the business held together over the years of discussion as to where this business was going to land was because of the people handling their business. And those people are still in place. Our losses in terms of people out the door are minimal to zero. And so when I look at it, I am really, really happy about it. And new business pipeline is strong. What I am very excited about is the integration that we are seeing or the sharing of information from our retail. Everybody said at the beginning, why is this good for retail. And people also would ask, why does reinsurance care what you are doing as a retailer. Well, I will tell you what. There is so much going back and forth right now in terms of data relative to the business we are doing with all kinds of carriers, with things that our reinsurance people are seeing can help our retailers and they are melding. So, the business is strong. We are absolutely nailing it when it comes to what we hope the performer would be and I think it’s going to continue to be a great business for us.
Doug Howell: Yes, I can give you some numbers behind that flavor is that – and I will give it to you is net new. Our net new was over 5% this quarter, if you control for those people that put on a different jersey before we bought it. And our overall organic is nicely, let’s call it, 8% first quarter plus or minus a point. So organic, really I got to give it to the team for what they went through for 3 years for them to be out there battling the way to have holding their clients, writing new business, I mean it’s really a terrific story. So, when you are posting organic nicely in that upper-single digits after what they have been through, I couldn’t be more pleased with the team.
Elyse Greenspan: Great. Thanks for all the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore. Please proceed with your questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi David.
David Motemaden: Hi. Good evening. How is it going guys?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great.
David Motemaden: So, great to hear the outlook on organic in the Brokerage segment, but obviously still keeping the 10 basis points to 20 basis points full year margin expansion outlook. I guess I am wondering, it definitely sounds like it’s a bit more positive on the organic growth side. So, I guess I am wondering why I guess we are not expecting or why you guys aren’t expecting more margin improvement than the 10 basis points to 20 basis points. Is it additional investments that you are making? Is it the bonus accruals? Is it something in addition, I think you had called out $60 million of incremental costs coming back in this year. Is that higher now that sort of keeps it at 10 basis points to 20 basis points of margin expansion?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that we are just a little reluctant right now to push that up when it really comes down to it. I think that there is a lot of things that we would really like to do. And I will segue into some of the exciting stuff. When you look at what’s going on with – and you listen to our March, our late quarter IR Day. We talk about all the great things we are doing in the business. When you look at what’s going on with our electronic delivery platform, when you are looking at the automation that we are doing that we are writing 6,000 policies a month with hardly anybody involved on cyber, the Gallagher Drive, the Advantage program, the smart market. And then you look at the advertising and the brand building that we are doing and spending money on that systems. We are spending money on hardening the environment and delivering more point-of-sale capabilities to the sales force. When you look at all those things, posting another 10 basis points, 20 basis points, 30 basis points of margin expansion on top of already posting 540 basis points of expansion since 2019, we would just like to spend a little money this year. When you get to 2023, as a lot of this levelizes between the pandemic and between – and the roll-in of the reinsurance M&A, you might see a little bit more expansion in that if we are still posting in that 9% range. But right now, this is a great opportunity for us to invest in the future organic growth of the company. So, that’s where we are on it. You want to call that voluntary spend, call it, voluntary spend, but it’s not must spend.
David Motemaden: No, it makes sense. No, that makes sense. And I guess just maybe it sounded like the international business did quite well in the first quarter. So, I guess I am wondering, Pat, just specifically, could you just talk about what you are seeing on the ground in Europe and in the UK, if there is any sign of any wobbles there in terms of exposure growth or demand as I think some of the leading indicators are pointing towards economic slowdown there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me go around the world again as I did in my prepared remarks. So, if you take a look at what we are seeing in Canada. And it’s – our team in terms of new business is on fire. When we closed on Neuraxis years ago and the Canadian economy was a little flush where it was a little slow. We weren’t together. Neuraxis has seven separate businesses kind of operating separately. Now that business is totally together. The Gallagher branding is working extremely well. People are pumped up. We are using sales force. Our pipeline has grown and the 10% organic, yes, it’s helped by rate, but new business is much better than it’s ever been. When you go to the UK, that same timeframe, we have added new – recall, we bought Heath Lambert, Giles, etcetera, again, a lot of time on integration. Today, we will do an acquisition of size in the UK. And frankly, we have got that thing integrated in five months to seven months. And they are putting on a Gallagher jersey. They are excited about it. Then our team just gets stronger and stronger there. Now, I can’t tell you that economic events aren’t going to impact us. Recessions are terrible. Bad for our clients, they are bad for us, and they are bad for our business. But I would tell you that where we are from a team perspective is fantastic. So, you are right to look through the numbers and say it seems like international is doing really well because as we walked around the world and told you the organic, they are just killing it everywhere. Latin America is strong. New Zealand is strong. Australia is strong, and all of that is not just rate driven. That’s the thing I want to make sure everybody realizes is that it’s not just because rates are moving, we are getting our fair share of our new business opportunities. And in fact, we are seeing hit ratios improve and we are being helped by our clients’ business expansions and just blocking and tackling. So, it’s a very good spot to be.
Doug Howell: Yes. I can’t predict the trickle-on effect. But remember, we are primarily in the UK. We do have inflow from the rest of Europe. Not heavily based in by any means in Eastern Europe. So, we don’t have that. And I think at one point, we looked at and our inflows from Europe might have been in that $40 million range in total revenues. So, if you think about it in the context of what it means to Gallagher, if all of Europe would stop sending any business to London, it’s $50 million of lost revenue to us. And pushing $8 billion of revenue as a total organization, we would feel it, but it wouldn’t register at all.
J. Patrick Gallagher: David, I think it’s fair to say, too, what we have done in the United States in terms of the things you have seen in your SmartMarket, Gallagher Drive. Those things are impacting our new business with carriers, our retention and clearly, our new business hit ratios using SmartMarket, and we are taking those internationally now. So, that was born and bred here in the U.S. But those are our products that are going to be available in Canada and the UK to start. And they are difference makers. And really remember, when we compete and this is one of the things about again, kind of being in a lucky spot. 90% of the time when our people go out the door to compete, we are competing with somebody smaller. Say at 10%, 11%, 12% of the time, we are competing with folks that, frankly, can come to the table with the same type of resources or story. But every other time, when I talk to our sales force, I think we should win. We don’t, obviously, but I think that’s having an impact. Our people go out the door thinking they are going to win, I will tell you that.
David Motemaden: Yes, it definitely looks like you guys are getting your fair share of wins. And I know in the past, you have broken out the brokerage organic in terms of drivers by exposure, pricing and net new. I think in the past, you said it’s about a third, a third, a third, has that changed at all this quarter?
Doug Howell: Well, I think rates might be fueling that just a little bit more, but we probably need a little more time to peel that apart. We will see if I can give you something, and get back together in June on that. But right now, rates probably used to be a third, a third, a third, and I think rates might be more 40% than, 30%, 30%, something like that.
David Motemaden: Yes. Okay. Great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your questions.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Hi guys. I hope all is well. One, I guess dumb question. When I look at Page 3 of the CFO commentary, it still anticipates a full year margin of 19% in risk management. Is that – does that mean that we are going to unwind some of the first quarter underperformance, or is that assuming – is that based on like the $18.5 million?
Doug Howell: I think we will be somewhere nicely in the 18% for full year. So, I think that if we post three quarters of 19%, we will claw back into that $17.3 million for this quarter. And again, we get an unusual legal settlement probably once every 4 years, 5 years. So, it’s unfortunate it happened this quarter, but that business is really doing well.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s helpful. A second issue, and I know these are small numbers, but does the call it withdrawal from Russia on the reinsurance business, does that have any impact on the earn-out?
Doug Howell: Yes. I would technically have an impact. If we don’t reach some of our milestones in it, that loss of $10 million over the course of the year, yes that might have a – it would have an impact on it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: They are going to overdo that. That’s not – my prediction is it will not.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Because of other businesses compensating?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Correct.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then one final question on the reinsurance side and Pat, you talked a lot about the fact that some of the people there were under some strain over the past couple of years. Did that depress what Willis Re was able to charge? Is there an opportunity for revenue growth now that simply because it’s a more stable platform or you can invest in it more heavily?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I got to understand the question. I mean our reinsurance clients pay us very, very, very well and very fairly and now a stable environment is not going to give us the ability to charge our clients. Does it give us the ability to invest more favorably, absolutely, because you now have people and our old business is people. To be perfectly blunt, there were people who were going to join them before, like join them in the middle of a sale. Nobody knows – by the way, remember, I am not making this up, it was public. I mean they couldn’t tell the people at Willis where they are going to sit, who are they going to work for. That’s not easy to recruit into, is it. Well, there is lots of opportunities to invest. There is lots of – at the same time, reinsurance buyers are kind of frozen in the headlights. We want to see competition in the market. We don’t want Willis, frankly, to disappear, but we are not going to build the problem bigger. So, yes, there is opportunities for us to go back to those clients and say, “Hey, we think we have got something to tell you now.” So, I think once it settles down and we all get – again, I am four months into the quarter, five months in total, a year from now I will have a much better feel for the individuals.
Doug Howell: I will add to it, though the thirst for information from our reinsurance partners is there. And if we can bring them the information that they are looking for that maybe they haven’t been able to get in the past. I believe that, that will help them attract more new clients and perhaps broaden out the book of business they are doing with their existing clients. I do believe that our ability to provide real-time data like we do for our retail business to them, a compelling advantage for them in the marketplace.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That is very helpful. Thank you so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our final questions come from the line of Weston Bloomer with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Weston Bloomer: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. My first was a follow-up on the investments that you guys described around the systems and point of sales. I guess what’s the pipeline and timing for that? Does that extend into 2023? And just curious because in 2023, can we go back to a world where the pre-pandemic commentary was we expand margins if organic is over 4%? Is that baseline potentially still the same, or could it be lower given the higher investments that you are making? Recognizing that the 34% and 19% margins are still impressive, but curious how to think about that in 2023?
Doug Howell: Well, one of the things I would like to say about it is that we have been investing in these technologies all along the way. So, we are talking about investing in another $3 million or $4 million or $5 million a quarter. I mean this is a smart market advantage, better works 360, all the things that we are doing, we are continuing to invest in them, and we really didn’t slow that down much. It’s the incremental spend on them to make them even better and more competitive. That’s what we want to do. I mean if you looked at our GB go, I am just talking in the risk management right now, what they can do to adjust a claim on your phone with you, track it, monitor it, help you get back to work, it’s impressive. So, these are the type of enhancements that we have on the table how do we make that better, how do we make Gallagher Drive better. Right now, RPS has 24 different products on their quote and buying system that’s basically a no-touch system. They are doing 6,000 policies a month. What happens when we took that out to 48 policies and our investment spend on that illustratively is about $2 million a year. But what if we get 48 different lines of cover on that and then go to 72 and then go to 100? It’s – those are the type of incremental investments that we would like to make because I think they are powerful. I say this all the time, what we are doing on the RPS automation side alone is a $1 billion business. And I think we would like to do that across 20 different things inside of the company. So, where our margin is going to be in ‘23, we are going to – I think that we are going to be over the return of expenses from the pandemic. The real question is how much are we going to spend on investment on that. But it would stand to reason that if we post at least 4% organic growth, there will be opportunities to expand on that.
Weston Bloomer: Got it. That’s helpful color. And then my second question is a follow-up to Elyse’s on M&A. I just want to clarify. Was all of the term sheet disclosure – is all of that seasonal, or is there any of that strategic around Willis Re? The reason I am asking is I am trying to frame the potential for maybe a pickup in that number in the second half as you annualized the deal?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The numbers we were talking about in the pipeline in our prepared remarks are totally outside of Willis Re. Willis Re is done, those are…
Weston Bloomer: What I meant is, yes, is the pipeline potentially lighter as you focus on integrating Willis Re?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. Our retail operations have zero distraction by the Willis Re folks.
Doug Howell: And actually, we are starting to see some small little boutique reinsurance opportunities pipe up on our deals already.
Weston Bloomer: Okay. That’s great to hear. Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks Weston.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Weston. Darryl, I think that’s all our questions for tonight. So, I would like to just say thank you again for joining us. Obviously, we had a fantastic start to 2022. I would like to thank our colleagues around the globe for their hard work. We are a people business and our results directly reflect your efforts. Thank you. We look forward to speaking with you again at our June Investor Day, and thanks for being with us, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings for more detail on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had an outstanding fourth quarter. For our combined brokerage and risk management segments, we posted 18% growth in revenue, 11% organic growth, net earnings growth of 11% adjusted EBITDAC growth of 17% and we completed 18 new tuck-in mergers in the quarter. That's on top of closing our Willis Re merger. Our total for the year, our merger strategy added more than $1 billion of annualized revenue. That's just fantastic. Needless to say, I'm extremely proud of how the team performed during the fourth quarter and the full year. So let me give you some more detail on our outstanding fourth quarter performance starting with the brokerage segment. During the quarter reported revenue growth was an excellent 19% of that 10.6 was organic, another sequential step up from the third quarter and the fourth consecutive quarter of improvement. Net earnings growth was 8% adjusted EBITDAC growth was 17%. And we expanded our adjusted EBITDAC margin by 13 basis points in line with our December IRD expectations. Remember, that's lower because of the natural seasonality of the reinsurance acquisition, margins would have expanded nearly 90 basis points. So another great quarter for the brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and break down the 10.6% organic, starting with our PC operations. First, a domestic retail business posted 13% of organic, driven by excellent new business, higher exposures and continued rate increases. Risk placement services, our domestic wholesale operations posted organic of 15%. This includes more than 30% organic in open brokerage, and 5% organic in our MGA programs and binding businesses. New business was better than 2020 levels and near double-digit renewal premium increases helped to. Outside the U.S., our U.K. business posted organic of 12% specialty including our existing Gallagher Re business was up in the high teens and retail is up 7% Both fueled by new business and retention in excess of 2020 levels. Australia, New Zealand combined, organic was more than 8% also benefiting from good new business and improved retention. And finally, Canada was up more than 13% organically and continues to benefit from strong new business trends, stable retention and renewal premium increases. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business. Fourth quarter organic was up about 7% a couple of points better than our December IRD expectation. We saw some nice sequential improvement over the course of 2021 up from the 2% organic we delivered in the first quarter, thanks to a rebound in global economy, declining U.S. unemployment and increased demand for our consulting services as businesses look to grow. Next I'd like to make a few comments on the PC market. Overall, global fourth quarter renewal premium increases were above 8% broadly consistent with the increases we saw during the first three quarters of '21. Moving around the world renewal premium change which includes both rates and exposure, up about 8.5% in U.S. retail including a 13% increase in professional liability, 8% in property and casualty and 4% in workers comp. In Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the U.K., retail renewal premiums up between 7% and 9%, mostly driven by increases in professional liability and property. Within RPS, wholesale open brokerage premium increases were up 13% and binding operations were up six. Shifting to reinsurance, January 1 renewal showed price increases that vary by geography and client loss experience, loss free programs saw rates flattish to up 10%. While loss impacted accounts and cat exposed property business experienced rate increases that were in many cases double that. So rate tended to be based on client's specific attributes and loss history. And I consider that to be a healthy outcome. So whether retail, wholesale or reinsurance premiums are still increasing almost everywhere. Looking forward, I see a difficult PC market conditions continuing throughout 2022. That's because our risk bearing partners remain cautious on rising loss costs. So property coverages replacement cost inflation and the increased frequency and severity of catastrophe losses are causing underwriters to rethink rate adequacy. On the casualty side, social inflation, low investment returns and the potential for increases in claim frequency as global economies further recover are all potential negative drivers of future underwriting profitability. And on top of higher loss costs and lower investment insurance, reinsurance costs are also increasing. So I think carriers will continue to push for rate and don't see a dramatic change in the near term. We shine in this type of environment by helping our clients find appropriate coverage while mitigating price increases throughout creativity, expertise and market relationships. I'm equally as upbeat on our employee benefit consulting and brokerage business. As you know the first quarter seasonally our largest employee benefits quarter and is looking like the team had a strong annual enrollment season. Early indications are pointing to an increase in new client wins over prior year, consistent client retention and a slight increase in covered lives. With improved business activity and increased demand for goods and services businesses are trying to grow their workforce. But the labor market remains extremely tight with more than 10.5 million job openings domestically and 6.3 million people unemployed and looking for work. This lays the groundwork for robust demand for our consulting services in 2022 as employers look to attract, retain and motivate their workforce. So we finished '21 with full year organic of 8%. That's really nice improvement from the 3.2% organic we reported in '20 and above pre-pandemic 2019 organic of 5.8%. And as we sit here today, we think '22 organic will end up in a very similar range to '21 and there is a case that it ends up even better. Let me move on to mergers and acquisitions. It was great work by the team to close the reinsurance acquisition in early December. Integration is well under way and progressing at a good pace. Remember, we are a seasoned integrator. On the revenue side, much like our tuck-in acquisitions, we've mobilized our local teams from retail, wholesale and even Gallagher Bassett to partner with our new colleagues and generate new revenue opportunities. I'm also very pleased that our combined Gallagher Re team hit the ground running and had a strong finish to the year. Financially, the acquisition added about 20 million of revenue in December and as expected generated a small EBITDAC loss due to seasonality. More importantly, I'm already seeing examples of cross division cooperation and collaboration. So our new reinsurance colleagues are quickly embracing our Better Together Gallagher culture. Outside of reinsurance, we completed 18 tuck-in brokerage mergers during the quarter, representing about $65 million of estimated annualized revenues. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our tuck-in merger and acquisition pipeline, we have around 35 term sheets signed are being prepared representing over $200 million of annualized revenues. We know all these will not close however, we believe we'll get our fair share. Next, I'd like to move to our risk management segment Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter organic was 13.1% a bit better than our December IRD expectation, margins approached 19% in the quarter, leading to full year adjusted EBITDAC margin of 19.1%. Another great quarter and full year for that matter from the team. We saw more new arising claims within General Liability and Property and to a lesser extent co-workers compensation during the quarter. New COVID related workers comp claims were similar to the third quarter dated slightly by the late year surge in cases from Omicron variant. Regardless of the short-term variability of new rising claim activity, we feel really good about the business. Looking forward continued strong retention, combined with new client wins in the fourth quarter should drive '22 organic into the high single digit range. So it was another fantastic year for our franchise and I'm extremely proud of our team and our collective accomplishments. Together, we produced 8.6% organic growth in our combined brokerage and risk management segments, completed 38 mergers with more than $1 billion of estimated annualized revenue, more than 110 basis points of adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion. And we were recognized as one of the world's most ethical companies for the 10th year in a row by the Ethisphere Institute and all this in the face of a pandemic. What a fantastic year, more than ever, our success is due to our bedrock culture. Our culture helps us deliver better results, better results for all of our stakeholders, including our customers, our colleagues, our underwriting partners, and of course, our shareholders. Every day, all of our teammates get up and work diligently to maintain our culture, to promote our culture and to live our culture. That truly is the Gallagher way. Okay, I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat. And hello, everyone. As Pat said a terrific quarter to close out in an outstanding year. Today, I'll start with our earnings release and touch on organic margins and our corporate segment shortcut table. Then I'll move to our CFO commentary document where there I'll talk a little bit about how we're now providing our their typical modeling helpers for '22, add some commentary in the Willis Re acquisition and our latest thinking on clean energy. I'll then finish up with my comments on cash liquidity and capital management. Okay, let's flip the page for the earnings release to the brokerage segment, organic table. All in brokerage organic was 10.6% a nice step up from the 9% we posted last. And the six plus percent we posted in the first half of '21 leading to full year organic of 8%. Looking forward as Pat said, we see full year '22 similar to '21 or even better. Now turn to page six for the brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table. Headline all in adjusted margin expansion for fourth quarter was 13 basis points right in line with our December IRD expectation. But recall that expansion has the adverse seasonal impact of closing Willis Re on December 1. Without that, adjusted margins would have expanded 88 basis points also right in line with the forecast we provided in December. For full year adjusted margin expansion was 123 basis points. Excluding Willis Re, it was up 142 basis points. And it's important not to forget, that's on top of 420 basis points of adjusted margin expansion in '20 and 75 basis points in '19. That's absolutely incredible execution before during and as we emerge from the pandemic. Moving on from '21. Looking forward, as the pandemic limitations continue to ease in '22, we will naturally see some costs returning in areas such as travel, entertainment and perhaps some other office consumables. Incremental full year '22 costs from these three areas could be as much as 25 million. But even then, our full year spend on these categories would be below pre-pandemic levels, showing that we're holding safe. Also, we're back to making targeted investments to drive long-term growth. In '22, we're planning for increases in marketing, advertising, consulting, professional fees and certain IT investments. These costs combined with higher insurance premiums say for E&O, D&O and work comp would total around 35 million. So like we said in our December IR Day, we should be able to absorb those costs and hold margins if we post around 7% organic. And if organic is over 7% even show some margin expansion. Then by 2023, we could be back to that pre-pandemic view that margin expansion might occur at a 4% or so organic level. And to be clear, all of these comments are before the impact of the acquisition of Willis Re. On a pro forma basis, those margins can run a bit higher. So math would say would naturally provide some lift to our consolidated brokerage segment margins in '22. A couple of things to keep in mind as you build your quarterly models for our brokerage segment in 2022. First consider seasonality, due to our benefits business, and now our larger reinsurance business, first quarter seasonality, our first quarter is our largest revenue in EBITDAC of the quarter of the year. And second perhaps slightly more nuanced, since we're not seeing price and or exposure increases in benefits and workers comp to the extent we are in other areas of PNC insurance. First quarter organic might be a point or so below your full year pick simply due to the mix. So the math would then suggest their second, third and fourth quarters could post over your full year organic pick. Again, that's just a nuance to help you with your quarterly model. Moving on to the risk management segment and the organic table at the bottom of Page Six, you'll see 13.1% organic in the fourth quarter and full year organic in excess of 12%. What a great rebound from the depths of the pandemic. And as Pat said, it's looking like revenue momentum continues into '22 with full year organic revenue growth in the high single digits, which is really terrific given '22 will naturally have more difficult compares than '21. Moving to the risk management segment EBITDAC table on page seven. Adjusted EBITDAC margin of 18.6% in the quarter and more than 19% for the full year, a fantastic result. And just like our brokerage segment, a nice step up from pre-pandemic levels of 17.5%. Again, that demonstrates our ability to maintain a portion of our pandemic period savings even as we make some further investment in technology investments. Looking forward, as you heard on our December IR Day, we will continue to make investments in analytics and tools to enhance the client experience and drive better claim outcomes. But even with those holding margins close to that 19% is achievable for full year ‘22. All right, let's turn to page eight to the corporate segment table. In total, adjusted results $0.02 better than the midpoint of our December IR Day forecast, mostly as a result of strong clean energy earnings. We did have a couple of notable adjustments this quarter. First Willis Re transaction related costs, as discussed in footnote two were 22 million after tax. And second, as discussed in footnote three and similar to third quarter, we had non-cash, deferred tax adjustments related to international M&A earnouts, which is the most of it as well as some other small tax and legal settlement items together about 19 million after tax. Now let's shift to our CFO commentary document we post on our website starting with page three. As for fourth quarter, you'll see most of the brokerage and risk management items are close to our December IR Day estimates. Also on that page, we are now providing our first look at items related to the brokerage and risk management segment. A couple lines we're highlighting, first FX, the late '21 and early '22 weakening of the U.S. dollar against our major currencies is creating about a $0.04 headwind to EPS next year. Second integration costs. You'll read in footnote one, the integration estimates provided here only reflect expense associated with Willis Re. As Pat mentioned, integration is well underway and we are still comfortable with our ultimate pack of about $250 million of total costs for integration. All right, let's turn to page five of the CFO commentary, the page addressing clean energy. The purpose of this page is to highlight we are transitioning from over a decade of showing GAAP earnings to a six-day period where we harvest cash flows. You'll see in the blue column that we reported '21 GAAP earnings of 97.4 million, a really nice step up, up 39% over '20 and we generated 40 million of net after tax cash flow. So also a nice step up from '20. But the real headline story here is in the pinkish column. Cash flows take a significant step up in '22, looks like we'll be harvesting $125 million to $150 million a year of cash flows and perhaps even more in '23 and beyond. Now there is still a possibility of an extension in the law and we're well positioned to restart production if that happens, but if not, we have over a billion dollars of credit carryovers. If we use say $150 million a year that's a seven year cash flow sweetener. Flipping to page six in the rollover revenue table. The reinsurance acquisition is off to a solid start and we are encouraged with both its December results and early indications from the 1-1 renewal season. So it's looking like our pro forma revenue and EBITDAC of 745 million and 265 million respectively, are holding up nicely. So the reinsurance acquisition is off to a terrific start. All right, as for the cash and capital management future M&A. At December 31, available cash on hand is about 300 million with strong operating cash flows expected in '22. And potentially a nice pumping cash flow from our clean energy investments, we are extremely well positioned to fund future tuck-in M&A using cash and debt. Over the next two years, we could do over $4 billion of M&A without using any stock. You also see that our Board of Directors announced a $0.03 per share increase to our quarterly dividend, that would imply an annual payout of $2.04 per share. That's a 6.3% increase over 2021. Finally, one calendar item, we are planning on our regular mid quarter IR Day from 8 am to 10 am, Central Time on March 16. Again, that will most likely be virtual. During that we will allocate some time to socialize our planned migration to reporting adjusted GAAP EPS results excluding the impact of non-cash intangible asset amortization. We'll discuss the detail of all the adjustments including representing historical results on the new basis. Okay, that's it. From my vantage point, as CFO we are extremely well positioned for another great year here in '22. Before I turn it back over to you, Pat, I'd like to thank the entire Gallagher team for a terrific quarter and fantastic year. Pat?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Operator, let's go to questions and answers please.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions.  Our first question is from Mike Zaremski of Wolfe research.
Charlie Lederer: Hey, guys, this is actually Charlie on for Mike. So organic growth in the back half of the year has been outstanding and has been accelerating. But pricing while positive seems to be decelerating and GDP is decelerating as well. Can you provide some color on what makes you comfortable with guiding us to organic growth at almost two times your historical level?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We think that the rates are going to hold. It's just that simple. market falls out. They won't, market holds the way it is, it will. I'd see all kinds of reasons for it to continue, as laid out in my prepared remarks. But beyond that, you've got a situation where underwriters are not backing off from their need for rate. We're seeing that every single day. We're into the renewals, obviously now deep into the first quarter. And we're not seeing rate relief in any way, shape or form along the lines of what I talked about in my remarks.
Doug Howell: I still think there's a lot of pent-up exposure unit growth that still to come. We think there's inflation sitting there. We think that there's a need for our benefit consulting advice, more and more. We think that wholesaling markets are becoming tough and harder to find placements. We think there are more accelerators when it comes to that then there are maybe a slight, 0.5 point pullback in what the underwriters are asking for in re that far overshadows it.
Charlie Lederer: Got it. That's great color. And then, on M&A. I guess there's -- I know you said the integration is going well. Does the reinsurance transaction have any impact on M&A decisions this year? Or is there any chance you don't spend your entire free cash flow because of it?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Of course, I said we think we have 4 billion to spend over the next couple of years. I think that's almost 2 billion next year and a little over 2 billion in the final year. So we have plenty of free cash to fund acquisition our pipeline. It does get a little slower in the first quarter. There's people that push more to have something done by year end and we have that happen every year. But we're pretty excited about what we're seeing in our pipeline right now.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Greg Peters of Raymond James.
Greg Peters: I know I can't do it Doug, but I'm wondering if you can say pre-pandemic 10 times really fast.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Pre-pandemic, Pre-pandemic.
Doug Howell: Obviously, I don’t know. I couldn’t.
Greg Peters: I'm just teasing. So let's see, I had a question about the M&A. And I was looking in the CFO commentary on page three. And of course, Pat, you always give us a view on term sheets, outstanding, et cetera. So, two-part question. When you give us term sheet numbers, the number of term -- sheets that are out there, and then ultimately, to close, can you talk about how that ratio, the close rate has changed over the last two or three years? And then, secondly, on page three of the supplement Doug, you drop in, you give us the quarterly weighted average multiple of EBITDAC tuck-in. And it's definitely trending up. So I'm just curious about your views there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, great. Let me take the first part of your question. When we get to an actual term sheet, we're usually moving down, especially in our tuck-ins, we're usually moving down a path where we're going to do a deal. And one of the things about our reputation is that we will close. Having said that, over the last two to three years, there's considerably more competition, you can take a $5 million deal today and if it's going to get spreadsheet, there'll be a dozen, really thinking of a dozen bids. So we are really trying hard to make sure that all of our new partners are excited about what the future provides being part of Gallagher, which quite honestly, we think is substantially better and more exciting than our private equity competitors. But that doesn't diminish the fact that they're good competitors and they're smart people. And they're well funded. So I don't have a number for you specifically, I can't say, oh, yeah, we closed 32% of the ones that we finally get to. We don't keep the records that way. I don't do that. But anecdotally, I'll tell you that we should close more than half of the ones that we get to we have a signed term sheet, while I will take it back, we should close 90% of the ones where we have a signed term sheet, 10% will slip out of the net. And where we're preparing term sheets, we should close about half of those.
Doug Howell: In terms of the multiple Greg. Yes, the multiples ticked up a little bit, not as much as what our multiple has. So there's still a terrific arbitrage there. But also, you have to realize the growth rates that drive those multiples have gone up quite a bit, too. So I think there's justification for higher multiples. But we're still buying in that eight to 10 range when it comes to tuck-in acquisition. It's a pretty good run rate versus our trading multiple of 15, 16, 17.
Greg Peters: Got it out. I guess, a follow up question. It's been a rough start to the year for the market. And for the insurance brokerage stocks and your stock too is traded off a little bit. And it feels like at times, some are speculating that the best for their brokerage space is in the rearview mirror. Yet, the rhetoric from you, Marsh and Brown & Brown are directly polar opposite, it seem to map out a pretty optimistic future. So I guess I'm just trying to gauge what your perspective is on the market, considering that the stock market certainly doesn't seem to appreciate what you guys are doing at this moment in time.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Greg, this is Pat. Normally for 20 years, and there's never been a time in that period where I've been as bullish as I am today. I mean, everything, everything is going our way. So let me try not to spend 20 minutes answering your question here. But let's start with the fact that we've never been stronger. Vertical capabilities are absolutely critical. Data and analytics are absolutely critical. When you take a look at the volumes that we now have that we can do the data and analytics around we can tell you what's happening by day with rates and renewals or what have you. 10 years ago, we flew blind totally on that customer asked why do I have even know I've got a good deal with the rate environment going like it is. We can show them what's happening to the rates by line, by geography and why they have a good deal. And that type of question is getting asked right into the middle market. And over 90% of the time when we compete, we compete with a smaller competitor. That's why these people are selling to private equity. That's why these roll ups are working. And I'm telling you it's unbelievable the opportunity we have right now. So I see this is the greatest buying opportunity in the last five years.
Greg Peters: Yes. Just in your answer. And it was part of your comments, you talked about the difficult risk bearing market and driving further rate. And listen, I, you're looking at a global picture, so but I look at reported results, Travelers was out with an 88% combined ratio, Berkeley just came out with an 88% combined ratio tonight. It seems like the risk bearers are -- the results are beginning to improve. And so I guess it lends the question, what are we missing when you say it's difficult risk bearing market?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let's start with inflation. You've done all your actuarial work at a 2% inflation rate. And now it's six. Oh, yeah, that was a blip on the radar, was going to be gone by now. I guess that's not going to happen. Secondly, let's look at last costs. What does it cost to build a house today? Well, we got it done for $200 a square foot a few years ago, certainly isn't that now. And I could go on and on and on. I mean, the level of nuclear, the number of nuclear settlements. The other thing too is, I've been saying this now for years, I think it's more true than ever. Our underwriters or our underwriting partners are very, very smart. And they've got incredible data and analytic skills. They know where they're making money in that 88% everywhere around the world every day and they know where they're not making money. And you walk in and start talking about a deal that you want to broker, it's something that's going to be substantially less than they know, they'll get or deserve. They're just not buying it.
Doug Howell: I think, Greg, there's also some things, x cat, x reserve releases, I think, and then the prospect of just inflation just have a reserve be coming in, let's say just 10% more than what the original estimate was. That's a huge difference on a combined ratio. So I think that the -- I'm not challenging the health of the insurance companies. I think they've got their rates where they think they need them right now. I don't know if there's a case that would say that they're too high. I think the case wouldn't be say more so that they're too low. And I just don't see when the courts open up, you're going to see more unfortunately   losses that are just the current picks, while the best information they have right now are just too low. So I think there's not a case for cutting rates by any means. There's a case for continued increase in rates. And I just -- everything that we look at . There'll be interesting when other books get filed.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is not a hard market is, it was in the middle 80s where everything goes up, you know that work comp was flat, through most of this adjustment work comp is now up. As work comp comes up a little bit professional liability is going through the roof. Cyber is almost unbreakable. So you sit there and you look at this. These carriers are looking line by line, geography by geography and from our perspective, daily placing accounts, we are not seeing them lose discipline.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers. And congratulations on the quarter and the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: So my first question in the earnings release, there's comment that if the pace of economic recovery accelerates beyond your expectations, you could see expenses increase more than the current estimate. I just want to confirm or pick up that a little bit. Expenses may rise in that situation but wouldn't organic revenue also accelerate in that case? Essentially, what I'm trying to get at, margins don't get compressed with that, right?
Doug Howell: But that's not a margin comment. That's just  comment.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And I guess all else equal, if the economy does accelerate beyond your expectations, margins, would margins actually come in better than expected?
J. Patrick Gallagher: What we say that -- listen we think that there's a case that we can do better next year on organic than we have. We did this year if the economy accelerates exposure units grow the pent-up demand for goods and services increase, supply chains, get back to normal. Yes, your implication that question is right.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then in the CFO commentary, page three together, comment there on full year margins and brokerage being approximately 34%.? They were at 34% in '21, right at 33.9. So there should still be some upside to that. Is that just a rounding issue?
Doug Howell: All right, thanks. First of all, said 34 is pretty darn good. I mean, when you look across the brokerage space, we're pretty proud of that margin and I have ever been here 18 plus years, it wasn't that way that that long ago. So you got to be pretty proud of that number compared to the industry. Second of all, yes, 34%. The reason why we don't round it even more is because we don't have a crystal ball. We also have FX adjustments that will come true. Yes, we could change that number slightly as with our international business over the next year. But what we're saying right there, just like we said in the commentary at 7%, we've got a decent chance of holding those margins we really think we do. At 8%, we could see a little bit more, over 8%, maybe a little more than that. So I wouldn't read a rounded 34% with all those factors as being an indicator that we're pegging exactly 33.9 like we have this year, but 34 is greater than 33.9. And then, when you roll in the reinsurance operations, you could get a little bit more left than that. So I would say would not read too terribly much into it.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, good. I'm glad that's confirmed. Finally, any update on Willis Re, the revenues and margin? I think the initial guidance you offered for '22 was still based on the 2020 numbers kind of used as a placeholder.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. We feel really good about the team. We're onboard just over a little bit over a month, almost two months now. And as we said in our prepared remarks, the team's coming together extremely well. With a good strong January 1, and we brought $745 million of revenue and 265 million of EBITDAC, and that's still looking good.
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Motemaden of Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Just a question on the brokerage organic in 2021 that 8%, wondering if you could just walk through the different drivers behind that in terms of exposure pricing, net new business, how much those contributed to that 8%. And how you see those elements shaping up in the 2022 outlook.
Doug Howell: Okay. So first of all, let's break that down. There's the components of new lost opt-in, when customers opt-in for more coverages opt out when customers opt out because they want to control their budget for insurance spends and you got the impact of rate. So the fact is, is that we believe we're -- if you break that 8% down, let's just say that a third of it comes because we're just selling more business and we have before versus what we're losing. I think there's probably a third of that number that's coming from exposure, and a third of its coming from rate. So you've kind of got all three of them there. What's interesting on a multi-year impact is that customers can opt -- come up with -- we can help our customers come up with creative ways to mitigate the rate increases as their exposures grow, which we see is happening more and more over the next couple of years. It's harder to opt out of exposures. If you had 20 trucks and now you got to insure 22 of them. You can't just not insure two trucks. If you have a 20% increase in premiums, maybe you take a higher deductible, or you take less limits on it, and you can kind of opt out of the rate increases. But as we see exposure units fueling that organic growth going forward, top that off with rate increases that mix of -- I think would toggle probably more to exposure, more than net new wins and maybe less impact from rate as we continue to grow. As you push 10% of organic growth, it's going to be exposure unit driven.
David Motemaden: Awesome, that's great color. Thanks for that. And I guess maybe just also Doug, you mentioned the cadence, maybe the first quarter being a little light. I don't want to get too granular here. It's a long year, but it sounded like that was really driven by employee benefits and workers comp and just seasonality there. But when I think about the 7% organic in employee benefits that seems pretty strong, definitely better than it was in December. Are you expecting a deceleration off of that up seven? And that's partially why maybe the first quarter would be a little bit lower than the full year? Or is it more workers comp driven?
Doug Howell: Actually 7, if you pick, I'm just saying you have to make the pick. If you're picking 8%, next year 7, and I said it's about a point lower in the first quarter, that 7% is probably the number that you get to. If you pick 6%, I don't think that it would have that big of an impact on you. So what I said in my comments was about a point lower than the full year average. So that's what I would say it's just cautioning that business. doesn't grow as fast as our PNC right now.
David Motemaden: Okay. That makes sense. And then if I could just sneak one more in, on the 4 billion of dry powder for M&A guys have over the next two years. Without issuing stock, that's a lot. It's a lot for tuck-ins. You mentioned earlier competition is also increasing. I guess I'm wondering if at some point, you would consider allocating some to capital return through share repurchases? Is that something that's come up at all, something that you think you might institute over the next year or two?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Absolutely, that's something if we have excess capital, we'll want to make sure that we maintain our solid investment grade rating, right? Absolutely, look at share repurchases and dividends.
Operator: Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is related to clean energy. So Doug, I think you said that there's a chance that the laws could be extended, I just wanted to get a sense of the timing you thought there. And then, I thought in the past you guys had perhaps implied if you continue to be able to generate credits, you would not go the route of rolling out some kind of x amortization EPS. So are these now independent events. So meaning if you're able to generate more credits on the clean energy investments, you will still roll out some EPS estimate that is cash in nature and backs out intangibles, among other items.
Doug Howell: I don't see us backing off of going towards that metric, regardless of what happens with an extension or not. So an answer to your question, we're going that route. We've done a lot of work on it. We think it's consistent with what other brokers are doing. And so we're pretty comfortable with going that route. What happens with an extension? I think it's going to be in the spring, we think that Congress has woken up to the fact that this technology provides a terrific benefit to our environment. So we hope that they see their way cleared, finding a spot and a bill to include it.
Elyse Greenspan: So if that does happen from a cash from a credit generating perspective and you would perhaps be unchecked, generate credits at a cadence that you were generating them at in 2021, just depending upon when you can get back on track with that?
Doug Howell: You kind of broke up a little bit on that question. Can you just say it again, Elyse, sorry?
Elyse Greenspan: I was saying if you are able to regenerate credits from your clean energy investments this year, would you expect it to be at the same cadence that we saw in 2021?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think so. I listen, we posted $97 million of after tax earnings on it. The pick would be 80 million more not 40, not 50. But there will be some plants that won't start up. They were planned to be decommissioned, made a whole location as being decommissioned. So I wouldn't see it as being as high as it was in. We had a terrific year, one of our best years ever and I just don't see that happening again, if it restarts. And clearly you'd have from the restart date to but if we don't get a -- if it's retroactive, these have been idled. They're sitting there. It's not like we can go back and produce credits in January, February and March but doesn't get passed until April.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, with Willis Re in the M&A sheet, I saw that you guys put it in with the Q4 bucket. So I'm assuming based on the commentary is the embedded revenue from Willis Re just at that 745. And then if there's growth off of that, that would be additive to the M&A build. And then I'm assuming on a go forward basis, you'll just give us the revenue from Willis Re just on your quarterly calls like you did today?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think let's make sure I can restate and go to page six of the CFO commentary we provided a grid that shows the fourth quarter acquisition activity. I would I understand your question there, how much of that line adds up and then subtract up to 745. And the 745 is in that line, including what other acquisitions we did during the fourth quarter for the vast majority of it. I'd have to do that add up while we're on the phone here.
Elyse Greenspan: No, that's fine. That's helpful. And then one last one on margin.
Doug Howell: Let me restate that. We have a separate line for the reinsurance acquisition. I just didn't have my glasses on here. So we have other fourth quarter acquisitions in the line above it. So take a look at that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, sorry. Thank you. And then the margin guide that you could see some expansion above 7%. I guess that was unchanged from December, right? So, we should expect if you're going to get to around 8% or so organic this coming year in brokerage, we should expect a modest level of margin expansion, correct, let me take all of your expense commentary throughout the call into account?
Doug Howell: Yes, that would be what you would assume.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Peters of Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Great, thanks for allowing me to ask a follow up. I wanted to spend a minute and ask about your supplement and contingent line in the brokerage business. If the profitability of the carriers starts to improve, when we expect supplements and contingents to also grow maybe a little bit faster than just the base organic that you're expecting, or maybe more broadly, just one of the drivers of growth in supplements are contingents outside of acquisitions?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The answer to your question is yes. And the driver is very simple, profitability on contingents, and revenue growth, premium growth on supplementals. And both of those should be impacted nicely by inflation, growing premiums and profitability.
Doug Howell: And then, also they added value that we bring through our smart market through our advantage products, where we really can help match our customers need to the carrier's appetite for risk. We're getting continued momentum on that, Greg, you've been around a lot. And so it's -- we're continuing to add value in the relationship with our carriers. And they recognize it. So your statement, there is right. It should continue to grow as business becomes more positive, should all benefit from that.
Greg Peters: I remember and this is dating me, but I remember when you started smart market. So I guess you since you brought it up, can you give us an update of how that business looks today versus where it was a year ago or two years ago? Whether it's in terms of number of clients, the amount of premium that it's accounting for or whatever metrics you're using?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, yeah, I can do that, Greg. The proof has been in the pudding with smart market. You were there when we started it. And to be perfectly blunt, there was some skepticism for all kinds of reasons around whether or not data and analytics being sold to insurance companies was really worth it. Okay, that question has been answered. It's very well accepted. It's now being utilized in RPS been utilized across our Gallagher global brokerage operation, including locations outside the United States, Canada, and U.K., et cetera. So it's getting very broad recepients across more than probably 15 to 20 carriers today.
Doug Howell: Yes. Think about when we think back to our IR days that we talked about. Here we speak not mostly about our -- initially about our U.S. business and the things that we've done in our U.S. business and in terms of carrier relations in terms of our core 360 platform, our use of offshore centers of excellence. And then, how we're bringing that to Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. retail, now into some of the other retail locations as we take minority positions perhaps in Europe. This is an example of how a seed planted and developed here in the U.S. can be spread around the world and vice versa. There are techniques around the world that we bring back to the U.S. So, Greg, you're right at the  , yes, this is something we're proving out and rolling out around the world. And that's why when we talk about retail around the world, it all looks the same with different nuances by country.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And it's been very, very good for our people to tie closer to the insurance companies and we're generating about $25 million of income from that. So it's been a win-win for everybody.
Greg Peters: Great, thank you. Thanks for the color there. I guess the last question I would have, Doug, I've used your quote before about in reference to margins. I think you previously had said on a conference call, well, trees don't grow to the moon. So you guys have a 34% in on rounding up, EBITDAC margin in your brokerage business. When do we begin to top out? I mean, everyone's reporting margin expansion, at some point, you're going to -- you would think that there might be some downward pressure on fees or commissions or something that might cause some downward pressure on margins?
Doug Howell: Well, I think there's a difference between non-discretionary margin expansion and discretionary margin contraction. I think that scale has its advantages, there are limits to scale and all the product of organic, I think, just  would be very happy if we can somehow post 9% organic growth for the rest of our lives and have just incremental margins. And that's a pretty good story.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Right. It's just it's not about talking margin strategy, acquisition strategy. You are right. They don't grow to the moon and more importantly, what does the client demands from us that require us to continue to make investments. It's not there and 100% yet, but clients are becoming more demanding. And in order for us to compete in post that stellar organic growth, we need to make investments in the business. So I don't have an answer for you. But when we do, we will announce.
Greg Peters: Well, I like the idea of putting 9% organic and margin expansion in my model for the next five years, so go get them Tiger.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Hughes of Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. Quick question in the risk management business, what's your latest view on kind of broader outsourcing trends among the major PNC players, the potential shifts to using third parties like your risk management operation to do that in a more comprehensive way, just a quick update would be interesting. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, thanks for the question, Mark. This is Pat. I think you're going to see a continued move in that direction. It's been going on now for almost a decade. I don't think it's any secret that we've been at the forefront of that. Starting literally before the Chubb ACE combination, we were doing work on behalf of Chubb and their risk management portfolio. Prior to that, in fact, we were doing all the outsourced service for Arch as they began their program of growth in the United States. And right now, the outsourced work that we do for insurance companies is a very big part of Gallagher Bassets revenues. And I would say it's probably our largest opportunity, looking at the future over the next five to 10 years. There are some very substantial companies, I can’t name them, you understand that. That are seriously looking at this. And quite honestly, it makes a heck of a lot of sense. We've got trading partners that when I mentioned to them that Gallagher Bassett pays more claims than you do. And again, I can't mention names. They go, no, you don't. I actually we do. And I'll bet you we invest twice as much in data and analytics. And then, in our Willis systems than you do, no you don’t. Well, we will actually stand toe to toe with you and show you that. But that ends up driving is the ability we believe to prove that our outcomes are superior. And those superior outcomes come from all kinds of advantages. Both of scale but also have expertise. And once you start talking to management at these insurance companies about the fact that you've got pent-up return on investment, you've got ROE opportunities and we can do that. I honestly believe that there will come a day when people ask why did insurance companies pay their own claims?
Operator: Our final question comes from Derek Han of KBW.
Derek Han: Your comp ratio is quite good in the quarter, which kind of been a threat from some of the actions you've taken in 2020. But I was hoping that you could kind of talk about how wage inflation is impacting that number. And just curious if you know, the impact is more pronounced among producers that you're trying to hire versus the support staff?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, one of the things I'm very proud of Derek is, we are one of the -- we're probably the only significant broker that still is very comfortable paying our producers on a formula that pays them a percentage of their book. And that's very competitive with the local brokerage community. So think about it this way. Where do you want to sell from what platform, a platform that gives you the kind of data and analytics that we've got that has the relationships that we've got, that has the global reach that we've got? Or what would you like to do it from the Jones agency in Alsip, Illinois, hope there isn't one there. But the fact is, we're happy to have you come aboard and pay you a percentage. So really, a big part of our benefits and comp expense for producers is self-generated and self-regulated.
Doug Howell: And our middle office layer and our back office layer, as you know, we've made substantial investments in standardizing our process and using our offshore centers of excellence. As a result of that, 17 years ago, we made a decision that we could raise our quality and reduce our costs. And it's actually helping us a little bit of an inflation hedge. I'll tell you, we've been taking care of our employees. We gave a sizable raise pool this year. We gave raises even in the depths of the pandemic. Bonuses, we've been fair, these people have earned them, they've earned their raises. The raises are not as a result of -- because of we feel like we've got to hold our people, our culture holds our people. The raise is what recognize their contribution to what we've been doing. So Deming said the best is you can't have low cost without high quality. And we've worked for years on raising our quality and it's reducing our costs. It's also making our folks more effective. We have 20,000 people that do service plus another 6000 in India that get up every day and want to do a great job for our clients. So we pay them well. Our retention is as good today as it was pre-pandemic. So I think that our workforce is well-positioned for right now. So we're proud of our workforce and we've recognized our workforce and I think they deserve to be recognized on that. And despite that our volumes are helping us, and our scales helping us, our technologies are helping us, control press the numbers but those people that are here get paid very well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, also you've heard now everywhere agile work, agile work, work from home. We've been agile and how we work with our workforce for the last 25 years. So pre-pandemic probably 50% of Gallagher Bassett's entire field force was at home. So, this is not new territory for us. We listen to the employees. We want people to stick around. As Doug said, our retention rates and our turnaround rates are no different than they were pre-pandemic. So the great recognition hasn’t hit Gallagher yet.
Derek Han: Okay. That’s really, really helpful. Thank you. And just going back to your expectations on the brokerage organic growth of 8% plus. Are you embedding any kind of slowdown from potential rate hikes or maybe kind of beating supply chain constraints or maybe labor constraints? I know you sounded very confident about achieving that. But kind of wanted to get a sense of what could real the percent plus organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I’m sorry, I’m too much of an optimist. But I look at the stimulus bill is coming out of Washington DC. The kind of money that’s going to flow into infrastructure. Every contractor and our book of business is going to be loaded up with work. Every single personal lines account all the way through small commercial, it’s a large commercial has got significant increases that they need in their -- in the cost of their property portfolio. Payrolls are up as you mentioned earlier Derek from just the whole employment situation and all of that. There is not an industry that I can think of that benefits more than the insurance brokerage business from a nice little touch of inflation. Hold all tickets.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, thanks everybody. I appreciate you being here today. Thanks for joining us. As you all know we delivered an excellent fourth quarter and full year 2021. I would like to thank our colleagues around the globe for such an outstanding year. Our results were direct reflection of their efforts. We look forward to speak with you again in our March Investor Meeting. And have a good evening. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a great evening.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.’s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more detail on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had a fantastic third quarter. For our combined brokerage and risk management segments we posted 17% growth in revenue, 10% organic growth and nearly 11% organic, if you control for last year's large life sale that we've discussed frequently. Net earnings growth of 22%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 13% and we completed five new mergers in the quarter bringing our year-to-date closed merger counts in 19 representing nearly $200 million of annualized revenue. And if you add in the pending Willis Reinsurance merger, that number would be pushing $1 billion. So the team continues to execute at a very high level, growing organically, growing through acquisitions, improving our productivity, raising our quality, and most importantly, constantly building upon our unique Gallagher culture, a terrific quarter on all measures. Let me provide a brief update on our agreement to purchase Willis Re. On the regulatory approval front, we received competition clearance in five or six jurisdictions required to close, including clearance by the U.S. Department of Justice. The final jurisdiction in the UK, where the CMA is reviewing the transaction, that's the final jurisdiction. That review is ongoing, but we believe we are in good shape. Although, there's still work to be done at this point, we believe we're on track for a fourth quarter closing. On the integration front, hundreds of Gallagher and Willis Re professionals are hard at work ensuring we will be well positioned to service our clients when we close. Our 40 year acquisition history allows us to leverage our proven M&A integration path. Integration is in our DNA. We're looking forward to welcoming 2,200 new colleagues to Gallagher as a family of professionals this holiday season. It's really exciting to think about all the talent and expertise that will be joining us. It's going to be incredible for our combined organization and our clients. Okay, back to our quarterly results, starting with the brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was excellent at 16%, of that 9% was organic revenue growth, at the upper end of our September IR Day expectation and nearly 10% controlling for last year's large life product sale. Net earnings growth was 23% and we grew our adjusted EBITDA at 13%. Doug will provide some comments on third quarter margin and our fourth quarter outlook, but needless to say another excellent quarter from the brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and break down our organic by geography, starting with our PC operations. First, our domestic retail operations were very strong with more than 10% organic, results were driven by good new business combined with higher exposures and continued rate increases. Risk placement services, our domestic wholesale operations grew 16%. This includes more than 30% organic in open brokerage and 5% organic in our MGA programs in binding businesses. New business and retention were both up a point or so relative to 2020 levels. Outside the U.S., our UK operations posted more than 9% organic. Specialty was 12% and retail was a solid 6%, both supported by excellent new business production. Australia and New Zealand combined grew more than 6%, also benefiting from good new business. And finally, Canada was up nearly 10% on the back of double-digit new business and stable retention. Moving to our employee benefit, brokerage and consulting business. Third quarter organic was up about 5% in line with our September IR Day commentary, controlling for last year's large life insurance product sale, organic would have been up high single-digits and represents a really nice step up from the 4% organic we reported for the second quarter and the 2% organic for the first. So we were experiencing positive revenue momentum and really encouraging sign for the remainder of the year and 2022. So total brokerage segment, organic solidly in that 9% to 10% range, simply an excellent quarter. Next, I'd like to make a few comments on the PC market. Global PC rates remain firm overall, and pricing is positive at nearly all product lines. Overall, third quarter renewal premium increases were about 8% and similar to increases during the first half of this year. Moving around the world, U.S. retail premiums up about 8%, including nearly 10% increases in casualty and professional liability. Even workers' comp was up around 5%. In Canada, premiums up about 9% driven by double-digit increases in professional liability and casualty, Australia and New Zealand combined up 3% to 4%. And UK retail was up about 7% with double-digit increases in professional liability while commercial auto is closer to flat. Finally, within RPS, wholesale open brokerage premiums were up more than 10% and binding operations were up 5%. Additionally, improved economic activity, even despite the Delta variant and supply chain disruptions are leading to positive policy endorsements and other favorable midterm policy adjustments as our customers add coverages and exposures to their existing policies. So premiums are still increasing almost everywhere. As we look ahead over the coming quarters, I see the PC market remaining difficult with rate increases persisting for quite a while. In the near-term, we don't see any meaningful changes in carrier underwriting, appetite capacity, attachment points or terms and conditions. Long-term markets do not appear to be seeing a slow down in rising loss costs. Global third quarter, natural catastrophe losses likely in excess of $40 billion increased cyber incidences, social inflation, replacement cost inflation and supply chain disruptions. And all of this is before factoring in further increases in claim frequency as global economies recover and become even more robust. All of these factors combined with low investment returns suggested carriers will continue to push for rate. I just don't see a dramatic change for the foreseeable future. So it's still a very difficult and even hard in many spots, global PC environment. But remember, our job as brokers is to help our clients find the best coverage while mitigating price increases through our creativity, expertise and market relationships. As we think about the environment for our employee benefits, let’s improve business activity, lower unemployment, and increased demand for our consulting services is driving more revenue opportunities. And our customers and prospects continue to rapidly shift away from expense control strategies to plans and tactics that will help them grow their business. And with rebounding covered lives in one of the most challenging labor markets in memory, our consulting businesses are extremely well-positioned to deliver creative solutions to our clients. So as I sit here today, I think fourth quarter brokerage segment organic will be similar to the third quarter and that could take full year 2021 organic towards 8%. That would be a really nice improvement from the 3.2% organic we reported in 2020. To put that in perspective, 8% would be our best full year brokerage segment organic growth in nearly two decades. And we think 2022 organic will end up in a very similar range. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. I mentioned earlier, we completed five brokerage mergers during the quarter representing about $16 million of estimated annualized revenues. I’d like to thank all our new partners for joining us. And I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our tuck-in M&A pipeline, we have more than 50 term sheets signed are being prepared, representing around $400 million of annualized revenues. So even without the re-insurance merger, it’s looking like we will finish 2021 strong wrapping up another successful year for our merger strategy. Next, I would like to move to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Third quarter organic growth was 16.6% even better than our September IR Day expectation. Margins were strong too. Adjusted EBITDAC margin once again came in above 19%. Results continue to benefit from late 2020 and early 2021 new business wins. In addition to further improvement in new arising claims within general liability and core workers’ compensation just an exceptional quarter from the team. Looking forward, while our fourth quarter comparison is somewhat more challenging, the recovering global economy, improving employment situation and excellent new business production should result in fourth quarter organic over 10%. That puts us on track for double-digit full year organic and an EBITDAC margin nicely above 19%. As I look back over the last nine months, I can’t help, but to be thoroughly impressed with our team and our accomplishments. Our commitment to our clients, and to each other’s evident in our successes and that is due to our unique Gallagher culture. In these challenging times, our clients are continuing to count on us. And I’m proud of our teams unwavering client focus. Gallagher’s unique culture is founded on the values in the Gallagher way. Those values have kept us on a steady course throughout the pandemic. And time and time again during these past months, our clients have shared their trust and appreciation for the value Gallagher brings to the table. It comes down to talented individuals tapping into the power of our expertise across the globe, working together during this ongoing pandemic to continue to deliver for our clients. That’s the Gallagher way, and it’s the backbone of who we are as an organization. Okay. I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello everyone. As Pat said, a fantastic third quarter. Today, I’ll touch on a few items in the earnings release, predominantly organic and margins, then I’ll walk you through our CFO commentary document and finish up with my typical comments on cash, liquidity and capital management. Okay. Let’s move to Page 4 of the earnings release and the Brokerage segment organic table. Headline all-in organic of 9%, outstanding on its own, but as Pat said, really running closer to 10% due to last year live sales, either way, a nice step up from the 6% we posted in the first quarter and the 6.8% in the second. As we sit now, I’m seeing a fourth quarter organic again pushing that double-digit level. Turning now Page 6 to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table. Okay. Underlying margin after controlling for the live sale was around 160 basis points. Let me take you through the map to get you to that. First, headline margins were down 48 basis points, right about where we forecasted at our September IR Day. So controlling for the large live sale would bring us back to flat. Second, in September, we forecasted about $25 million of expenses returning into our structure as we emerged from the pandemic and a small amount of performance comp time. We call expenses returning mostly relate to higher utilization of our self-insured medical plans, resumption of advertising costs, more use of consultants, merit increases, and a small pickup and T&E expenses We came in right on that forecast. So controlling for these expenses also brings you to that underlying margin expansion of about 160 basis points that feels about right on organic in that 9% to 10% range. Looking forward, we think about $30 million of our pre-pandemic period expense savings return in the fourth quarter. And if you assume say 9% organic math would say, we should show 90 to 100 basis points of expansion here in the fourth quarter. So in the end, the headline story is that we have a really decent chance at growing our full year 2021 margins by nearly 150 basis points. And that’s even growing over the live sale and the return of costs would come out of the pandemic. Add that to expanding margins over 400 basis points last year means we’d be growing margins more than 550 basis points over two years. That really demonstrates the embedded improvements in how we do business. No matter how you look at it, it’s simply outstanding work by the team. Moving to the Risk Management segment EBITDAC table on Page 7. Adjusted EBITDAC margin of 19.5% in the quarter is an excellent result. Year-to-date, our margins are at 19.2%, which underscores our ability to maintain a large portion of our pandemic period savings. Looking forward, we think we can hold margins above 19% in the fourth quarter and for the full year. That would result in about a 100 basis points of margin expansion relative to 2020, another fantastic margin story. Now I shift to our CFO commentary document we posted on our IR website. Starting on Page 4, you’ll see most of the third quarter items are close to our September IR Day estimates. One small exception is Brokerage segment amortization expense about $3 million below our September IR Day estimate. It’s simply because we finalized our valuation work on a recent 21 acquisition would causes a small catch-up estimate change. We adjusted that out on Page 1 of the earnings release. So it doesn’t benefit adjusted EPS. Flipping to Page 5 and the Corporate segment table. There in actual third quarter results in the blue section to our September IR estimates in gray. Interest in banking line on a reported and adjusted basis were both in line. The non-GAAP adjustment here is that $12 million charge related to the early extinguishment of debt that we issued in May related to the terminated Aon and Willis remedy package. Acquisition cost line, mostly related to the Willis retransaction came in a bit higher than our IR Day estimate on a reported basis, but in line on an adjusted non-GAAP basis. We will see some additional transaction related costs here in the fourth quarter should have a sense of what those costs might be at our December IR Day. Again, we plan on presenting these costs of the non-GAAP adjustment as well. On the corporate cost line, in line on an adjusted basis after controlling for $5 million of a one-time permanent tax item. That’s a non-cash and it’s simply a small valuation allowance related to a couple of international M&A transactions. And finally, clean energy. What a terrific quarter, came in much better than our estimate. Thanks for a warm September, less wind in certain areas of the country and higher natural gas prices. We are increasing our full year net earnings range to $87 million to $95 million on the back of the third quarter upside. Okay. As for cash and capital management and M&A. As you heard Pat say, we have a strong pipeline of tuck-in merger opportunities, and that’s on top of the Willis reacquisition that we hope to close here in the fourth quarter. At September 30, cash on hand was about $2.7 billion and we have no outstanding borrowers on our credit facility. We plan to use that cash, cash flow generated during the fourth quarter and our line of credit to fund our – the acquisition of Willis Ray. Before I turn it back over to Pat, our year-to-date performance deserves I mention. Our brokerage and risk management segments combined have produced 15% growth in revenue, nearly 8% organic growth. We completed 19 new mergers this year with nearly $200 million of estimated annualized revenue, net earnings margin expanded 81 basis points, adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 153 basis points and our clean energy investments are on track to being up 30 this year. Setting us up nicely for substantial additional cash flows for the coming five to seven years. A terrific quarter in nine months on all measures, positions us for another great year. Okay. Those are my comments, back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. And Hillary, we can go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mike Zaremski of Wolfe Research. Please state your question.
Mike Zaremski: Great. Good evening. Hey, how are you?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Terrific.
Mike Zaremski: Maybe – great. Yes. Imagining great results. So maybe quickly on the Willis or maybe I should call it AJ Gallagher soon. There’s a gap between kind of the estimated earnings you guys have disclosed and Willis disclosed, and there’s also this kind of shared services stranded costs issue. And just kind of curious is, is that any color you can provide on whether your guide is baking in some, I guess, sharing of expenses that will eventually change over time and I guess, improve the earnings levels of the operation for you all.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good question. Here’s the thing. We believe we bought about $265 million worth of EBITDA, right? And I think if you kind of do some math on this morning’s report, it looks like in the nine months reporting around $321 million – excuse me, $315 million worth of EBITDA. So their numbers are a little higher than ours. I can guess on why there’s some differences. Their cost might not be fully loaded for costs that would – it would take us to run the business or they would be running the business on a standalone basis. But it was good to see the fact that their number was higher than ours.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Yes. That’s what I’m living too. So – but in terms of the shared services, is your current guidance baking in an expense that will over time fall?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I think that what they can service it for and well under the TSA and what we can ultimately service it for gets us back to that $265 million.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. I guess moving gears to the pricing environment from your color and the prepared remarks. Did I hear correct saying that worker’s comp was plus five? And I guess, just generally it feels like there’s kind of been less deceleration, I think, than some expected in terms of pricing. That seems like it’s – I’m curious, if you think it’s emanating just from the property side or it’s coming back on the casualty side as well, because maybe there’s a more uncertainty about a loss inflation or maybe worker’s comp claims are coming back. I know it’s a long-winded question. But any color on kind of what’s moving the pricing environment. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes. Interestingly enough, with all the cat losses properties slightly down in rate, casually continues to spike a properties down quarter-over-quarter, just about a point and a half or so in rate and our book now. I’m speaking about our book of business. Casually, is up a little over a point and worker’s compensation is up about five. So these things moderate quarter-to-quarter that this is not a prediction of any sort for next year, but when we get ready for this call, we look at that and say, okay, what’s actually happening in the market. By the way, our statistics are airtight, by-product, by geography, by billing as of yesterday. So I’m very confident in these numbers. Overall rate is continuing to be up about 8%.
Doug Howell: Yes. Just to add to that, if you look back at third quarter 2020, we had our whole portfolio of rate up 7.1%, and this third quarter 2021, it’s up 7.9%. Now there’s a little exposure unit adjustment in there on that. When you look at casually third quarter last year was 5.7%. It’s up 8.4%. Liability was up 10.6% last year, it was up 10 points this year. Commercial auto granted I would – there’s exposure units, and this was flat it’s up 4% this quarter. Package, third quarter is 5.7% up 8.9% this quarter. Property up 11.2%, this quarter up 8%. Marine was 3% and it’s up 6%. So when you look across all in were higher this year third quarter than we were last year third quarter by almost a full point.
Mike Zaremski: Interesting. Thank you for the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike.
Doug Howell: And those are global numbers.
Operator: Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question is following up on a topic that we discussed in your recent Investor Day, Doug. So we’re discussing the potential for tax changes related to clean energy, and it sounded like there was still maybe a chance, but you guys were thinking the laws would sunset at the end of this year. Has anything changed there? And is it still the plan based on the discussion from September to rollout some type of cash earnings metrics? Is it sounded like in conjunction with first quarter of 2022 earnings?
Doug Howell: Yes. We’re still on track with a project that’s going to convert it. I don’t know if I’d necessarily call it cash. Let’s be careful about that. But we’re taking a look at how other publicly held brokers and professional services report their non-GAAP EPS and what I call a modified cash approach. And there are a number of different approaches out there whether it’s adjusting for amortization depreciation, but then there’s the subtleties of pension, stock-based compensation. So we’re working through that, nothing to report today, but the projects ongoing, I hope to give you a better update at our December IR Day.
Elyse Greenspan: But if you were to roll it out, the plan would be sometime in March early April next year.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think so. I think we’ll finish this year on this basis and then go to that basis next spring, the first quarter. We clearly have an IR Day, we’d go back and represent everything historically on that basis. Let you be well-prepared so that let’s say we did it first quarter that you wouldn’t – that you can adjust all your models before we release.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of the organic outlook for next year for brokerage, it sounds like you’re expecting around 8% growth, which is what you expect this year to come in. Within I mean, I know we’re still a little ways away and it’s hard to have precision. But within that guide benefits was a little weak to start the year. So I guess that should be a tailwind or there just – would you expect that to be a tailwind and maybe brokerage slowed a little bit. But can you just help me understand kind of how you’re seeing the moving parts within your businesses for 2022 as it sits today?
Doug Howell: Well, I think we’ll have two things. I think that they’re slightly tougher compares when you get into 2022 because we did have this – we’re having some good results here in 2021. But I think we do have some businesses that are recovering our programs, our binding businesses, our new business startups are recovering better than the wholesale business. I think you’re starting to see covered lives increase, more consulting work coming back into the structure. Rate increases, we’re not seeing that slowing down at all. So I think there’s enough there on those other – in those other places that would offset the tougher compares next year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Please state your question.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you very much for taking my question. So, given a 4Q 2021 close is Willis Re and the Gallagher Re organizations going to be unfortunately competing against each other on January 1. What’s sort of the way you’re managing that given such a close proximity to one, one renewals?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, what’s really nice about this acquisition is there is very little, if almost no overlap. We are not competing head to head really on much at all Capsicum, which was a startup, very successful became of course, Gallagher Re. This is very complimentary business. There might be a few little areas here or there where they each touch, but there are no major renewals across the treaty book that are in conflict. And so what you’ve got is the Gallagher Re people who you could imagine if you were just reading about this numbers to numbers, could be worried about a much larger competitor being acquired, being able to come in with their name, of course, and our brand and how are we going to sort that out? And what does that mean to the clients that they’ve been calling on? Virtually none of that exists. So what you’ve got is a team of people from the Willis Re side that are very excited. The people from Gallagher Re existing are very excited. They hit the ground running in January with a new, improved, much expanded Gallagher Re, and that’s a branding exercise. It is outstanding for all parties and it brings tremendous additional capabilities because as a startup, as you can imagine, over three, four or five years, Capsicum Re has had to develop all the individual capabilities, one at a time, pay for it as they go, still driving decent margins and top line growth. Willis’ is over a hundred years old. They built this stuff they’ve just got terrific depth. And so it’s going to be a very strong combination with almost no conflict whatsoever.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. And when you talk about $400 million of annualized revenue on 50 term sheets, I sort of look at these lists of the biggest brokers and $20 million per acquisition, obviously they’re going to come in different sizes, but there’s obviously some larger ones out there numbers, $11 million through, let’s say $50 million on any list you look at. In terms of cultural fit, do the – have you for the most part found cultural fit in the smaller tuck-ins that have that same entrepreneurial spirit? And are the larger brokers they have their own culture at this point that may not be as good of a fit for Gallagher going forward.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t know if I’d say Josh it’s a matter of size, but here let’s put this in perspective. There’s according to Bobby Reagan’s organization there’s 39,000 agents and brokers in America and that’s firms, not people. Now, number 100 on business insurances lists did $26 million last year. So when you look at what’s available to be purchased, you’ve got 100 that take you to $26 million. You’ve got 38,900, less than that. And our people are out every day talking to our competitors and this is done right at the Street level. Not all of them are brought to the table by brokers that are representing them. And you have large ones that come up from time to time. And when we get a chance at the SIM and we get a chance to get to know them, our number one due diligence efforts still remains culture. You don’t get to wash away culture by size and dollar amount. And no, I wouldn’t say some bigger ones don’t fit because they’re bigger. There are some larger acquisitions we’ve done in the past years that we were thrilled with the fit and they’ve been thrilled with the fit. Now by item count, as you know, most of our acquisitions fall at the $10 million or less level, and yes, they fit extremely well into our entrepreneurial culture.
Doug Howell: Yes. Josh, just to clarify, we’ve got 50 outstanding term sheets on 400, which makes the average broker size about $8 million there.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Your math is better than mine. It’s been a long couple of days.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I get that.
Doug Howell: I get it.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for correcting me.
Doug Howell: Sure. But there are some nice ones in here in that $20 million range too.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And you’re right. The top 100 have probably sold more of those in the last two years than probably five years before that combined. And that’s a matter of all kinds of things, appetite, age, multiples, tax law, et cetera. And when we look at those, and if they fit culturally, we try hard to get them to join the team.
Josh Shanker: Wonderful. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Hughes of Truist. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Worker’s comp you sounds like it doing better, any way to characterize, is this a change in appetite on the part of certain carriers? Is it just a higher payrolls what’s driving that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think all of the above. I think you’ve got, well, first of all, you have the economy recovering. So, we see that in our Gallagher Bassett numbers. You can see the economy in claim count growth. You do have social inflation, and you have you just got more work being done. And I think that makes a difference, but we’re talking right here, and that’s really driven by loss ratios and what they see. And the thing about worker’s comp, I have to give our carrier partners credit. They know what’s going on in that line every day, and when they see a need to move, right? And that’s why during the hard market, many, many quarters we report flat work comp, because they didn’t need the rate. So this is really interesting to me because they’re not waiting around to find out that they’re 25 points behind the eight ball, and then trying to get it back at one swoop. So, I think it’s a good sign, both of their being on top of their numbers, incredibly well, a recovering economy and need for more and more premium in the line.
Mark Hughes: Doug, I’m not sure if I’m being dense here, but I’m looking at your P&L on the press release, I guess in Page 6, the change in estimated acquisition or non payable to $34 million. And then in the CFO commentary, the recurring is I think described as $8 million pre-tax, what is the distinction between those two numbers? What’s a good number going forward, do you think?
Doug Howell: Okay. So you’ve got the natural accretion of the earn-out liability. So, if we buy somebody and they’ve got – we’ve got $50 million on an earn-out. We discount that back around at about 8% per year. So, you’ve got the accretion of what’s going to be paid out. And then you’ve got to change and what do you think the ultimate is? So again, think that total payout could be $50 million, let’s say we put up $30 million worth of liability expecting kind of that they’re going to perform at the 60% range. Yes, 8% accretion on $30 million, but if one day they really over-performing. We’ve got to pump that up to a $40 million expectation. That that’s the difference that goes to the change in an earn-out piece, as well as an accretion piece. So there were the two different pieces. What you’re seeing those quarters. We did have some acquisitions that have are looking like they’re going to better perform. And it’s that that odd accounting that says that when we think that our acquisitions are going to perform better, we have to take a charge for that as we increase that liability. So…
Mark Hughes: And is that adjust that out?
Doug Howell: Yes. We do adjust that out.
Mark Hughes: Okay. So the reported EPS is correct for that. Does it correct to like the $9 million, $8 million or $9 million? Or does it go to take it to a…
Doug Howell: Well, the EPS is only adjusted for the change and the acquisition earn-out payable. It’s not a adjusted out, for EPS, it’s not adjusted out for amortization.
Mark Hughes: Yes, exactly. Okay.
Doug Howell: The normal accretion of liability say then, it’s the change in the ultimate payment.
Mark Hughes: Yes, I think I’d probably appreciate it.
Doug Howell: All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from David Montemaden of Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
David Montemaden: Hi, good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, David.
David Montemaden: Hi. I had a bigger picture question just on the growth profile of the business. I guess it would be in 2023, when Willis Re is incorporated in the organic growth. If I look back over the last 10 years it looks like brokerage organic has been around for call it 4% or 5%. I guess, how are you thinking about Willis Re or should we think about it as just, increasing the base? So, we have like more of a higher base and we’ll grow at a similar pace as we did in the previous 10 years or do you see this enhancing the company’s growth profile going forward once that’s fully reflected in organic?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I’ll let Doug anchor you in reality. And let me give you fantasy. I think the fact is that this is a leg on the stool that we haven’t had. And I think everybody on this call knows that I’ve tried for years to be a big player in this business, failed miserably once got together with a great team and had a terrific start up a second time. I had a really exciting spring thinking that we were going to land this group of people into the company, through the acquisition of Willis by Aon had that rug pulled out from under me – in late May into June. And somehow was lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time to get this back on track for a close this year. So it’s been a bit of a seesaw for me. And part of the reason I’m excited about it is that it adds so much to the company. It adds, frankly, interestingly enough, to our ability to produce middle market retail property casually business on a global basis. Now, how is that possible? Well, number one data, number two, that data and analytics, but it also gives us a clear insight into what is troubling and exciting to the carrier world. What’s going on in their capital plans. What are they seeing in accumulations? Where are we helping them? And how does that translate to what’s going on the middle market take instruction. So that’s just a whole another opportunity for me to get out in front of our team and say, look, our hit ratio today is improving, but it’s still not that different than when I joined the business. Now, how can that be? We know that 90% plus of the time when we compete in the marketplace, we’re competing with somebody smaller, typically the local agent or broker that we’re buying. And frankly, we should be crushing that. So, I would hope that that would lead to even more organic growth, even into retail level. And then you go into looking at re-insurance, this is a – this isn’t true, but there’s three main players. We’re going to be one of those. And yes, there are other players. And we were proud at [indiscernible] Gallagher to become the fifth largest at a $100 million in revenue. That’s a great accomplishment, but a $1 billion player, that new capital coming into that market, that those carriers that are looking to do new things, treaties that need to be reworked and tweaked three competitors, I think we’re going to do really well.
Doug Howell: Yes. I’ll put, I don’t think there’s any fantasy in that that at all, I think that it will all perform our regular organic growth. So, I think how much more of that will be determined. But it’s at the knob of capital creation. If you look at the Genesis of Gallagher way back when to really pioneer the alternative market, which is really capital creation, we take that with our cap as we take it with our, that the wholesaling where we're creating capital with other capital markets there to come up with programs. And, I think that it's going to give us an opportunity to create more capital combine that with the knowledge that we have with respect to certain long tail liability, like workers comp and general liability, I think that we can bring some pretty exciting capital formation together with Gallagher asset to help our self-insured clients. So, and then if you just get down into our retail business globally, I think a close partnership with the Willis and Gallagher Re, reinsurers will come up with much, with considerably more creative ideas. I believe in our culture where creative ideas get pursued. I think that will help us grow better together. So I don't think there's any fantasy in what Pat was saying.
David Montemaden: Got it. Thanks so much for that answer. That's really helpful. I guess just also sticking on Willis Re, or I guess now Gallagher Re but wondering if you can just comment on the, just the third quarter performance and how that has compared to your expectations. I'm particularly interested in just attrition levels and Doug, I think you mentioned there's obviously was some volatility, earlier this year and in the summer. So just wanted to see just how retention has been holding up, employee retention since the announcement if you have a view on that?
Doug Howell: Well, I'll be honest; we're not really allowed to have some of that while we're going through regulatory approval. And so our insight into the performance of that business is limited. It's necessary where with advanced integration planning can happen, but based on what I'm seeing; being reported right now is that it seems to be holding up very well. And I don't think that the breakage that we've assumed in our assumptions, is that they've hit anywhere near that. So I think that what it's holding up well and I got to give that team a lot of credit and they're holding that team together. They know it's going to be an exciting opportunity to be at Gallagher. So I'm a not seen financially any weakness in what we think that we're getting. 
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think that's was going to be my comments around the team, that management team has held their team together through what I consider to be one of the greatest leadership challenges our industry's faced. Now, it's one thing to say, we've got an acquisition, it could be good for everybody, and we're going to get together with Aon and this is going to be terrific. And you've got a lot of doubters on both sides. And to your point earlier, where's the conflict, where's the headbutting going to be? Wow, you worked that through and then that's not really, what's going to happen. You're going to join Gallagher and that's going to be great, because there's not going to be the headbutting. They're not as big as we were together. We're not going be as big, but that's going to be great for you too. Well, that's not going to happen either. So there's no surprise as to why there was some attrition. And I can tell you since the announcement anecdotally, because Doug's right, we can't get into the numbers, but there's been very little attrition since the announcement that this is really going to happen.
David Montemaden: Got it. Thanks. That's exactly what I was looking for. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields of KBW. Please state your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. It's related question on Willis Re and hopefully it's something you can answer. Are there any position to hire right now sort of in between being owned by Willis Towers Watson and being owned by Gallagher?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, of course.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. I just didn't know whether there's any disruption in terms of I don't know capital or whatever. Broader question, I'm just curious in terms of how this works, when you've got raising insurance rates in an inflationary period, are your clients more or less price sensitive?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Oh man, are you kidding me? I I'll tell you.
Meyer Shields: Nope.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is so good for us. The team's laughing in the room so I’ve gone now, slow down everybody. Of course the clients are freaking out. You've got their costs going up before they've got their revenue adjusted to cover it. So take our construction risk. They've all bid everything already. They're in the middle of the job. Supply chains, cost of cement, cost of lumber, blah, blah, going up like crazy, every cost on their P&Ls under, they've got to look at everything. So here we come as a really, really good player in the construction area. Again, we compete 90% of the time and very nice accounts with smaller competitors. We can analyze and show them what's actually happening in the book by that type of cover by that type of client. And then we can show them that we can improve upon what they've been getting from their local agent. Yes, they're sensitive. Yes, it should be good new business for us.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then the follow-up, which I guess you mostly answered already. Does that mean that your win ratios or your win rates go up relative to smaller competitors because of capability?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. I just wanted frame all this. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mark Hughes of Truist. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thanks. Doug, did you comment on, you talked about organic for 2022 being similar. This year you did 150 basis points in the brokerage segment on that organic, is that’s a good bogie for next year as well? Are there any other costs coming or going that will influence that?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think let's break it down. I think that an organic much like this year, next year that 9% to 10% range is possible 8%, 9%, 10% range. What will margins do next year? Well, some of that depends on how much further cost return to our structure that haven't yet returned to our structure. Remember we are pretty low cost basis still in the first quarter of 2021. So that will revert to next quarter in 2021 also. So I'll put a little pressure on the year-over-year. We're in the middle of budget and planning cycle right now. Mark, I'll have a better answer for you on that in December, but if we're pumping out organic growth pushing 10% next year, there's still opportunities for us to take some of that to the bottom-line. How much is that going to improve margin next year? Give me till December to figure that out.
Mark Hughes: Very good. And then I'll ask you on the shift to cash EPS I'm just looking at your CFO commentary and looking at that recurring amortization of $95 million any comments you'd like to add throw out how much of that might be added back for a cash EPS number?
Doug Howell: Well, $400 million out a year. I think that in all cases that we've looked at a 100% of that has been added back. You got a tax effectively, but that's something that's, it's a big number.
Mark Hughes: And you wouldn't want to be outside of the mainstream on that. Would you doesn't sound like it?
Doug Howell: Say that again?
Mark Hughes: I said you wouldn't want to be outside of the mainstream, if everybody else is adding the whole net back, you would want do the same thing that I presume?
Doug Howell: I think comparability would be very helpful.
Mark Hughes: Right. Okay. Thank you for that. Appreciate it.
Doug Howell: All right. Thanks Mark.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark. And thanks everybody for your questions. So thank you again, all of you for joining us today. As we said over and over, we delivered a great third quarter and I'd like to thank our 35,000 plus colleagues around the globe for their hard work, dedication and unwavering client-centric attitude. We look forward to speaking to you again at our December Investor Day. Thank you for being with us and have a nice evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode.  Today's call is being recorded.  Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the security laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on its forward-looking statements.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Laura. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had an excellent second quarter. The team delivered on all four of our long-term operating priorities to drive shareholder value. We grew organically. We grew through acquisitions, improved our productivity all while raising our quality and maintaining our unique Gallagher culture. For our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, we posted 17% growth in revenue, 8.6% organic growth, but it's over 10% when adjusted for timing, which Doug will spend some time on in a few minutes. Net earnings margin expansion of 107 basis points, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 30 basis points. And we completed eight new mergers in the quarter, with more than $70 million of estimated annualized revenue. Most importantly, our Gallagher culture continues to thrive. Just a fantastic quarter on all measures. Now, before I discuss how each of our businesses performed in more detail, let me comment briefly about the termination of our agreement to purchase certain Willis Towers Watson brokerage operations. We were excited about the opportunity. We would have loved to complete the transaction. There are a lot of great people at Willis and they would have been a great addition to our team. But here's the key point. With or without this, we remained very well-positioned to support our clients, compete for new ones and ultimately drive value for all of our stakeholders. We're in the greatest business on earth. Our culture is stronger than ever, and I'm excited about our future.  Okay. Back to our quarterly results. Starting with our Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was strong at 16%, of that 6.8% was organic revenue growth, a little better than our June IR Day expectation and closer to 9% adjusted for timing. Our net earnings margin moved higher by 53 basis points and our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded by 23 basis points, highlighting our continued expense discipline. Another excellent quarter from the Brokerage team.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Pat and hello everyone. As Pat said, an excellent quarter and first half of the year. Today, I'll spend a little extra time on organic and then give you our current thinking on expenses and margins. Then, I'll walk you through some of the items on our CFO commentary document, and I'll finish up with some comments on cash, liquidity and capital management. Okay. Let's move to page four of the earnings release and the Brokerage segment organic table. Headline all in organic of 6.8%, excellent on its own, but as pat said, really running closer to 9%. There's two reasons for that. First, recall that we had some favorable timing in our first quarter related to contingent commissions that caused a little unfavorable timing here in the second quarter, call that 70 basis points. Second, also recall that we took our 606 revenue accounting adjustment in the first quarter of 2020, we then adjusted that in the second quarter of 2020. So that creates a more difficult compare this year second quarter, call that about 150 basis points. These two items combined for about 220 basis points of a headwind here in the second quarter. We don't expect similar headwinds in the second half. Okay. Let's go to page six to the Brokerage adjusted EBITDAC table. You'll see that we expanded our EBITDAC margin by 23 basis points here in the second quarter. Considering last year second quarter was in the depth of the pandemic and our Brokerage segment save $60 million in that quarter to post any expansion at all this quarter is terrific work by the team, shows we are indeed holding a lot of our savings. So, the natural question is, when you levelize for the $60 million of pandemic savings last year second quarter, and about $15 million of cost that came back this second quarter, what was the underlying margin expansion? Answer to that is about 125 basis points, which on 6.8% organic feels about right. That $15 million mostly relates to higher utilization of our self-insurance medical plans, a modest pickup in T&E expenses and incentive comp. So, we held $45 million of cost savings this quarter. And that's really terrific. Looking forward, we continue to think we can hold a lot of our pandemic period savings, perhaps more than half, but naturally some of those costs will come back. As of now we think about $20 million of costs returned in the third quarter and $30 million return in the fourth quarter, both of those numbers are relative to last year same quarters. So, again, the natural question might be, what organic do you need to post third and fourth quarter to overcome those expenses and still have margin expansion? Math would say about 7%, which is really the real story. Recall at the beginning of the year, after expanding margins 420 basis points in 2020, we were looking at just holding margins flat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Doug. Laura, I think we take some questions now.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good evening.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on, Pat, your organic growth comments. I think you mentioned that you guys would get the full year to 8%. So, if my math is right, if you were sitting at 6.4% for the first half of the year, that would imply that you guys are expecting the back half to come close to 10%. Is there something wrong with that thinking, or are you thinking given the timing impact in the second quarter so we get close to double-digits in the second half a year within Brokerage?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. Elyse, I think you might be a little strong on that, based on the math. So, just take a look at it again. I think why are math produced more like, towards 9%.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So, 9%. Okay. Close. And then my second question, you guys announced a $1.5 billion share repurchase program, right, to effectively buyback the stock issued for the Willis deal. So I just wanted to get a sense of timing on the buybacks. Is that something you expect to complete this year? And then, is the expectation that you will buyback all those shares? Or is that also a little bit dependent upon some of the tuck-in deals if some of them come together pretty quickly?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think as we sit right now, our intent is to repurchase the $1.5 billion. We think we can get that done in short order also and certainly by the end of the year. Now the point here is that we're -- we won't let access capital sip idle by any means.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the margin side if you were, give us some helpful information and you were giving an example, right, that if you guys get to pull your data of 7%, that you could show a 100 basis points of margin improvement. So, is that with the states coming back or is that kind of after adjusting for the impact of days or the expectation that we'll be about a 100 points of margin within Brokerage this year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I think, what I was doing is using the illustration of saying if we post 7% for the full year, you'd see about a 100 basis points of margin expansion, even with those costs coming back into our structure. And clearly if we better 7%, we should be able to better that too.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Elyse
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
David Motemaden: Hi. Good evening. I had a question, just on the expense side. If I just look in Brokerage at the operating expenses, non-comp, non-D&A, just the OpEx line, if I take out the $15 million of incremental costs, it looks like expenses were roughly flat year-over-year. Doug, I think you spoke about this a little bit in your comments. But I guess I'm just wondering, is that sort of right that the underlying expenses in the business, or sort of flat year-over-year and would you expect that to continue for the rest of this year?
Douglas Howell: So, did you take the entire $15 million out of OpEx or did you spread some of that into comp and then also did you factor in M&A, but you're not far off of it, being pretty close to flat when you factor in M&A.
David Motemaden: Yeah. I was just looking purely at OpEx. So, it was roughly flat, but that's something that you think can continue for the rest of the year, just given some of the changes you guys made over the course of last year.
Douglas Howell: Yeah. I think there was -- I guess I think the $20 million will come back in the third quarter of expensive, and I think $30 million will come back in the fourth quarter. That will be split some between OpEx and some between compensation. But by and large, our underlying costs, other than maybe in the IT areas, we're starting to see savings in real estate. We're starting to see savings in professional fees. We are seeing increases in travel and entertainment expenses because some of our clients are expecting us to be there and we're happy to be there for it. But you are seeing some good learnings from the pandemic. We have pretty well taken care of all of our incoming, outgoing mail. It's saving some costs there, so we can centralize that so we can deploy mail anywhere around the world with the touch of a button. So, there are some good projects that have been going on to -- that we're continuing to harvest out of the operating expense line.
David Motemaden: Got it. Yeah. That continues to come in a bit better than I would've thought. I guess, any sort of update on the thinking in terms of the sustainable expense saves, that you -- that you're getting from COVID of the -- I think it was 150 to 175. Is that still a good sort of level to think about, or -- yeah, any sort of changes to that?
Douglas Howell: Yeah. Let's level set. We were saving, let's say -- let's call it $65 million a quarter during the pandemic. And we think that we can hold $30 million of that -- $35 million of that. So, again, back to -- I don't know where your 150 came from, unless it was 60 times, four or five -- four and a half, and then divided by two. But where'd you get the 150 from?
David Motemaden: I was using more of a range, that you guys have given. But that makes sense.
Douglas Howell: Okay.
David Motemaden: That makes sense. Thanks for that. I guess also -- maybe just on the growth side, I guess, could you just break down if we sort of look at the organic, the 9% in Brokerage on sort of a clean basis? Could you just talk about some of the different components of that? Whether that is, rate versus exposure versus new business and share gains and how you expect each of those to trend over the course of this year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. So, new business was stronger than where we were, same second quarter or for also say the year new business range stronger. Retention is about the same, getting lift from rate and exposure that when we combine that together, right now I think it's about 50/50. rate and 50% exposure.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. You may proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you very much. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good afternoon, Mark.
Mark Hughes: I think some of your end markets have been a little slower getting ramped up, maybe compared to other more cyclical end markets. Could you expand on that just a little bit?
Douglas Howell: What do you mean end markets?
Mark Hughes: You're talking about your customers. If I heard you properly, tell me if I didn't, but your customers.
Douglas Howell: Our employee benefits business, you see a lot of headline recovery in employment stats that generally are citing retail, hospitality, transportation -- travel related industries. Our customer base is not concentrated in those industries. It's more diverse than that. And it's just the return to work and our customer base isn't quite at those headline returning to work numbers you see there. That what you're asking about, Mark? Nothing, it's just the mix of business down in the benefits business.
Mark Hughes: Right. Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah. No, that was my question. Then, Pat, on the pricing, I might not have heard all your commentary, but it seems like -- looking at some of your specific numbers compared to last time they were as good or better in Q1, it seems like there's some broader discussion of potential deceleration. Why do you think you may be seeing it a little more optimistically than others perhaps?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I just -- from where I sit, Mark, when I'm talking to people in the field and when I'm talking to our underwriting partners, there just doesn't seem to be any appetite for cutting. Now rate of increase is down, but I'm not seeing people say, oh gosh, we've got this thing right. Let's open the flood gates.
Douglas Howell: We're seeing a little bit. I think that there's a little bit of -- I think the larger account market or larger size market, we saw increases in premiums there that were a little higher than, let's say, the mid-market of a smaller market throughout the end of 2020 and here in the first half of 2021. So, we're just not seeing if a large account market is not growing rates quite as fast as they were in the past. We're not really seeing that as much in the mid-market. We are seeing it more consistent with first quarter and fourth quarter. You lose there, Mark?
Mark Hughes: No. No. Here -- I'm back. I'm sorry. I'm just curious if in a public forum, any thoughts you'd care to share around potential for adding some staff in light of the Willis Towers Watson, Aon breakup, you seeing anything out in the market? Any people moving that is noteworthy?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, no. We don't. But as you know, Mark, you follow us a long time. Our organic hiring is a big part of our strategy and there's no doubt that we're going to continue to hire production talent across all the lines of business that we've got. And our doors of all -- even in the depths of the soft market, as you followed us, the doors open for production talent.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. You may proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I wanted a little bit on capital management, I guess it's $850 million of the raised debt that you're keeping, is it interpret, Doug, your comments about M&A potential as being able to utilize that $850 million?
Douglas Howell: Yeah. Absolutely. That's cash in the bank right now. We think that, that -- and we might have to borrow a little bit more towards the end of the year for part of next year, depending on how the M&A pipeline looks at, but the $650 million there's a special mandatory redemption feature in there. So, we'll pay that back. And then what happened with the $850 million that we raised along with that, that -- we'll get that to work here in the second half of the year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. I might be find you hard with this one. But if you're expecting an increase in potential sellers because of capital gains tax rates, is that likely to depress placing on these assets at all?
Douglas Howell: You might have a little that end, but I think it will put -- truthfully, I think that it might put -- pricing might stay the same and it actually might pull forward a little bit less on an earn-out and more up front. So you put it here in this year, you might feel bad. Is it a full turn on the multiple, maybe to accelerate it, not have as much on that earn-out, but I wouldn't say it's going to cause a big decrease in pricing.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, there's a lot of competition for deals out there.
Meyer Shields: Yeah. Fair enough. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Alex Bolan  with Raymond James. You may proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: I am calling in on behalf of Greg Peters. Maybe kind of sticking with M&A, and the tuck-in conversation, when you're talking, I guess to potential is, as tuck-in up within the conversation as of now, or is that still a thought?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's coming up every time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, when looking at, I guess, M&A, I guess what is the size of acquisitions you're considering? Has that changed at all?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. We're good at tuck-ins. By the way, looks also, Greg knows this very well. If in fact there's 39,000 agents and brokers in America, let's remember that business insurance that just brought out it's a July edition this month number 100 was $25 million in revenue. So the playing field is full of really, really good tuck-in players.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That makes sense. And then, when thinking about margin expansion and the effect T&E has, maybe you can touch on -- your thoughts around deployment of T&E and how that might be changed compared to 2019.
Douglas Howell: All right. Let me -- see if I can understand that again. I thought you had asked a question about India in there, or did I hear your word wrong?
Unidentified Analyst: No. I guess -- no, I didn't say anything on India. It was the effect of lower T&E on margin expansion and then, how you're considering deploying T&E in the future maybe compared to 2019.
Douglas Howell: All right. Great. Well, first of all, we have no hold on. If somebody wants to travel to see their clients where they're more than welcome to go do it, we have no restrictions on that. And people are self-governing on that. We will meet our clients wherever they would like us to meet them in order to conduct business with them. So, we are there and how they want to do it. How much is that? We probably have maybe $5 million a quarter of step-up from where we were in the past. So, maybe there's an extra $5 million in our first quarter, $5 million -- maybe we're at that $10 million this quarter, $15 million next, then $20 million next quarter relative to the depths of the pandemic. So, we're doing it. The good thing about this though, is that we are actually being able to bring our experts to the point of sale virtually much more now than we were before. So, remember the advantage that we have, and that is we have experts in every single aspect of insurance around the world. We can now drop that person into our customer's office, or even if they want to do it from home virtually. International folks, there's lots of -- there's conservative less international travel, but now we can bring our experts from London right into our terrific client or prospect in Des Moines, Iowa with the click of a button. So that's really the competitive advantage of that. But 90% of the time we compete with somebody smaller than us and they just don't have the expert.  So, when we can drop our expert in and bring those capabilities to bear, it's going to leave some more wins in the future. In the past to travel somebody in for a half hour meeting, that might be a two or three-day affair. So think about even though expenses might return to a certain extent, it's the ability to get our experts at the point of sale, or the point of -- to the prospect virtually that really is the terrific outcome from the pandemic.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That makes sense. I appreciate the answers.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. You may proceed with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Good evening, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good evening.
Ryan Tunis: First question, thinking about the second half of the year, about 9% organic, I think you mentioned, it’s probably get 4% employee benefits. You spend a lot of visibility on how that's supposed to try -- I mean, how are you guys thinking about how that would fit into the 9% of the back half?
Douglas Howell: I think there's a sequential step-up continuing in employee benefits like we've seen, as people come back we're really starting to -- just even in the last few weeks, our HR consulting units are starting to get more calls. We're starting to get as covered lives increase -- the number of participants and medical plans and dental plans is stepping up. So, it's four went to six and then went to eight over the next couple of quarters and it wouldn't surprise me in our employee benefit.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then, for Pat, can you just remind us why -- you guys do 40 deals a year, but very few of them seem to be a wholesale related. What do you mean by wholesale M&A? Why don't we see more of those?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We're very active there. Ryan, I think it's just opportunistic. We've built RPS over the last 20 plus years in large part with acquisitions, and we've done some nice acquisitions over the last 12 months at RPS. One of the areas we built out, of course, we're the country's largest MGA. We also have a program business that's really strong, but open market brokers, we built the typical Gallagher way. We've recruited our own and built our own young people out of hardship. And we've done some very nice acquisitions there. So, no, there's no hole back there. And actually there's no real shortage of opportunities, a lot of competition, one of which at a very successful IPO this month.
Ryan Tunis: Gotcha. Okay. Cool. Thanks, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Phil Stefano: Yeah. Thanks. Good evening. Congrats on the quarter. I guess, I'm not sure how to put this in. I hope it's not offensive, but I know that the complaint I'm going to get tonight and then tomorrow is, the organic growth seems to be lagging peers. I understand the timing issue and with the contingent and the 606, but even at 9%, it feels like people are going to -- I suspect people are going to -- how do you want me to respond to this, as I'm looking conversations over the next day?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think it's -- I'll let Doug give you the tactical side, Phil, because he's good at that, but let's put it this way. If you're dropping in the room, here's what I'd say. I'm really proud of our team. We had a great quarter and so did our competitors. God bless them. And if you take a look at our results over the past number of years versus anyone else you want to put up into that, our team gets up every morning and aggressively sells a lot of assurance. And so, I take no second stance to the fact that this quarter was anything, but outstanding. And one quarter comparables, doesn't get my dander up, Doug to give you more technical answer. But I think our people did a great job of selling insurance and holding on to our clients. And I'm really happy with the quarter. On a comparable basis, there's others that look stronger. I'm okay with that.
Douglas Howell: Yeah. I think, Phil, one of the things you might want to do is take last year second quarter and this year second quarter for all of us, add them up and I think you might find that delta isn't all that much different. And like Pat said, so over two years, we're up about 10% organically in aggregate in our Brokerage segment. And again, I think that if you do the math on those that have reported are worth wherever your other insights are coming from. The second quarter and the second quarter -- last year this quarter might add up to about the same number. I think that running towards 9% is the best quarter since we've posted since fourth quarter of 2003. And like Pat said, this level of organic growth isn't an aberration just to one of us or two of us or whatever. The entire industry is showing excellent organic growth. Industry is growing at a much higher clip than GDP. And I guess what I would say is our outlook for the second half of the year is pretty bullish. So, that's how I would answer it, but mathematically take the two quarters together and we won't be all that far apart when you have like for like business.
Phil Stefano: I guess, part of this comes back to -- if I think about the two year back that you're suggesting, it comes back to the idea that your clients were more persistent. And so, we don't get the ebb and the flow that we've seen in the recovery last year. I guess, is that a fair way to tie that commentary into the numbers?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The other way I might put it, Phil, is we're doing a better job than our competition to mitigating the impact of rates for our clients.
Phil Stefano: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Got it. When I think about the -- you said that the door is always open for talent that wants to come. As part of the agreement for the Willis potential businesses that were going to be acquired, was there any non-compete or no shop for talent provisions within that, that would keep you on the sideline from certain talent that might be wondering, looking around.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. We have some limitations. We've agreed, of course, that we intend to honor those and they're not extensive. But generally speaking, we're not limited in our ability to hire general production talent. But of course, in that discussion, that transaction, there are some limitations which we intend on.
Phil Stefano: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Thanks. Congrats. And look, I think the margin expansion story over the past few years has been probably second to none. So, I hope -- hopefully that's the takeaway that you get from me and my comments tonight. Appreciate it.
Douglas Howell: All right. Thanks Phil.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Laura. Let me just -- to make a few comments here. We delivered, obviously excellent second quarter. I'm extremely proud of our team. I believe that we are in the best business in the world, and we're delivering significant value for our clients around the globe day-in and day-out. Thank you all for being with us this evening, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks very much. Thank you, Laura.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation for the rest of your evening.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-02 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.’s First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the security laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company’s 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Laura. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. What a fantastic quarter. We executed against our four long-term operating priorities to drive shareholder value: first, we grew organically; second, we grew through acquisitions; third, we improved our productivity while raising our quality; and fourth, we continue to reap the benefits of our unique Gallagher culture. I’m extremely proud of how our team continues to execute and deliver world-class expertise and service day-in and day-out. We’re off to a great start in 2021. So, let me give you some more detail on the quarter, starting with our Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth of 12.2%, of that, 6% was organic revenue growth, better than our recent IR Day expectations, thanks to an excellent March. Our cost containment efforts saved about $60 million in the quarter, helping drive our net earnings margin higher by 94 basis points and expand our adjusted EBITDAC margin by 480 basis points and net earnings were up 17% and adjusted EBITDAC was up 24%, an excellent quarter from the Brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and give you some soundbites about each of our Brokerage units, starting with our P/C operations. In the U.S., retail organic growth was strong at about 5%. New business was excellent and retention remains strong. In our U.S. wholesale operations, Risk Placement Services organic was about 6%. Open brokerage organic was 15% due to rate increases, higher levels of new business and improved retention. Our MGA program’s binding businesses were up about 4%. Retention in new business were similar to the first quarter of 2020. However, we did see a little bit more tailwind from rate and exposure during the quarter. Moving to the UK, over 7% organic for the quarter. In both our retail and specialty operations, new business was up over prior year while retention held pretty steady. Australia and New Zealand combined posted organic of 3%. New business and retention were both similar to prior year. And finally, our Canadian retail operations, excellent organic of 13%, fantastic new business and rate all added to our stellar performance again this quarter. So overall, our global P/C operations posted more than 7% organic, which is better than the 5% to 6% we discussed at our Investor Day, thanks to a really strong March. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business. First quarter organic was up slightly, which is better than our March IR Day expectations. Revenue from our traditional health and welfare business held up well, while fees from consulting arrangements, special project work and our life business were up slightly. So when I bring P/C and Benefits together, total Brokerage segment organic was 6%, a really strong start to the year. Next, I’d like to make a few comments on the P/C market, starting with the rate environment. Global P/C rates remain firm overall and the increases we saw during the first quarter of 2021 are consistent with the past couple of quarters. Rates in Canada led the way, up double digits, driven by property and professional liability. In the U.S., rates were up about 7%, including double-digit rate increases within our wholesale open brokerage operations. Our UK retail and London specialty operations combined, rates are up about 5%. And finally, Australia and New Zealand combined, rate increases are in the low single digits. At the same time, capacity is constrained in certain lines and carriers are pushing for tighter terms and conditions. There are also quite a few pockets in the U.S., Canada and London specialty market that I would describe as hard such as cat-exposed properties, cyber, umbrella and public company D&O, just to name a few. So the global P/C environment remains difficult but is giving us some tailwinds. Looking forward, we don’t see conditions that would indicate this rate environment will change anytime soon, and we are seeing more and more economic activity across our client base. For example, customers are adding coverages and exposures to their existing policies. And through yesterday, April endorsements, premium audits and other midterm policy adjustments are a net positive overall. That, too, is an encouraging sign. On the benefits side, a recovering labor market in 2021 should favorably impact our core health and welfare business. And we remain optimistic that we will start to see some incremental HR consulting and special project work. This is a terrific time for our team to shine, firm global rates, increasing exposure units and recovering employment. Our clients need our expertise and we are there with the very best insurance, consulting and risk management advice. So while there’s a lot of year left, I have greater conviction that our full year 2021 Brokerage segment organic will be equal to or perhaps even better than pre-pandemic 2019 organic. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. We finished the first quarter with five completed brokerage mergers, representing about $90 million of estimated annualized revenues. I’d like to thank all of our new partners for joining us, and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our tuck-in M&A pipeline, we have more than 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing about $250 million of annualized revenues. Our global platform is a great fit for savvy and successful entrepreneurs. We have the tools, data, products, niche expertise and carrier relationships to help these owners support their current clients and take their business to the next level. Next, I’d like to move to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. First quarter organic growth was 0.6%, which is in line with our March IR Day expectations of about flat. It was still a tough compare to pre-pandemic first quarter 2020. However, there is no doubt we are starting to see more and more core workers’ comp claim activity when compared to what we were seeing last year at this time. Traditional workers’ comp claims are returning and we are seeing fewer and fewer COVID-related claims. Our cost containment efforts paid off again this quarter. We saved around $4 million and expanded our adjusted EBITDAC margin by 180 basis points to 18.4%, another great quarter of execution by the Gallagher Bassett team. Looking forward to the next three quarters, we would expect new claims arising to be higher than what we saw last year, perhaps not back to pre-pandemic levels quite yet but certainly higher than last year. So when I combine that with some really nice new business wins, we should be back to seeing organic in the upper single digits for the next few quarters. That would also bode well for keeping margins above 18% for the remainder of the year. Let me wrap up with some comments regarding our unique Gallagher culture. It’s a culture that emphasizes doing things the right way for the right reasons with the right people. It’s a culture of service, service to our clients, to one another and to the communities where we work and where we live and our culture continues to be recognized externally. Just last week, Forbes named Gallagher one of the best U.S. employers for diversity and that’s on top of Gallagher being recognized by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the world’s most ethical companies for the 10th year in a row, 10 straight years, and once again, the sole insurance broker recognized. These recognitions are a direct reflection of our more than 30,000 global colleagues working together as a team guided by the 25 tenets of the Gallagher Way. Culture is a key differentiator for our franchise. Every day, all of our people get up and work diligently to maintain our culture, to promote our culture, to live our culture, and I believe our culture has never been stronger. Doug, over to you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll echo Pat’s comments, an excellent quarter and a terrific start to the year. Today, I’ll spend most of my time on both our cost savings initiatives and our clean energy cash flows, then highlight a few items in our CFO commentary document, and I’ll close with some comments on M&A, cash and liquidity. Before I plunge in on cost, one quick comment on Page 3 in the Brokerage segment organic table. You’ll see that we had a great quarter for contingent commissions. There is a little bit of favorable timing in there, call it about 50 basis points on total organic. That will flip the other way next quarter but regardless, a really solid quarter. Okay, let’s go to Page 5, the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC table. You’ll see that we grew adjusted EBITDAC by $122 million over last year’s first quarter, resulting in about 480 basis points of adjusted margin expansion. That would have been closer to 550 basis points, but as we discussed in our March IR Day, M&A roll-in isn’t as seasonally large, and we did strengthen bonus a bit, given our outlook for 2021 as considerably more optimistic today than it was last year at this time standing at the gates of a global pandemic. Within that $122 million of EBITDAC growth is about $60 million that is directly related to our cost savings initiatives, call that about 370 basis points of margin expansion. So when controlling for these three items, we see underlying margin expansion of about 180 basis points on that 6% all-in organic, once again, absolutely terrific execution by the team. Moving on to the Risk Management segment on Page 6. We grew adjusted EBITDAC by $4.3 million, resulting in about 180 basis points of adjusted margin expansion, leading us to post margins nicely over 18%. Most of that was due to our cost savings initiatives. So when I combine our Brokerage and Risk Management segments, savings were around $64 million, pretty similar to the last three quarters and that consists of: reduced travel, entertainment and advertising, about $25 million; reduced consulting and professional fees, about $15 million; reduced outside labor and other workforce costs, about $15 million; and then reduced office supplies, consumables and occupancy costs of about another $9 million. But remember, first quarter 2021 is the last quarter we have a favorable comparison to pre-pandemic spend levels. So now it’s all about how much of the cost savings we can hold going forward. As I look at it today, I still believe we will hold a lot of it. As we have said before, we do see certain costs coming back but that won’t happen overnight. Our best guess is maybe $15 million coming back in the second quarter 2021, then step that up by about $5 million to $7 million in the third quarter and a similar step-up again in the fourth quarter. Those amounts that I’ve given are relative to 2020 same quarters adjusted for the roll-in impact of M&A. As for how that translates into margins, that’s really dependent on where we land on organic, but say you assume organic is around 5% or above for the remainder of the year, the math would say that would be enough to show some full year margin expansion and regardless of where we land, let’s keep this in perspective for the longer term. The pandemic has allowed and perhaps even forced us to accelerate a lot of the improvements we had on the drawing board and also served as an opportunity to design new and better ways to run our business. Both of these make us more productive today than we were 15 months ago and our service quality has even improved. This will provide a lasting benefit for years to come. So let’s move now to the CFO commentary document we posted on our investor website. On Page 3, most items are very similar to what we provided at our March IR Day. On Page 4, both clean energy and the corporate line came in better than we had provided in March. The corporate line is just timing between first and third quarters for certain tax items. But the clean energy investments had a much better quarter and we bumped up our full year estimate. It’s now looking like $70 million to $80 million of full year after-tax earnings, which is really good news. Next, flip to Page 5 of the CFO commentary. If you missed the clean energy vignette that I gave during our March IR Day, it might be worth to listen to the replay on our website, starts with the hour and 9-minute mark. Here are the punchlines: First, recall, 2021 is the last year of what we call the credit generation era; second, 2022 will be the first meaningful year in the cash harvesting era. This means 2021 is the last year we will report GAAP earnings, and 2022 will be the first year meaningful cash flows show up in our cash flow statement. You’ll see here on Page 5 that we think 2022 annual cash flows could increase by around $125 million to $150 million. And finally, this is not a one year benefit to cash flow. We have more than $1 billion of tax credit carryforwards on our balance sheet that should favorably impact cash flows for the next six to seven years. As for M&A capacity, at March 31, available cash on hand was more than $400 million, and we had no outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility. So with cash on hand, our untapped borrowing capacity and another year of strong cash flows, it means upwards of $2.5 billion of M&A capacity here in 2021. With a nice M&A pipeline, we are in good shape to continue with our tuck-in strategy. Before I pass it back to Pat, and that was a mouthful, as I sit here today, I see a lot of positives. Organic has nice tailwinds from rate and exposure growth. Add to that a lot of pent-up consumer demand and perhaps a wave of governmental spending. Both could be additional growth catalysts. We have a robust M&A pipeline that should continue to grow, especially if an increase in capital gains tax gets momentum and we’ve learned a lot from the pandemic on how to operate better, faster and cheaper, all the while improving service quality and our productivity gains we achieved over the last year appear to be sticky. This all bodes well for another year of strong cash flow generation, with a kicker starting in 2022 from our clean energy investment. So, we are very well positioned operationally and financially. I can feel the excitement out in the field about coming out of the pandemic stronger than ever before. It’s setting up to be another great year. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Laura, I think we can go to some questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. My first question is on organic. You guys printed 6% in the quarter. As I look to your comments, you said perhaps you get back to where we were in 2019, which is also 6%. But if you think about what’s going on today, you pointed to still strong P&C pricing and the economy is getting better. So what would cause the forward three quarters of this year to not be stronger? Like do you see anything decelerating or is it just there’s some conservatism in that outlook for things to kind of stay stable over the rest of the year?
Doug Howell: I think it depends on the recovery pattern. I think there’s still a lot of unemployment in there, and we’re running somewhere in that 5.5% to 6% range right now. We’re going to hold that for the rest of the year. It looks like it could be a pretty good year. So there’s nothing inherently different today in that thinking other than it feels kind of like 2019.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Our clients are doing much better, Elyse. I think they are coming back to 2019, not surging beyond it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then in terms of the margin, right, you guys had alluded to 400 basis points of margin expansion at your IR event, and that came 80 basis points above but we still had the headwind you were alluding to. So what was better, I guess, relative to the IR Day within the margin? Was it the contingence on supplemental? Or was it just kind of the core margin expansion away from the save which is better than you were thinking?
Doug Howell: It was a contingent commission that came in better, primarily fueled that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then on the M&A side of things, you pointed to an active pipeline in terms of tuck-ins. There’s obviously a pretty big merger between Aon and Willis that – where they’re working toward their regulatory approvals and I’m not sure if you can comment on it. Obviously a lot of speculation in the press in terms of what may or may not be divested. But as you guys think about larger deals, could you just give us a sense of how you’re thinking about, I guess, potentially on the M&A side, if there are properties that could become available there to the divestment process and things that could potentially be attractive to Gallagher.
Doug Howell: Right. So there’s a lot to unpack in that. I’ll hit the capacity. We have up to $2.5 billion worth of M&A capacity this year and we’ve got a full pipeline of nice tuck-in acquisitions that are out there. In terms of what comes out of the Aon and Willis opportunity, we read the same things that you’re reading and we just typically don’t comment on acquisitions that we hear about in the papers, but we’ve got $2.5 billion and we like our tuck-in merger strategy.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. You may proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hey Greg.
Greg Peters: So I just want to turn around the discussion on M&A. Can you go back and revisit sort of the process that evolved and emerged when you guys were doing the JLT global aerospace deal in 2019? Was it a 3-month process? Was it a one-month process? And I guess, ultimately, what we’re getting at is or I’m going with is there’s some pretty strong time line issues with Aon and Willis Towers Watson. And I guess some of your investors might be concerned that you, in an effort to meet their time lines, not that you’re doing anything, but you might sacrifice your due diligence, if that makes sense.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Greg, I’ll take a shot at that. We did the Arrow deal in London in pretty short order. We’re really happy with that acquisition. It turned out to be terrific. We didn’t seem to sacrifice anything.
Greg Peters: Okay and so one of the other areas that you referenced is culture. Maybe you can go back to the acquisitions, the large acquisitions you did in New Zealand and Australia and talk to us a little bit how you were able to ensure the continuity of your culture when you’re doing large deals.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think in that situation, you had very good strong stand-alone businesses that we could, in fact, get to meet the leadership of. I think you remember the story. We did fly to Australia, met leadership and gave them the choice. They were planning on going public in their own right. We met two leaders with – the entire top leadership. And basically, that evening said, "You’ve got a choice to make. You want to go public on your own or do you want to join us?" Steve Lockwood, who’s still with us, had that decision to make. I think he made a pretty good decision. Things are going great.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think, Greg, on that one, in particular, too, is that – and this seems odd for the accountant to say this, but when you – on that deal, it was owned by an industrial conglomerate that really didn’t view brokerage as being its priority, insurance brokerage and I’ve got to say, for the way our sales leadership and our operational leadership came down to Australia, combined with Steve’s relentless focus on sales, we really – it was really the Australia business that needed a positive shot in the arm when it comes to embracing and supporting a sales culture and we think that what works at Gallagher are people that want to come in and sell insurance and we’ve worked hard over the number of years to show that we’re a broker run by brokers and so we like to sell insurance and that is the culture that we think really, really was the secret sauce to taking – it was running negative 7% organic in Australia when we bought it and we think we did a terrific job. It’s posting nice organic year in and year out since that – since we did that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Canada, our Canadian operation was running negative organic as well.
Greg Peters: Well, the accountant didn’t do too bad with his answer. So I’ll pivot to...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Remember, he’s been around 20 years, Greg.
Greg Peters: Yes, I’m well aware. I’d like to pivot to the operations. Just the two things that stuck out. The employee benefits business clearly is still – I don’t want to say struggling but it hasn’t rebounded the way it was pre-pandemic. Can you – is there any ASC 606 issues as we think about the first quarter results relative to the year before? Or is there – is it expected that as we move through the year, there could be some benefit in that if the economies do recover?
Doug Howell: There’s nothing noteworthy on 606 in the numbers, what could happen in the future. If you had a substantial recovery in covered lives compared to our estimates – covered lives compared to our estimates today, you could see some upside development in those estimates for the rest of this year. As you know, all that employee benefits business or most of it is a 1/1 renewal. We have to make our estimate of covered lives. And if there was a substantial surge in employment, it would probably pull up those estimates a little bit over the next three quarters as that develops.
Greg Peters: Got it. You know I feel like I’ve hogged enough of your time. I’ll let others ask their questions. Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
David Motemaden: Hi, good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi David.
David Motemaden: I had a question, just following up on the benefits business and hoping to maybe get a bit more granular detail just in terms of how you’re thinking about organic throughout the rest of the year and specifically, I know you spoke about, in your response to the previous question, just about your estimates about covered lives and what those do for the year. So I’m wondering what your expectations are for the rest of the year just for covered lives, like what’s baked in that statement that you’re assuming we can get back to 2019 organic levels here in 2021?
Doug Howell: Yes. So our assumptions in the 606 estimates are not substantial recovery in covered lives, different than where our brokers place the business as they put that to rest here in January. So there isn’t a substantial uptick in expectation. Also on that point, remember, that business didn’t fall off the cliff last year because the employers that we do are pretty stable employers and so while we didn’t have a substantial decrease in covered lives last year, and so I wouldn’t expect a substantial recovery of that for the rest of the year. So kind of flat where they renewed is what our expectations were used when we set that reserve – that estimate.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Where we see some opportunity to grow back is the fee business. That business was just – it was slammed shut at the end of the first quarter last year and those are projects that need to be done. They need professionals to do them, and I think that there will be some more demand there.
Doug Howell: I mean the workforce talent is coming back, so, I think that’s – and that’s where we excel and that is helping employers with that.
David Motemaden: Got it. No, that’s helpful and I’m sorry if I missed it, but did you talk about how that’s trending thus far in the second quarter just on the consulting arrangements?
Doug Howell: We didn’t comment but we’re happy to. Not a substantial difference sitting here on April 29, as we saw, let’s say, on March 29. But there is – there are some green shoots. Our consultants are getting some more calls so I think that you’ll see a little bit more active summer and fall.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let’s hope.
David Motemaden: Got it. No, that’s helpful and then maybe just stepping back, a bigger picture question. Sort of on the M&A theme but I’m just sort of – I’m wondering just how you guys are thinking about broader acquisitions as opposed to team lift-outs and sort of how you weigh both potential. Very similar ways of growth but obviously different in terms of the way the financials work. So just wondering how you think about both of those avenues.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Let me be real clear, David. I think these players in the market, they want to ignore contracts, lift teams, litigate and call that a cheaper way to get talent. Let me see if I can clean up my comments. I don’t like that. We like to see people that have built companies, entrepreneurial in nature, have a culture, respect their clients, respect their people and sell ongoing enterprises to us. Do we recruit individual people? Absolutely. And do we bring teams across? Yes, we do. But the other method isn’t for us.
David Motemaden: Got it. Yup. That makes sense. That’s all that I have. I’ll let others ask their questions in the queue. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks David
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. You may proceed with your question.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi Mark.
Mark Hughes: Hello. Hey, on the Risk Management business, I’ll ask a question about claims. You say that year-over-year, clearly, frequency or claims counts are going to be up. But it sounds like Q4 and Q1 and maybe even so far in Q2 are holding relatively steady. Is that the right way to think about that?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think there’s a little bit of a crossover here, Mark. As COVID claims started to decline, we started to see regular workers’ comp claim go up. You’ll have a little bit of that in the second quarter but not much. I think the COVID claims are pretty well through our process at this point, and then the regular workers’ comp claims will far exceed that going forward. So that might be what you’re seeing in that number.
Mark Hughes: On just the pricing environment, there’s some talk of moderation. You all seem to be pretty consistent that the trends are holding steady, similar rates of increase. I think in the text, you might have pointed to higher rates of increase in the second quarter. Are you seeing any sort of moderation?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, we’re not. I think we’re seeing consistent demand for proper pricing. We’ve been a couple of years now into some hardening numbers. So I do think that over time, that will moderate but we’re not seeing any lack of discipline in the market at this point and underwriters are continuing to ask for increases.
Doug Howell: Yes. When you look at the dollar – the year-over-year dollar-over-dollar increases, the dollars are still going up. The rate or the percentage might not be as big because you’re on a bigger base, but there’s still rate increases happening everywhere. Even workers’ comp is getting rate at this point.
Mark Hughes: Then Doug, any green shoots about extending the clean energy legislation?
Doug Howell: There’s a lot of infrastructure packages out there, and I think that there’s opportunity to realize this process does contribute some pretty good value to the environment. So there’s always hope. If we get an opportunity to – in the infrastructure package or in the tax reconciliation process that might come through, there’s always hope on that.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Doug Howell: Sure.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good afternoon everybody. My first question on the contingent commissions. If I’m doing my math correct, I think I get to like 120 basis points or so of margin expansion coming from contingents. Does that resonate?
Doug Howell: What did you assume as the margin on it?
Yaron Kinar: About 70%.
Doug Howell: Yes, it might be a little thick. I mean a lot of the contingent commissions go to – when it comes to the leadership variable comp, there’s a piece of that that fuels it. So 70% might be a little rich, but some of it, yes, maybe 100 basis points, maybe not 120.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, OK. So you got like 60 basis points of, call it, organic margin expansion, 100 coming from contingents and the rest coming from cost saves, if I wanted to divide it into buckets?
Doug Howell: Probably almost a point from regular trough then – and when you take out the contingents and you can’t take out the margin from that.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, OK. That’s helpful and did I hear you say that you’re switching over to cash EPS in 2022?
Doug Howell: No. I think what I was saying is that in the clean energy segment, you’re going to start seeing $120 million to – $125 million to $150 million of additional cash flows that will come through our cash flow statement. We’ll obviously make sure that we call that out every quarter on how much is that because it’s the rundown of that deferred tax asset that sits on our balance sheet that moves from being a noncash asset into a cash asset. So we’ll make sure we highlight it as we go forward.
Yaron Kinar: Got it, OK. Thank you very much and congrats on the quarter.
Doug Howell: Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. You may proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I guess the big dumb question that I’m struggling with is that if we’re seeing rate increases hold flat and we assume that the economy comes back, wouldn’t that point to organic growth on a year-over-year basis well above 5%?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hope so.
Doug Howell: Part of that, though too, is remember, our job is to help our client structure programs that actually mitigate some of the rate increase. It’s hard to mitigate exposure growth unless you want to take more deductibles or lower limits. Rate increases, there’s some – you can do the same thing, but if somebody adds two or three more trucks, you’ve got to insure those other two or three more trucks. So if exposure units overtake the recovery from rate on that, the programs that we designed, you’d see more of that hitting the bottom line. But if it’s just purely rate, you can mitigate some of that through different program structure.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s very helpful and then if I can dig just a little deeper on the claims – the workers’ compensation claims that you’re seeing in the trends. Is there a material difference to your revenues when you’re handling traditional work comp claims versus COVID?
Doug Howell: Well, there’s two different – there’s different pieces and there’s the liability piece and then there’s the medical-only piece in traditional workers’ comp. I think that the longer-tail liability type workers’ comp claim is more profitable to us than just the kind of the recurring medical-only claims, where we’re basically paying the bills on it. So you would see that – you would – the revenues that come off of a liability-related workers’ comp claim would probably exceed the COVID claims.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Good. That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks and good evening. Just a few quick ones. Most have been asked and answered. But – so as we think about the appropriate base for our margin for first quarter 2022, is it the 39.2% that was printed? Or should we make some kind of adjustment for the margin benefit from the contingents and supplementals?
Doug Howell: Okay. So you’re asking about a year from now in first quarter 2022?
Phil Stefano: No it would...
Doug Howell: I’ll help you think that out a second here as I think that, yes, when you look at our 39.2%, the base should probably start from – you heard the earlier question. We probably got a little lift from contingent commissions in that number, so you want to start off a little bit lower base and let’s say by then, we’re holding half of our savings, long-term savings compared to where we are today. Maybe there’s $30 million worth of costs that are back into the structure by that time and spread that across $1.8 billion or $1.9 billion. That’s probably the right way to think about next year.
Phil Stefano: Okay, but it’s fair to say any of this lumpy stuff should probably be normalized for.
Doug Howell: Say that again, I’m sorry.
Phil Stefano: It’s fair to say that – I mean the lumpy kind of impacts like a contingent over-earning, we should probably normalize for that as we think about the forward margin.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think so. Yes.
Phil Stefano: Okay, all right. Perfect and then from the Risk Management segment, I guess, there was a comment around it being in the upper single digits for the next few quarters. Is the right way to think about this year-over-year or sequentially? I guess in my mind, when I think about your comment about claim counts being kind of flattish fourth quarter to first quarter, it feels like that’s reflected in the revenues and as we think about claim counts expanding with the economy opening back up, I guess, maybe 2021 is kind of one of the businesses where I look at this sequentially as opposed to on a year-over-year basis. Is that off base?
Doug Howell: Either way, as long as you understand that last year’s second quarter there was a trough and there will be some recovery out of it this year relative to that quarter, but if you’re basing it off the last two quarters and want to do a run rate that way, it’s probably not a bad way to do it either.
Phil Stefano: Okay. All right. Perfect. That’s all I had.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Phil. Well, thank you again, everybody, for being on today this afternoon. We really appreciate it. We delivered an excellent first quarter, and I’d like to thank all of our Gallagher professionals for their hard work, our clients for their trust and our carrier partners for their support. I’m confident that we can deliver another great year of financial performance in 2021 and truly believe we’re just getting started. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and enjoy the rest of your evening.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher and Co's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in your response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risks factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more detail on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.  It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. J. Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher and Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as the Heads of our Operating Divisions. Before we get started, I'd like to make a few comments regarding the tumultuous year that was 2020. It was a year that tested everything from our physical health to our mental state of mind to how we see one another is impacted our colleagues, our families, our communities around the world. They brought personal hardship and loss, stresses and challenges that none of us would have predicted a year ago. I believe we've learned a lot about ourselves and our society over the past year and while 2020 is behind us many issues and difficulties remain, but let's not forget 2020 also showed us that the world can work together towards a common goal to develop vaccines in order to solve a global problem. And for that, I'm both thankful and I remain optimistic about our future. Now onto the discussion of the quarter and year. We delivered an excellent fourth quarter in the midst of the pandemic. We grew organically. We picked up momentum and grew through acquisitions. We improved our productivity and raised our quality. We continued to invest in our bedrock culture. I'm extremely proud of how the team performed during the quarter and the full year. In our Brokerage segment, fourth quarter reported revenue growth was a positive 3.6%. Most of that or 3.1% was organic revenue growth. We executed on our cost containment playbook and further utilized our centers of excellence saving about $60 million in the quarter, helping drive our net earnings margin higher by 281 basis points and expanding our adjusted EBITDAC margin by 579 basis points and net earnings were up 33% and adjusted EBITDAC was up 30%, another fantastic quarter for the Brokerage team. Let me walk you around the world and give you some sound bites about each of our brokerage units, starting with our PC operations. In U.S. retail, organic growth was strong at about 4.5%. New business and client retention was similar to last year's fourth quarter and mid-term policy modifications, including full policy cancellations, were slightly better than prior year levels. In our U.S. wholesale operations, risk placement services organic was about 5%, open brokerage organic was more than 20% due to strong renewals fueled by double digit rate increases. Our MGA programs binding businesses were up about 2%, retention was better sequentially, but as expected new business wins are still lagging given the economy. Moving to the UK, around 4.5% organic for the quarter in both our retail and specialty operations, new and lost business was consistent with prior year and special mention to our aviation team. They performed well in their largest quarter of the year helping clients navigate exposures that were down significantly, call it 30% to 40%, and rate increases that pushed premiums close to pre-COVID levels. Australia and New Zealand combined posted organic of about 1%. The spread between new and lost business was similar to last year, but we're not getting as much lift from rate and exposure as we had in previous years. And finally, our Canadian retail operations posted organic of 13%, another terrific new business quarter combined with a nice tick-up in client retention and strong rate environment. So, overall, our global PC operations posted 4.5% organic, which is a bit better than the 4% we discussed at our December Investor Day. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business, fourth quarter organic was around minus 2%, which is at the favorable end of what we thought during our December IR Day. Similar to the previous couple of quarters fees from consulting arrangements and special project work were down. However, revenue from our traditional health and welfare business continues to hold up, with slightly positive fourth quarter organic, which is an encouraging sign. So, when I bring PC and benefits together, total brokerage segment, organic of 3.1%, a really strong quarter in this environment. And even better when you consider the tough compare against the fourth quarter of 2019 of over 6%. Next, I'd like to make a few comments on the PC market, starting the rate environment. Global PC rates continued to march higher during the fourth quarter and overall. Rate was up around 8% across our footprint. Rates in Canada led the way up more than 12%. The U.S. was up more than 8% with wholesale stronger than retail, including rate increases of 15% within our wholesale open brokerage operations, followed by the UK, including London Specialty at about 5% and Australia and New Zealand combined in the low single digits.  By line of business property and professional liability are up 12%, other casually lines are up mid-to-high single digits and worker's comp was flat to modestly positive. Not only are PC rates, continuing to rise terms and conditions are tightening and capacity is becoming increasingly constrained for some coverages. Nearly every area and line of business is firm or firming. And there are even a few lines that are very hard, like umbrella, cyber and public company D&O. So needless to say, it is a difficult PC environment. This is where our teams excel, helping businesses, many of which are still struggling, navigate the market through creative program design, shopping coverages, and altering programs with increasing deductibles or reduced limits to help their risk management programs fit their budgets. Looking forward, I see similar PC market conditions continuing in 2021. And while economic growth is coming, the pace of the recovery remains uncertain. So we remain laser-focused on what we can control, delivering the very best insurance and risk management advice. Now successfully doing this virtually more than ever before, constantly improving our high-quality customer service, engaging with new prospects and growing our new business pipeline. Thus far in January, full policy cancellations and other midterm policy adjustments are trending similar to January 2020. Although it's still early, we're seeing year-over-year, renewal premium increases at levels comparable to fourth quarter 2020. On the benefit side, the annual enrollment season is behind us. And for many of our clients we saw covered lives stabilize from last year's declines, while retention in new business were similar to pre-COVID levels. In addition, a few of our benefits consulting practices are seeing increased activity and engagements early on in the year. So, while there's a lot of year left, these early January indications give me further conviction that full year 2021 Brokerage segment organic will be even better than 3.2% we delivered in 2020. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions, following an active December, we finished the fourth quarter with 10 completed brokerage mergers representing about a $100 million of estimated annualized revenues. And we've announced a handful more so far in January, representing an additional $85 million of estimated annualized revenues. This includes The Bollington merger in the UK, which we think will close in early February after receiving regulatory approval this week. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us. And I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our M&A pipeline, we have 30 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $300 million of annualized revenues. We believe we are the platform of choice for successful entrepreneurs looking to take their business to the next level, by leveraging our niche expertise, our tools and data, in addition to being a great place for their employees to advance their careers. We expect to have a very active 2021, particularly in the U.S. due to concerns related to possible tax changes. So, to wrap up the Brokerage segment for the full year, we delivered 5.4% growth in revenue, 3.2%, all-in organic growth. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 418 basis points, fueled by cost savings of about $180 million. And we completed 27 mergers representing about $250 million of estimated annualized revenue, a fantastic year for the brokerage team. Next, I would like to move to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter, organic edged back into positive territory, nicely surpassing our December expectations of being down as much as 2%, with some positive lift due to increasing COVID-related workers' compensation claims and saw strong retention in new business. So we ended 2020 with full year organic of minus 2.7%. And this environment to close a year in which core claim counts were down double-digits for more than 10 months of the year. And after posting 10% organic decline in the second quarter alone is a just terrific recovery story. Going back to April in the beginning of the pandemic, we set our sites on delivering full year 2020 adjusted EBITDAC, similar to 2019, even with full year revenues forecasted to be down $38 million or more. And boy, that the team deliver, the team proactively manage this workforce carefully rebalanced claim loads across adjusters and implemented expense controls, ultimately driving 2020 adjusted EBITDAC of nearly $150 million, $4 million better than 2019. Being able to grow full year EBITDAC despite organic revenues that were backwards. It's just fantastic work by the risk management team. As we look forward, January claim counts are trending very similar to the fourth quarter with many clients operating still at partial capacity with new business sold in 2020, incepting over the next few quarters and still room for substantial job recovery. We believe full year 2021 organic will be closer to pre-COVID levels in the mid single-digit range. Let me wrap up with some comments regarding our unique and resilient Gallagher culture. Culture guides our organization, our people in both good times and even more so in demanding times. And I believe culture is the source of our perseverance, our determination, and our constant push for excellence. I'm extremely proud of our collective successes during 2020, but more importantly, how we came together to work as a team, even while physically apart, our culture has never been better and I believe we're ending 2021 even stronger. Okay, I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll echo Pat's comments on great quarter and an excellent year. I too would like to extend my appreciation to the team. Today, I'll begin with some comments on our cost savings, provide some, a few observations from our CFO commentary document that we posted on our website. Then I'll do a vignette on our clean energy investments and finish with some thoughts on M&A, cash and liquidity. All right, let's turn to the earnings release, Page 6 to the brokerage EBITDAC table. You'll see that we grew adjusted EBITDAC by about $85 million over last year's fourth quarter, resulting in about 580 basis points of adjusted margin expansion. Within that, we realized about $60 million of cost savings relative to fourth quarter 2019 adjusted for merger. So underlying margin expansion was about 115 basis points on 3.1% all-in organic, which on its own is impressive. When you move to Page 8, in Risk Management segment, we grew EBITDAC a bit more than $4 million on slightly positive organic, resulting in about 190 basis points of adjusted margin expansion. Within that, we realized about $5 million of cost savings relative to Q4 2019, which was moderated just a little by new client ramp-up costs. So underlying margins were up just a bit, that too is actually giving the flattish organic this quarter. Categories of fourth quarter savings for the combined brokerage and risk management segment were consistent with second and third quarter. Reduced travel, entertainment and advertising about $25 million, reduced consulting and professional fees $14 million, reduced outside labor and other workforce savings $16 million, office supplies, consumables, and occupancy costs about $10 million. So that total is around $65 million, which is consistent with what we said at our December IR Day. Now looking forward the pace of recovery isn't clear, we came into the year with another virus surge. Now maybe some positive cases coming down. Some areas are imposing more lockdowns yet others are loosening up. There's been some successes but mostly delays in a vaccine rollout. And now it's looking like more and more that's the stimulus might be caught in gridlock here in the U.S. Regardless of whether you're looking at half full or half empty glass, very few outlooks are expecting the business environment to be much different by the end of the first quarter. So for us, when it comes to first quarter 2021, we're inorganic in the 3% to 4% range, and we're seeing expense saving similar to fourth quarter 2020, call it another $600 million – excuse me, $60 million. If that happens, and we could again show margin expansion over about 500 basis points. Then looking towards second, third and fourth quarters of 2021, it gets a little more tricky when you do your models, because the slope of the recovery is still uncertain and we're getting through – we're already realizing substantial COVID induced expense savings beginning early in April of 2020. But if the recovery steps up in those quarters and we get back to organic of, say, high 4% or 5%, it does give us a path towards holding full year margins, especially if travel and entertainment remains limited. Now, all of this needs to be taken into context. In 2017, 2018 and 2019, we were expanding margins 50 to 75 basis points a year on organic in that 4% to 5% range. Then the COVID hits, we execute on our cost containment playbook, and still managed to grow organic 3% that pops margins over 400 basis points in the face of this global pandemic. So now what I'm saying is that we have a fighting chance to hold or even improve full year margins here in 2021 on the prospect of getting closer to pre-pandemic organic growth later in the year. To me, that's still about a bullish story as you could write. Now, if we move to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website, on Page 2, the blue fourth quarter column, you'll see most of the items are consistent with what we provided during our December IR Day, and that's in the gray column. FX came in a $0.01 better and severance and integration costs also a $0.01 better when you compare that to the prior quarters. Also on Page 2 in the reddish column, we're now providing our quarterly look at 2021, a few comments. First, foreign exchange. With the U.S. dollar weakening and if it stays that way throughout the year, 2021 revenue could see $100 million tailwind in brokerage and $14 million in risk management. Wouldn't be much EPS impact within risk management, but could translate late into a $0.05 or so for our brokerage segment, and that would even be better on reported EBITDA. Second, amortization expense. We're currently forecasting a little over $100 million a quarter in brokerage, which includes all announced mergers to-date. You can see the role in revenues associated with all announced mergers to-date on Page 5. And then also don't forget to adjust your amortization expense in the second and later quarters to reflect any future M&A you might be including in your model. Third, when you look at M&A multiples shown on Page 2 on the last line of the table, like that said, we had an active December closing ten. Three of which were on the larger end of our typical tuck-in size. That pushed the multiple up a tuner so this year, but still creating a nice arbitrage to our trading multiple. More importantly, it brings some really terrific merger partners to the team letting us grow better together over the long-haul. When you move to Page 3 of the CFO commentary in the corporate table, when you compare our December IR Day estimates in the gray column with our fourth quarter results in the blue column, you posted favorable interest expense due to strong cash flows, we had better clean energy earnings, in line M&A expense and a slightly more favorable corporate line. Also on Page 3, we're now providing a first look at 2021 ranges for the corporate segment, and that's in the reddish column. Nothing surprising and there's no change on our outlook for clean energy, still in that $60 million to $75 million of annual after tax earnings we've provided during our IR Day. So this brings me to my vignette on clean energy. You read on Page 4, Note 5 of the CFO commentary document that these investments are winding down at the end of 2021, unless there's an extension. That means in 2022, we will have zero GAAP earnings. But remember, that would be more than replaced with substantial cash flow benefits. In other words, 2021 and prior years were the credit generation years when we report the GAAP benefit or P&L. But 2022 starts the cash harvest years, where we will get considerably larger cash benefits in our operating cash flows. Here's the shortcut way to think about how to compete those cash benefits. First, if you go to Page 14 of the earnings release about the seventh line down in our balance sheet, you’ll read that we have a deferred tax asset of over $1 billion, mostly consisting of clean energy credit carry forwards. With one more year of credit generation, that asset should grow by another $100 million. So call it $1.1 billion of credit carry over is by the end of 2021. Then assuming 2022, we will begin using more credits than we’ve been using thus far. How – third, then how fast we’ll be using those credits will depend on how fast we grow our U.S. taxable income. But for this illustration, and if you assume a seven-year period, it might mean we’d be harvesting about $125 million to $150 million in 2022 with that ramping up to say about $175 million to $200 million in 2028. It’s a little odd that GAAP earnings go to zero and then the cash benefits become dramatically better, but that’s just how it works. This is and has been a really important part of our story over the last decade. So I think it was worth some extra time today. All right, let me go on to some comments on cash in M&A. At December 31, available cash on hand was nearly $700 million. We have a significant untapped capacity in our – on our revolving credit facility. And we have another year ahead of us have really strong cash flows. That might mean that we would have perhaps two point – up to $2.5 billion of M&A capacity here in 2021. That’s a terrific position as we come into our year that we see as perhaps the most active year ever in the brokerage M&A space. Okay. That’s wraps up 2020 and we’re positioned really well for 2021. Organic looks better, bolt-on M&A, it looks better. We have a decent chance of keeping a large chunk of our cost savings, assuming – harvesting cash flows from our clean energy initiatives. And most important, I can feel our team’s excitement about coming out of the pandemic stronger than ever before. My thanks to them for another fantastic year. Back to you, Pat.
J. Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Operator, let’s go to questions and answers if we can.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question Doug, I appreciate the color by speaking provide on the expense savings. So as we continue to think about I guess coming out of COVID, I know last quarter, I believe you guys had said, right, kind of when things settled that half of the state could persist and maybe think about some level between half and the $60 million, I guess I’m just talking about brokerage in kind of the middle two quarters of 2021. Do those figures, I guess I would assume that they still seem about right given where we sit today.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think your recollection is right. It was I did say as, it’s that there was a silver lining coming out of something so terrible, and that’s we’ve learned a lot about ourselves. I think that ultimately we think there’s $125 million to $150 million of annual cost savings that we might, that we’re pulling forward earlier into our continued march on margin improvement. As it emerges for the quarters this year, it really is a kind of a sensitive interplay between organic and then just really what happens with the economy. We’ll follow our customer’s expectations. We are learning that they are much more receptive now to virtual interactions allows to get our niche expertise at the point of sale, easier than jumping on an airplane or in spending days traveling. So we are learning a lot in that, but we will follow our customers’ expectations. How that exactly plays out in the second and third and fourth quarters really depends on how fast organic moves from that 3% to 4% range up into maybe the 5% or 6% range.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That’s helpful. And then on the M&A environment, so you guys mentioned, right, you posed a couple of larger deals to end December, right. The two of us, the multiples on the $300 million of revenue within those 30 term sheets that you guys mentioned. Can you just give us a sense like kind of the skew are there any larger ones in there? Or is it more just kind of the typical smaller bolt-on deals that you guys focused on of late as well?
Doug Howell: Yes, I would say that just clarifying that we had some larger tuck-in ones at the end of the December call in revenues that $20 million, $25 million range. The deal sheets that we’re looking at right now, $300 million of revenue spread across 30, 35 term sheets, they’re in the smaller range, nice local family owned entrepreneurial businesses. The range is lower than where we are right now for year. So I would see us back kind of more where we were in the second, third – first, second and third quarters.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then can you give us an update on Capsicum, your reinsurance business, I guess, where that sits at the end of the year. How that’s been trending from both a growth and margin perspective?
Doug Howell: Yes, it’s doing really well. We couldn’t be more pleased with the team. Pat can talk about some of the cultural excitement that we have on that. But financially, they’re growing in double-digit still; their margins are north of 30%. We see terrific opportunities for that business.
J. Gallagher: As you know, this is my second go around. This was a lot better.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last question, Doug. Is there a chance that there isn’t any kind of extender bill that would extend your ability? I know you gave us a lot of helpful color assuming that you can’t generate any credits beyond the end of this year. Is there a chance that there could be any extended bill or I guess, most likely not at this point?
Doug Howell: Sure. I always think there’s a chance. And I think that when Congress said about this, about helping us get better in burning some fossil fuel. They wanted help in making it better. So as long as we’re going to be using it, let’s make it better. So I think they see that, and I think they see the opportunity for this to continue to help innovate. So we hope that there’s some – there are some proposed legislative changes that would – that possibly could make the extension happen. So we’re hopeful for that. And we certainly are trying to get that message on everybody’s desk that we can.
Elyse Greenspan: Hey, thanks, Doug and Pat for the color.
J. Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks and good afternoon. Thinking about the sales pipeline, I’ve been trying to contemplate, I guess, in my mind, clients would have hunkered down early on in COVID and been less likely to change brokers or to really contemplate a move like that. Does it feel like people are just getting more comfortable with the world we live in today and that’s opening up or when we think about the past from 3% to 4% organic growth to 5% to 6% organic growth? Are we just waiting for the economy to improve and the shops to get in the arms so everyone can get back out there and living.
J. Gallagher: Well, Phil, this is Pat. There’s a lot of answers to your question. So let me back up a little bit. First of all, did the clients hunker down? You start with March of last year and the answer, that’s, yes. Having said that they have a lot of needs and a lot of requests, so we were running webinars around COVID return to work all kinds of different as cyber would have you blew my mind, thousands of people signed up. And it was not unusual for us to run a webinar with 5,000 attendees. I mean, I’d never heard of such a thing. So there’s a huge thirst for information, which helped our people, of course, know exactly some of the hot buttons that they should be talking to potential clients and to get out. And I was amazed. I really would have told you that I thought maybe new business would have hunkered down. I didn’t think our lost business would increase because of that. In fact, it’s amazing to me, that kind of new business that we did generate. So I think that it gives us a lot of confidence to sell the kind of business we sold last year. And you’d get some fall over from 2019 into the first quarter, maybe a little in the second quarter, but everything from May on was really generated after the first of the year, so really a incredible new business year. Secondly, are we seeing the advent potentially of people beginning to come back into the businesses? I think, yes. I think we’re seeing that there is going to end whether stimulus happens or not. I think businesses have learned how to do this tick just to look at your local restaurants. And I had a better a year ago, they weren’t March, they might, they’re not going to survive. Take out. It’s not making them robust, but they’re surviving and they’re ready. I mean, in the Chicago land area, now we can go to restaurants again, they have very limited occupancy, but they are ready. They’re welcoming. They want people back and people are excited about it. So I think the pent up demand for people to be able to go do things is also going to be helpful. Then lastly, let’s not forget something. I’ve told you guys this a thousand times, I don’t like hard markets and I get it. They all look good on paper what have you, but they tick every customer off. And they’re suffering through this right now, because they don’t really have a choice. But they are going to shop. And we are there for them to understand that both our data capabilities, as well as our professional niche capabilities and our ability to work them through the process of taking more risk, becoming more self-insured, that's our bread and butter. We're better at that than anybody. So I think that, that is it's all of those combined that leads me to believe that we see a very robust new business year ahead in 2021 and 2022.
Phil Stefano: Okay. Thanks. And switching gears a bit, I feel like the dividend is something that we don't really talk about, but I was a bit surprised by the extent of the raise in the past week or so. Is there a long-term growth rate that you target a payout ratio, or maybe you can just refresh our understanding on how you think about the dividend?
J. Gallagher: Yes, I mean, we just pop it up a little bit more yesterday. We did raise, I think it's an indication that our cash flows are very strong. We typically raise it a few cents and then maybe a little bit more and sit there for a year or so. But I think there was a vote of confidence by the board that said that let's take that dividend up just a little bit more this week. So we did that. And so we'll look at that every year, but we agreed with the observations that cash is strong. So let's increase the dividend.
Phil Stefano: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Good early evening. I guess first question on expenses, I know we've talked about this a lot but it's just – it's been phenomenal. And so I try to understand do you feel that a lot of these expenses that will persist are kind of more Gallagher’s specific and it'll give you a leg up on your competitors, or like do you feel like a lot of these things are things that just your competitors are going to catch up to you eventually, you're just a kind of first mover. I know that's maybe a complicated question, but just trying to get a sense of whether this kind of gives you a advantage that'll persist versus peers or others just are going to kind of follow you guys, but just will take some time?
Doug Howell: All right. So let's break this into a couple of things. Let me talk about who our competitor, 90% of the time we're competing with somebody that's smaller than us, right? So when you look at the – where are we really getting leverage? I think there we're getting leverage because of our scale, especially relative to that, but that level of competitive, the smaller ones that we compete with day in and day out. I think we have opportunities to continue to use our lower cost labor locations and our centers of excellence. I think our ability in order to rationalize our real estate footprint I think that we can buy goods and services cheaper. I think our ability to automate many of the interactions with the clients and with our own employees all of those things, I would say that Gallagher is positioned. We have a common agency management system in most of our countries, in most of our businesses. Those are things that we believe that we will continue to bring scale advantages versus our smaller competitors. How do I feel about it comparing to, let's say the other top 10 brokers, first of all, you got to pick the ones that have the culture that want to work together and make it happen. And then you've got to pick the ones that haven't already gone down this journey to see whether or not there yet or not. But we think that we're in really terrific place to continue to leverage our technologies and our scale compared to most of our competitions. So I don't know if they're catching up or if they're already there or they just don't have the culture to pull it off.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That’s helpful, Doug. Did you more straight forward question, free cash flow for 2021, did you site kind of an estimate for what we should expect?
Doug Howell: I didn't, but I said that we probably could do about up to $2.5 billion in M&A for this year. So if you break that apart, we've got $700 million on hand. And if you look at our operating cash flows being somewhere in the $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion range something like that, I think. And then you borrow a little bit more so that's how you get to the $2.5 billion.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just lastly curious a broker that reported earnings earlier today, kind of actually talked about stepping on the gas on hiring and taking advantage of some of the M&A that's just taking place in the industry. Just curious, are you seeing any increased opportunities on the hiring side?
J. Gallagher: Definitely seeing opportunities from two areas, Doug mentioned that 90% of the time we compete, we compete with smaller brokers and the smaller brokers have the problem of just simply not having the capabilities that clients are starting to ask for. And these can be simple questions, like, how do I know? How do I know you just gave me the best deal? When I was out selling 30 years ago on a daily basis that would be answered by saying, I went to three carriers. This is the best price that does not float today. They want to know what you're doing with clients, what carriers are doing at, where the ranges are, what their loss ratio looks like to bear to others. They want detail, they want data. Smaller people can't do that. So what you've got is folks that are losing accounts to the likes of ourselves, and we're out telling them, why wouldn't you come to a place that's happy to pay you, for what you hunt and kill. And at the same time, you have all the support and the capabilities in the world. We can write any account of any size, no matter where it's located in the world and that's very attractive. And then of course, there's always opportunities as larger competitors, we clearly believe we offer a cultural difference.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. You may proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Good afternoon. Just a follow-up on Mike's question, I don't know, if I missed it in the prepared remarks. The free cash flow for 2020 was what?
Doug Howell: For 2020, our free cash flow in operating – free operating cash flow be about $1.4 billion this year in the cash flow statement, when we file our 10-K in a week, you'll see it's around $1.4 billion.
Greg Peters: And so you said the guidance for 2021 is $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. Was there some one-time benefits that floats through in 2020 that you're not going to realize in 2021, otherwise I would normally expect the free cash flow to grow, if you're growing your top line and bottom line, I expect free cash flow to grow. And what am I missing?
Doug Howell: I don't think it will appreciably change significantly in 2020 versus 2021, we will grow at – if we hold margins in there, we're going to grow based on not including acquisitions in that number. So if the cash flows off the acquisitions, we will also – that too…
Greg Peters: So then just to close the loop on your previous comments, when you said in 2022 that you'll drive, was it $125 million cash benefit from the pull down of the tax credit?
Doug Howell: In 2022, yes?
Greg Peters: I can assume whatever free cash flow growth I have off of 2021 on an operating basis. And then just add on an additional $125 million. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Doug Howell: Yes, if you factor in mergers. Yes, that's a fair way.
Greg Peters: Okay. The second question I had listen, I know you've comment on this before, and you were sort of dancing around it in the prepared remarks and the Q&A. But you just talked about an 8% rate increase across your entire footprint. And you talked about, terms and conditions being changed – changing. I'm just curious about your customers and how they're dialing up retentions reducing limits to offset the price. And I guess what I'm really trying to gauge is how does it look here at year end 2020 verse how it was looking at year end 2019?
J. Gallagher: Well, I think it's continuing to get stronger, Greg. This is Pat. I think that, look, if we're telling you that, basically we're seeing rate increases of around 8% and organic is about 3.5%. You see a 5% difference where to go. Well it went to modification of what the purchase – with the purchasers buying. And that's our job. I mean we sit down with these guys and say, men and women, and say, look here are your options, you had $250 million of limits last year. We could show you the stats that would be a very unusual claim to break the $150 million barrier. Do you need that extra $100 million? And we help them work through that. Retentions are a very big part of it. And a big part of it is, and this is where our history comes from, clients that enter self-insurance for the first time. I don't understand this, what's the deal. Well, why don't you take a $150,000 retention and you'll basically save ex on the transaction that you'll only have to pay, if you do have the claims. Now, let’s really focus on loss control. So, I don’t need to get too detailed with you, but that’s really – that’s what we do for a living.
Greg Peters: Right. Well, I guess, what I was – I had assumed that the difference between the eight and the three was a combination of retentions, reduced limits and reduced economic activity, but maybe, I was overthinking there.
J. Gallagher: Okay. That’s fair. That’s fair. Yes, I look out the economic activity. That’s fair.
Greg Peters: Okay. The final – I guess the final thing and I know you’ve been talking about M&A, but listen, the dirty little, not so big of a secret is the two – number two and number three are out there and the merger dance. And it feels like that is an opportunity for dislocation for customers being unhappy for you to bank new hires, et cetera. And so I guess from the time that they announced this thing back in March of last year to now, have you seen anything in the marketplace that’s disruptive that you see as an opportunity or is the disruption, if there is any going come later in this process?
J. Gallagher: So Greg, let me, obviously, I’m not going to talk about our competitors and I – but I’ve said to you many times, change is good for us. And when we move to further consolidation of three players at the top end of the spectrum and our name happens to be one of them, there’s lots and lots, and lots of opportunities along the lines of everything you’re talking about. There’s clients that have never really talked to Gallagher that we’re going to have a shot at. I mean, if you go back in time and I went to the RIMS Conference 100 years ago, nobody came by our booth. We’ve got 5,000 people that show up to our RIMS Conference virtually. I mean, there’s interest. And so really, it’s – we’re in a very, very good position.
Greg Peters: Got it. I probably got a little too cute on the question, sorry about that, but thanks for your answers.
J. Gallagher: Sure. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good evening. I guess my first question, just trying to tie the organic growth to margins next year. So, I would think there are different ways to get the 4% to 5% organic growth, and each of those potentially, has a very different impact on margins, namely, if you’re getting more of that organic growth through rate versus exposure unit growth. So maybe, you can talk about that a little bit. And then on the flip side, I think in the past you used to talk about, of needing to get at least 3% organic in order to keep margins stable. How should we think about, let’s say a 3% organic growth for – if you achieve that in 2021, what does that mean for margins?
Doug Howell: All right. The workload, the difference in workload on a customer that is adding exposure units, i.e. adding vehicles or changing miles, isn’t significant whether they’re adding a couple of failures. So, the workload associated with a rate increase that comes from exposure units. Not that much more. If it comes from additional rate, that means we want to go out and shop more, we’ll take a little bit more effort, but because of our efficiencies, we can do that at a pretty low cost month. So, just the number of policies or the exposure units or a modest rate increase or decrease doesn’t change our workload that much. So, I wouldn’t say that that would have a significant impact on margin if you’re kind of in that 2% to 4% range on rates and exposures. When you’re asking the next part of the question about when – where do we see the kind of the old tried and true line, if you grow organically 3%, is there margin lift in it? Yes, I think there is, is it – in this year in 2021, since we were up 400 basis points in margin this year alone, I think that’d be pretty tough to get a 3%.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So, beyond 2021 though, if you do achieve 3% organic growth, even though the bar is so much higher today, you can still achieve margin improvement even with that.
Doug Howell: Yes. we’ve moved that to 3% to 4% over the number of years. As our margins are getting over 30%, there’s just not as much there to harvest as our technologies get rolled up. As our scale grows, we’ll be able to have margin improvement on those tuck-in acquisitions that can come onto our chassis can use our technologies. It’s really more about selling more than it is necessarily about making more margin. but there would be upward tick. Do I see that in at 3% organic growth in 2022? I don’t know if we’d have that much more margin expansion.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Doug Howell: Do it for five years in a row. Sure, there could be some.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then was this step-up in Gallagher’s margins was a good portion of that being retained. How do you think about the – about acquisitions and potential targets? I would think that the bar to clear there could be significantly higher that your margins are higher today.
Doug Howell: If they’re running good margins for the business that they’re in and they show a prospect for growth, we’ll buy them regardless of whether it’s dilutive to all our margin if they come in. they are what they are and if we can improve their margins, terrific; if they’re already at the upper end of the scale, then terrific. But they just happened to be in a space that requires a significant amount of service that maybe, it will say that their margins are 22%, but they have a good growth. We’ll still buy them. And we’ll let you know, we’ve done that in the past, where we’ve said a role in impact of acquisitions had X, Y, or Z impact on our margins.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thank you.
Doug Howell: Sure. Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Montemaden with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
David Montemaden: Thanks. Good evening. Just a question on P&C exposure units; in the press release, it sounded like, we’re continuing to see an increase in exposure versus April and May 2020, which not a big surprise. but I guess I’m wondering how exposure units were trending thus far this year relative to 4Q, obviously a tough comp year-over-year. but are we continuing to see an improvement in exposure units in 4Q or is it sort of flattened out thus far in January?
J. Gallagher: They’re flat in January.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that we’ve kind of bounced off the bottom. We’re not seeing significant daily step-up. We are seeing – we look at our global positive endorsements that go through on our policies on every day. And we can see that that’s still showing a nice upward trend similar to pre-pandemic, but you weren’t seeing massive exposure unit growth a year ago in the – fourth quarter of 2019 or early into 2020. You weren’t seeing it there. but there is a steady increase. There’s been a bounce off the bottom and we would expect throughout 2021 and 2022 as the economy recovers that those exposure and this would go back up also, but not much different today than let’s say, in December.
David Montemaden: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then I’m just – I guess I’m wondering, after we’ve gotten through some of the renewals here in January, I guess, are you seeing any movement on the commission rates? And I guess just conversations around contingents and supplementals, maybe, an update on how those are looking.
J. Gallagher: Yes. I think that commission rates and the like are solid. We’re not having pressure from our carrier partners to try to diminish their payment to their distributors and as far as contingents and supplemental. So, we think we’ll have a solid year, some growth this year.
David Montemaden: Great, thank you.
J. Gallagher: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes of Truist. You may proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Gallagher: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Why the rebound in risk management, I wonder if you could break that into pieces, more claims, more employees, new business. How does that shake out?
J. Gallagher: Yes. well, I think Doug, if you want to granular to the percent, I can’t do that. but it’s – you hit right on it, Mark. I mean, we’ve got claims are recovering. We mentioned in our prepared remarks that COVID claims in particular have helped out. The economic activity people are adding more folks and those are the factors that produce claims. So, as we get people driving, as we get people going back to work, they will come back to more normal levels. And we don’t hope to get more COVID claims, but they are filling a hole in the bucket right now.
Doug Howell: And they had a terrific new business here, too. It’s starting to incept. you saw that we had some. It’s been a couple of million or a million or so on some new client ramp up costs as we transitioned to them. We’ve got a solid outlook for this year of being back and been single digits maybe, this year. So that team has done a terrific job of new business wins too. Didn't hit a ton this year, but it will next year.
Mark Hughes: How are you thinking about the open-broker, it sounds like that was particularly strong in the fourth quarter. Is that continued into Q1?
J. Gallagher: Yes, it's continued. It's very strong, Mark. I mean, you understand wholesaling is a business that has an awful lot of market leverage up and down. So we were in a very firm property market, in particular our team. And this is – what's exciting about this is, these brokers do not want to go to wholesalers. It's not a friendly business in the sense that we're looking to give you one-third of our commission. So they're providing an unbelievable service to the brokerage community, with whom we trade about 15,000 in the United States alone. And those people need help and we're giving them help and that's why along with rate. So we're getting at both in item count and rate just by being ready to be very, very helpful.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
J. Gallagher: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome, [Managing Director]. You may proceed with your question.
Paul Newsome: Good afternoon. I wanted to ask, tell me a little bit more about your comment, about the lack of shopping by the customers. I mean, I think of a hard market is one with increased shopping, but one of your comments seem to square with every company I cover where the retention levels seem to be really unchanged through the last couple of years. Why do you think we haven't seen the increase in shopping? Why do you think the customers seem to be just kind of taking rate and moving on?
J. Gallagher: Well, Paul, again my comment was predicated on two things. To start within the pandemic, I didn't think customers would be having people knocking on their door as much as they do right now. And as much as they did in 2019. And I think that as they started to ferret their way through, what's going to go on in this pandemic themselves, they were willing to very much hunker down and say, I've got a good insurance program, this is where it is. I don't have – I've got to be considering my own survival tactics. And I surmised there'd be less shopping of our existing business. Now I was right a little bit. It certainly didn't stop shopping. It wasn't like everything came to a grounding halt. But if you're a good broker and we've got really good competition in this market. In our hard market, you early on explained to your client that if you are unhappy with hard market and you want to be really unhappier, shop the hell out of it, because you're going to get slaughtered. And in fact hard market shopping does decreased, pardon me. Unfortunately, as things ease up a bit, people are unhappy and it tends to increased shopping. So right now we're in a very firm and firming market, and people understand that they need our expertise. And it also does scare some of those little competitors that we compete with 90% of the time out of being so bold as to say they can do better than we do, pretty tough to prove it.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think there's a flight to quality. I think that when you sit down and look at what you get from Gallagher, get more and how do you get more from us? You get price, you get service, you get access, you get creativity, you get innovation. It's pretty hard to leave that if you don't have competition knocking on the door that can offer that. So I think it's a different era from when you and I were cutting our teeth Paul, that it basically as small, small brokers competing with small brokers offering kind of the same thing, you get so much more from Gallagher today, than you ever got before.
J. Gallagher: And another thing piling in on that. Once you show someone how to get through these days and primarily by doing what we do so well, which is help people deal with assuming risk, bringing Gallagher Bassett into help pay the claims, mitigating those claims and showing them that in the long term, they've really garnered a lot more control of their destiny. You never lose those clients. A client that moves from the traditional first dollar purchase into any form of self-insurance pooling with other public entities, moving into a group, captive doing their own single parent captive, taking a large retention on their worker's comp in a very heavy employee state. Once you do that for them, it shifts the game completely.
Paul Newsome: Makes sense. Switching to a different topic. Obviously with the change in the quick tax rates potentially going away, we're probably looking at a change in how we value your company, plus on earnings, more of something else like free cash flow. I guess my question is, is free cash flow the right number, is operating cash flow the right number. I'm just curious is I know their customer usually get intertwined with yours in the measurements and what's your theory on how we should measure cash flow if we have the proper way to do it?
Doug Howell: Yes. Great. I think that's a terrific question. And all right, first, I still believe that EBITDA gives a good proxy for how to value a broker. Then you just have to back off the cash taxes paid. And interest expense, of course, and the cash tax was paid, an interest shield on that. But if you basically start with EBITDA, you're going to get pretty close to the way, and that's been a traditional way. So what does that mean for Gallagher is that we've said this for years, we're still pay taxes. People sometimes think that we're not paying our fair share. That's not the case at all. We've still pay taxes. It runs about, I said this, if you go back to when tax changed that we are – we think that we're going to pay in that 5% to 6% to 7% of EBITDA range just as a proxy. We're probably at that same range, even if tax rates go up to 28% from 21%, it would be a book rate differential. It wouldn't really be a cash difference. If the Biden tax measures were put in place, it might cost us 10 million bucks a year in taxes, more Paul, but it wouldn't be a huge number. The value of tax credits become more valuable if tax rates go up. So really for Gallagher to take our EBITDA, back off our CapEx, back off our interest expense and put in 7% or 8% for cash taxes paid and you get pretty close to the cash flow amount for Gallagher. I might've missed something in there, but I think I got most of the pieces in that, but I would start with EBITDA still.
Paul Newsome: Fantastic. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Paul.
J. Gallagher: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. You may proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Good evening. One small question, one big one. Are the claims that you're seeing recover in Gallagher basket, sorry, Gallagher Bassett. Are any of those, like just late reported claims that occurred earlier, or that just now you're seeing more claims because of COVID or because of rising economic activity?
J. Gallagher: More claims rising out of better economic activity. And the addition of COVID claims, which was a category that didn't exist a year ago.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. And then bigger picture, Pat, you talked about Gallagher's ability to write any clients to actually win those clients. Didn't need to a more extensive set of consulting services comparable to the brokers that are bigger than you?
J. Gallagher: Yes, we do. [indiscernible] I’m sorry when it was?
Meyer Shields: No. When you said we do, is that we – the Gallagher has those services or needs them in the same proportion?
J. Gallagher: No. No. We do. We've got them. I mean, Doug was going to go down the line. If you take a look at our verticals, our niche capabilities, I mean, we don't stand second to anybody and I can go through the list of those. We provided every time we get a chance, but, you take a public sector client anywhere in the world, you take a college or university we had some great college and university wins in the last month. Names that if I throw them out, which I won't today, you'd go, wow. And I'm talking on a global basis. We'll be probably the largest provider of college and university risk management advice in Australia. So you're not going to be winning those types of accounts. We're very – we've gotten much stronger in terms of our benefits capabilities. When you take a look at what we do on the consulting work for health and welfare alone, but also all the other human resource needs. I mean, we're clearly a top three consultant in that regard. So, no, I mean, look, we know that over 90% of our business falls include, defined niches, which we have expertise that we think is frankly, better than our large competitors.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Excellent. Thanks so much.
J. Gallagher: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I was just hoping, is there any way you can help frame for us what the ceiling on the brokerage organic growth – brokerage organic margin – brokerage margin might be?
J. Gallagher: Phil, that's a tough question. I'd rather not, but I think that the answer is, it's just such an interplay between organic service expectation by our clients, and then in underlying inflation too that we face every day and certain of that. Right now, we're in a low wage inflation environment. We've kind of been in a low wage inflation environment since really 2007, 2008. We're getting more efficient with scale. Technology costs are coming down; on the other hand there are costs that more specific technical expertise costs more. Getting smarter people on your payroll that can handle some of the really, really technical aspects of what's going on, systems there's cost inflation and systems right now, so it's a tough, tough answer, but you're seeing the brokerage business somehow is running around 30 points plus or minus two points right now. That's the way it's running. You look across Austin and the other large Publix, and you look at the PE owned firms. There's a number around 30% plus or minus a couple of p0oints there.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Fair enough. I figured I'd give it a try. Thank you.
J. Gallagher: Thanks Phil.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you have reached your...
J. Gallagher: I think that's all our questions, yes.
Operator: Yes. I would like to turn it back over to you, Mr. Gallagher for closing remarks.
J. Gallagher: Thanks. And thank you again, everyone for joining us this afternoon. We mentioned this in our prepared remarks, but we delivered an excellent quarter and full year, and we all know how difficult the economic environment was. So I would like to thank all of our Gallagher professionals around the globe for being flexible, working hard and never losing focus on our job at hand. I'm competent that we can deliver another great year of financial performance in 2021, and truly believe that as an enterprise, we are just getting started. So thanks for being with us folks. We appreciate it.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-31 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at any time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the security laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in the company’s 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more detail on its forward-looking statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2020 earnings call. Also on the call today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We delivered a very strong third quarter. Despite the current global health crisis and the related economic slowdown resulting from COVID-19, our teams continue to execute at the highest levels. While we continue to place health and safety first, we are selling new business, we are servicing and retaining our clients, we continue to look at merger and acquisition opportunities and our bedrock culture keeps us working together even while physically apart. These are times when our global capabilities, niche expertise and product specialists support our local professionals as they help our customers navigate these challenging times. I’d like to thank our 30,000-plus Gallagher professionals for their efforts and relentless focus on delivering the very best Insurance Brokerage, Consulting and Risk Management services our customers. That is the Gallagher way. Moving to our third quarter financial performance. We grew our combined Brokerage and Risk Management revenues in the third quarter organically and through mergers and acquisitions, and together with our expense control efforts, delivered excellent growth in EBITDAC and net earnings. These results demonstrate our operating flexibility, which has enabled us to quickly adjust our expense base, optimize our workforce, improve our productivity while also raising our quality. Let me break down our results further, starting with our brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was a positive 8.3%. Of that, more than half or 4.2% was organic revenue growth. We did have some favorable timing, I’ll discuss that more in a minute. Net earnings margin was up 334 basis points, and adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 632 basis points to 33.4%. Net earnings up 37% and adjusted EBITDAC up 32%, so another excellent quarter during a global pandemic, a fantastic job by the team. Let me walk you around the world and give you some sound bites about each of our brokerage units, and I’ll start with our P/C operations. In U.S. retail, another strong quarter with organic growth of about 4%. We saw solid new business and slightly better retention versus last year’s third quarter. Rate increases are more than offsetting exposure unit declines, midterm policy modifications, including full policy cancellations, are similar to prior year levels. And our U.S. wholesale operations, risk placement services, organic was 8% and our open brokerage business even better than that, while our MGA program binding businesses returned to positive organic in the quarter. Hereto, rate increases are more than offsetting exposure unit declines. Moving to the UK. Around 2% base organic with stronger growth in our London specialty business due to firmer pricing. In Australia and New Zealand combined, also around 2% organic, with New Zealand slightly stronger than Australia. New business is down a touch in Australia and up in New Zealand. Rate increases there remain positive, but not enough to offset exposure decline. And finally, our Canadian retail operations posted organic of 8%, another terrific new business quarter and stable client retention. So overall, our global P/C operations reported about 4% organic in the quarter, again, an excellent result in a difficult environment and on the higher end of our mid-September expectations. Moving to our employee benefit brokerage and consulting business, third quarter organic was positive 6%. This includes a large life insurance pension funding product sale that we expected to close in the fourth quarter. Otherwise, new consulting and special project work remains soft, while covered lives under employer-sponsored health plans continue to be more resilient than headline unemployment numbers. So when I bring P/C and benefits together, organic of 4.2% and even allowing for the big benefits win, a great quarter. Looking forward to our fourth quarter. First, recall we had a terrific fourth quarter last year, 6% plus organic, so we’re starting off with a tough compare. Second, I just discussed some favorable timing here in the third quarter, so I don’t see us hitting 4% again. But thus far in October, P/C retentions, new business, full policy cancellations and other midterm policy adjustments are in line to slightly better than the third quarter, so perhaps we can read nicely in the 2% to 3% range. That would deliver a full year 2020 around 3% organic, which will be a great year in this environment. While there is still a lot of economic and governmental uncertainty which makes forecasting organic a challenge, we can control what we spend. We’ve demonstrated over the last seven months that we can execute on our cost containment playbook that makes us highly confident we can deliver another quarter and full year of really strong EBITDAC growth. Now let me give you an update on the P/C rate environment. Rate again continued to move higher around the globe during the third quarter. Globally, caught up nearly 7% with tighter terms and conditions and increasingly restrained capacity. By geography, Canada has seen the greatest rate increases, up more than 9%; the U.S. is up about 8%; followed by the UK, including London specialty at about 6%; and Australia and New Zealand, around 3%. By line of business, property remains the strongest, up 12%; next is professional liability, up over 10%; other casualty lines are up 5% to 10%, with umbrella rate increases at least twice that level; and workers’ compensation is flat. So while P/C rates are moving higher, the total amount of premium increases our clients are paying are more modest. This is a result of reduced exposure units, higher deductibles, lower limits and clients opting out of coverages. Looking forward, October results are already indicating continued increases during the fourth quarter, and the carriers in the face of catastrophe, the pandemic, rising casualty loss cost, low investment returns, are making a case for firm rates to persist. But remember, that’s where we excel. Our job is to make sure our clients get a well-structured insurance program at a fair price. Regardless, it is certainly a more difficult market today than last quarter, and we are seeing some pockets of a hard market in certain lines and geographies. I see that continuing into 2021, next year, organic should be better than we are seeing this year play out. Moving on to mergers and acquisitions. We completed five brokerage mergers during the third quarter at fair multiples. I’d like to thank all of our new partners for joining us, and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. As I look at our M&A pipeline, we have more than 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $350 million of annualized revenues, and our pipeline continues to grow. Difficult market conditions in the pandemic are further highlighting the need for expertise and data-driven tools. Our platform is an excellent fit for entrepreneurs looking to support their current clients, use our tools and data to grow their businesses and advance their employees’ careers. Right now, it feels like it will be a more active finish to the year as merger prospects have concerns over possible 2021 tax change. Next, I’d like to move to our risk management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Third quarter organic revenue at minus 5.3% was a bit better than what we said at our September IR day. This is a really nice sequential improvement from second quarter organic being down nearly 10%. And our risk management team also did a fantastic job managing its workforce and controlling costs, delivering third quarter adjusted EBITDAC higher than last year by $1 million. Looking forward, we are seeing October claim counts trending similar to September. While we have experienced a steady climb out of the second quarter bottom, many clients are still operating at partial capacity in claim counts have not yet fully rebounded to last year’s levels. So we’re seeing fourth quarter organic revenues in our Risk Management segment, similar or slightly better than third quarter. And just like our Brokerage segment, we expect to grow our EBITDAC again in the fourth quarter due to expense savings. That means we should deliver on our goal of full year 2020 adjusted EBITDAC coming in better than 2019. That’s just an amazing job by the team. Before I pass it to Doug, I’ll finish with some comments on our bedrock culture. Despite the pandemic challenges, our global colleagues, together as a team, continued to deliver the very best service, expertise and advice to our clients. I believe it’s our unique Gallagher culture that is guiding our team through these challenging times. Specifically, I’m reminded of tenet number 20 of the Gallagher way, we run to our clients’ problems, not away from them. Since my grandfather started the company more than 90 years ago, our people have been solving problems and working hard for clients in both easier and more difficult times. And I can tell you this about our culture, it will guide us through the global pandemic, hurricanes, wildfires and any other obstacle in front of us. Throughout Gallagher’s history, we have emerged as a better, more cohesive company. I believe we will emerge from today’s difficult environment stronger than ever. Okay. I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and hello, everyone. Like Pat said, another excellent quarter. I, too, would like to extend my appreciation to all of our Gallagher colleagues around the globe, what a remarkable job you are doing in these challenging times, servicing our clients, generating new business, all the while executing our cost control playbook. Today, I’ll begin with some comments on organic and the interplay with our cost saving. That seemed to get a lot of questions during our July earnings call and again during our September Investor Day call, so I’ll spend a little more time on that today. I will then provide a few observations from our CFO Commentary document and finish with some thoughts on M&A, cash and liquidity. So all right, let’s go to the earnings release, Page 4, to the brokerage organic table. Now as Pat said, a great quarter with 4.2% all in organic, which equates to about $50 million of organic growth. Then, when you turn to Page 6 to the brokerage EBITDAC table, you see that we grew adjusted EBITDAC by $105 million this quarter. So how do we deliver that $105 million on $50 million of organic? First, about $13 million of EBITDAC came from M&A, net of divestitures. Next, a bit over $30 million came from that $50 million of organic. So that means we saved about $60 million from our cost control playbook. From a margin perspective, all in, we grew adjusted EBITDAC margin about 630 basis points. And then when you do the math, you’ll see that even without the additional expense savings, we expanded margin about 150 basis points, which is impressive in and by itself. In the Risk Management segment, a little easier to compute. Revenues were backwards about $10 million, but EBITDAC grew about $1 million, so cost savings were about $11 million. Combine both segments, you get about $70 million of cost savings, which is at the top end of our estimates provided during our September IR Day and close to what we saved in the second quarter. Let me give you a breakdown of these savings: reduced travel, entertainment and advertising, down about $26 million; reduced consulting and professional fees, down $15 million; reduced outside labor and other workforce actions, $14 million; reduced office supplies, consumables and occupancy costs, about $11 million; and reduced employee benefit and medical plan costs about $4 million. Now when I look towards the fourth quarter, we’re starting to see a slight increase in our producers traveling more to see clients and prospects. We are executing on some targeted marketing and advertising programs and our medical plan utilization continues to return to pre-pandemic levels. But even with that, we’re still seeing savings in that $65 million to $70 million range relative to last year, again, given pro forma affects the roll-in mergers. Now moving to the CFO Commentary document we posted on our investor website. On Page 2, most of the items are consistent with what we provided to you during our September Investor Day. Then on Page 3, in total, the Corporate segment came in about $0.02 better than the midpoint of our September estimate. The interest and banking line, about $0.01 favorable, the acquisition cost line also slightly favorable. The corporate adjusted line, that’s in line with our September midpoint, and you’ll also see we have a small adjustment for a onetime tax expense related to Brexit. We described that a little bit more in Footnote 6 on that same page. Then in terms of clean energy, third quarter came in a bit better, and you’ll also see our fourth quarter estimate is also a bit better. Then on Page 4, you’ll see that we provided our first look at our 2021 estimates based on the preliminary forecasting from our utility partners. It looks like 2021 could be a lot like we’re seeing here this year. And then when you get back to Page 14 of the earnings release, you’ll see that we have about $1 billion of credit carryforwards on our balance sheet at September 30. Remember, those credits are fully earned. And while we are using some currently, the big return comes between 2022 and, say, 2028, when we will use those credits and thereby harvest about $150 million to $200 million of annual cash. Sure, book or GAAP earnings of $60 million to $65 million will go away in 2022, but instead, we’ll have that $150 million to $200 million of cash earnings in those years. As for M&A, you heard Pat say, we have a really strong pipeline. I think there could be a flurry of activity between now and year-end, given what could happen with taxes. So we’re really well positioned for that. We have more than $1.6 billion of liquidity, consisting of available cash on hand of nearly $550 million and more than $1 billion of borrowing power on our revolving credit facility. Okay. Those are my comments. Thanks to the team for another great quarter. I think we are well positioned to pull off a terrific 2020. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. And operator, I think we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks. So I’ll start with a quick numbers question. The timing impact of the large life pension fund product. Did that have any margin bump to it in the quarter or any onetime impact there?
Doug Howell: No more or less than any of our other business. That was in that $30 million. We had $50 million of organic growth. It included the onetime or the sale that we have there. And if you assume about 60 points of margin on that business, you get about $30 million. So no more or less than what the other business has.
Phil Stefano: Okay, got it. And so, Pat, I think it was in your initial comments you made the remark that next year organic should be better than we’re seeing this year play out. And I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the extent to which stimulus plays a role in that and how government support might be a moving mechanism or at least how you felt that impacted you through 2020 to use as a – for us to contemplate in 2021?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think for sure, in 2020, in terms of a pressure release for our clients, as we got into the summer, it was huge. I mean it just – it made a huge difference in terms of giving businesses an ability to keep their employees and to keep their businesses going. And quite honestly, to pay their insurance bills. So I do hope and do believe that stimulus will be brought about in the new year. And I think that, again, will be viewed as a very strong positive for the economy and for our individual businesses. I can’t put a specific number on that, Phil. But anything that keeps the economy chugging along, as you well know, our entire business is predicated on exposure units.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Okay. And the last one I got for you, and it’s an unfair question, so I apologize. But we are getting a lot of questions from our end about the concept of brokerage margin expansion and the extent to which expectations should be up, flat or down for next year. And I mean, it’s something of a crystal ball question, depending on how the economy unfolds and such, but I know that this question is something that’s important to investors’ minds. So if you have any thoughts about how we should contemplate this, it would be appreciated.
Doug Howell: All right. I don’t know if it’s an unfair question or not, but I don’t know if it’s an easy answer. So let me see if I can help you with that. Let’s take a couple of things that we know. First, as I said in my prepared remarks, we should be able to hold most of the expense savings that we’re seeing here in the third quarter when we hit our fourth quarter – in our fourth quarter right now. Then the next question is, let’s go out one more quarter, let’s say, to first quarter 2021. Absent a miracle, I just don’t see that quarter much different than what we’re seeing here in the fourth quarter. So let’s say that we can hold $60 million to $70 million of that, the savings that we’re seeing now. Let’s invest. Now you’ve got to jump way out to 2022. So let’s just go to 2022. I think that we’re turning the pandemic adversity into a real advantage for Gallagher. We’ve learned a lot in the short period about our business and how our clients are operating, so over the next 15 months, we believe a good portion of those savings that we’re seeing now could become permanent. So let’s call that half or $30 million. So that leaves really what happens in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021 to fill in. The answer to that, I believe, kind of lies somewhere in between. I should have a better answer when we get to our December IR Day, but we’ll stick to the $60 million to $70 million or $65 million to $70 million, we’ll figure that out here over the next six weeks and have a better answer for you in December. Regardless, if you get out to 2022, we believe there could be over $100 million of savings, annualized savings, that we might not have realized by 2022 had there not been a pandemic. So it has pulled together our efforts to relook at our business and change some of the ways that we operate. So there will be permanent savings there relative to where we would have gotten on our own, let’s say, without a pandemic, by 2022. How that actually emerges in 2021? I’ll have a better idea as we go through our budget and planning process over the next six weeks. So I hope that helps, it gets you a part way. I don’t know if it’s a complete answer, but that’s what we know right now.
Phil Stefano: That’s better than I hoped for. Thank you. It’s perfect.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Our next question is from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question, I guess, kind of picking up on that margin question. So that kind of helps us think through the expenses, but then the second portion, is that, Pat alluded to, organic revenue growth in 2021, he feels like should be better than 2020, right, which you guys essentially end up at around 3%? And so this quarter, right you saw about 150 basis points of margin improvement off of your organic revenue growth. So how do we think of that component of the margin, right? So you’re growing organically over 3% next year, what’s the component of underlying margin improvement that we should think about adding on to whatever expenses can be utilized?
Doug Howell: I think that you’ll see – if we hit 3% of organic growth next year, absent all these savings, there’s a 0.5 point to 3.25 point of margin expansion in that 3% number next year. If it’s 4%, maybe we get back closer to a full point, which isn’t all that dissimilar to what we are running pre-pandemic. Now if you draw a line between 2017, we are marching up in margin every year. And you draw that line out to 2022, whatever you would have gotten in 2022, add another $100 million, $120 million of savings to that, and you’ll get pretty close to where we think the margin would be in 2022. So our March forward hasn’t changed on the base organic piece.
Elyse Greenspan: Was there anything though then that was one-off that you saw 150 basis points this quarter? I mean, obviously, there could be quarterly seasonality on, I guess, 4% organic growth or 3% ex the onetime item?
Doug Howell: Well, I think when we’re at 4.2% organic this quarter, I think you did – we would see over 1 point of margin expansion. That’s probably not out of whack for other quarters in the past where it’s 4.2%, but nothing that really pops out at me. We did have some headcount savings in there. Our hiring hasn’t been as robust as it has in the past. Raises have been deferred a little bit though. That might influence a little bit, but there’s nothing onetime in there that I would point to.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that’s helpful. Then a couple of questions on M&A. The first one, I believe at your last IR Day was alluded to some – like modestly larger deals, I want to say in the $25 million range, that you thought could come to fruition. By looking at the activity this quarter, that hasn’t happened. So are those some of the deals, I guess, that you guys alluded to that maybe could come to fruition in the fourth quarter as deals get done in advance of potential track changes?
Doug Howell: That’s right. There are two nice $25 million revenue acquisitions that were nearly done with due diligence on. We’ve had Board approval on it, and we hope to get them wrapped up between now and the end of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my last question. So as we think about larger M&A, it’s been a few years, like Gallagher expanded internationally, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK. And so if you guys are going to consider another larger transaction, Doug, you alluded to the debt capacity as well as cash that you have, if there is a sizable deal in the market that perhaps you chose to use more of your equity than you have in the recent times, would there be certain metrics, be it revenue, earnings accretion or something that you guys would be looking to, if it was a more sizable transaction that potentially required the use of your own equity?
Doug Howell: Yes. We do the traditional review of that to make sure that it wasn’t dilutive that there were synergies that could take out of it. But really, to be honest, Elyse, we like our tuck-in merger strategy. This is our opportunity to pick every single one that wants to join the family. We have that. We have fair multiples on those that we’re paying for them. We integrate much better into one another. We like our small tuck-in strategy at this point, and there’s lots and lots of opportunity for that, so.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think that’s a key point, Elyse. This is Pat. When you look at the top 100 in business insurance in the United States alone that doesn’t recognize the rest of the world, you still have another 19,000 to 25,000, maybe even 30,000 firms out there that are not in that top 100. And a good portion of those are still owned by baby boomers. So our – the opportunity to do these tuck-ins is just way, way greater than the large play.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. I appreciate all the colors. Thanks, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Good afternoon. Just a couple of follow-on questions. If you were pointing to, I think, Page 5 or 6 of your press release – 6, where you go through the adjusted EBITDAC margin. And I think through the nine months Doug, you reported a 33.6% EBITDAC margin on an adjusted basis. And I know you’re doing a good job of chronicling how much of the savings are going to – should extend themselves beyond just the opportunity you’ve had this year. At what point do you hit that threshold where you can’t grow margins because you have to invest in the business? Or put it another way, at some point, you can’t turn this into a 50% margin business or maybe you can, you just haven’t mapped it out for us yet.
Doug Howell: No, Greg. Listen, trees don’t grow to the moon. I think that there are plateaus when you reach them. I think when you get into that 30% to 32% type range as an annual margin in a brokerage segment across the globe, that’s a pretty fair margin to have. But scale does bring advantages. And this is a – the brokerage business is showing that size can be helpful, especially with size in the same fairway that you’re playing. If you can get more acquisitions that are right down the middle of the fairway, using the technologies that we’ve developed, using our offshore centers of excellence, our centralization that we’ve worked on for 15 years, we think that there’s still terrific opportunity for us to roll in and have nice, steady margin improvement. If we’re growing over 3% or 4%, well, I think it can be – you can eke out a little margin just because of scale. And some of it depends on wage inflation, too. I mean we are a people company, and we are lucky that after the Great Recession that wage inflation remained in check. Perhaps here in the pandemic, we’ll keep wage inflation in check a little bit. But we are a people company, so raises are something that we want to give. And so – but if we can keep wage inflation in check, I think that you can eke out some margins.
Greg Peters: Just as a follow-up to that comment, when do wage or salary increases typically happen for staff? Is that a beginning of the year event to midyear event? When does that generally hit?
Doug Howell: Kind of late second quarter, early third quarter. It’s a little bit later this year. We’ll do that here in December.
Greg Peters: Got it. In the balance sheet, I noticed that the premiums and fees receivable jumped up from year-end. And I’m just curious if you – if there’s anything in that increase that is troublesome or if that’s expected, on plan, or just some color behind that. Then, the numbers I’m looking at are, on the balance sheet, the 6,702.5 versus the 5,419.2.
Doug Howell: Yes. Okay. Good question. First of all, we look at our cash receipts every day. We’re not having any slowdown at all from client premium payments coming in, so we don’t have a liquidity issue there. And again, I just looked at the report at 2:00 this afternoon, and our October is equal – since the pandemic, our cash flows have been equally, if not better, than what they were in pre-pandemic time. So that isn’t it. We do have some – as we have a reinsurance operation, now you can get some significant reinsurance premiums that flow through that can cause some of that to be a little more volatile on that, but there is nothing there that I would – that is at all indicative of any type of slowdown in payments by our customers in that.
Greg Peters: So in other words, DSOs have remained fairly stable this year relative to previous year?
Doug Howell: Yes. That’s right.
Greg Peters: Got it. I guess the final question, I know you’ve already provided a lot of commentary around M&A, but I can’t help myself but go back to that well. First of all, Pat, when you’re talking culture, I know it’s very important to you. Are you – when you’re looking at M&A opportunities, are you willing to consider M&A that has a slower organic growth profile? Or, put it another way, is the deals that you’ve done in the last couple of years, have they boosted your – have they been a net gain to organic revenue on a consolidated basis? Or has it been neutral or been a headwind? Does that make sense?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it certainly hasn’t been a headwind. And the nice thing about tuck-ins, Greg, is that if you get the right folks on, sometimes they can be terrifically accretive. But by and large, I think when you add all this, it’s probably right in line with the rest of our organization. And we’re seeing lots of opportunities, but again, you followed us for years. It’s not brain surgery, culture is absolutely critical. And I’d like to sound more sophisticated, we try to find people who care about their people, love this business and run a good business. If they can’t make money for themselves, they’re not going to make money for us and our shareholders. But once they cross that hurdle, it’s really got to be about, are they going to fit culturally and are they going to really be able to take advantage of the things that we bring to the table? And I think you’ve heard me talk about this before. I tell them that when we bring them here to Rolling Meadows or they joined one of our offices out there, we open the curtain and show them the candy store. And they’re like, "Wow, I’ve got all this to work with now?" And when that happens, it opens up, in many instances, accounts that are local to them, and we’re very strong in our local communities. We want to help them build that strength and accounts that they never had a chance to touch because of their size are now open to them because really, there’s nothing that we can’t help them tackle. And frankly, that gets them excited. So for us, are they going to stay? Do they love selling insurance, which I know sounds crazy, but there are some of us that were born to do that? And the fact is those people end up being with us a long time, building great businesses having a great time doing it. And it really does come down to cultural fit.
Greg Peters: Right. Well, I know you’ve described it before. I don’t think you’ve used the word – the phrase candy store with me, but it doesn’t mean you haven’t used it before.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But you understood what I meant, right, Greg.
Greg Peters: Absolutely.
J. Patrick Gallagher: There you go.
Greg Peters: So the final piece on M&A, obviously, there’s a lot of stuff going around the election, anticipation of maybe a change in tax cuts in the – tax rates in the U.S., et cetera, that may lead to accelerating deal flow. Are you seeing any activity in Europe? Are you seeing any change in the flow of potential deals outside the U.S.?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And I’ll tell you why. It’s exactly what we told you in 14 when we did our transactions in the UK, Australia and Canada, in particular, and now in Europe and Latin America. Once we’ve got a platform that gives people confidence that we’re really there to stay, then the smaller broker has something to look at, that is not just getting a new name or changing where they send their reports, they get the benefit of the fact that we’ve got scale, we’ve got brand recognition and we have capabilities. So yes, our pipeline in the UK, our pipeline in Australia, Latin America, New Zealand and Continental Europe are stronger than they’ve ever been.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thank you for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: And our next question is from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, great. Maybe we could talk about Risk Management a little bit. I think from the prepared remarks, it sounded like claims counts were – are continuing to improve, but still down. Maybe you can put some numbers around work comp and GL. Are those still down kind of double digits year-over-year? What are you guys – any update on the outlook for the Risk Management segment? I mean margins improved more than what you thought, probably. Maybe can you talk why margins improved more than expected as well?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think the question is what type of claims? I think the more difficult claims that are rising, the kind of the churn business is still down, maybe 20% to 30% on the small, but we don’t make a lot of money off of those anyway, so they’re kind of low margin. So that doesn’t hurt us so much. I think we have had a little bit of boost in settling claims that have risen because of COVID. And so our complicated claims, they’re still there. And so that has helped this business be more resilient. If you think about it, it might be more of a lost revenue story than it is a lost profit story as you can see by the margin. So the advantage we have is that we’ve held on pretty well, being only down 5% this quarter on a revenue basis. As we get a vaccine, as things start to improve, you will have that business come back in and hopefully be up nicely in the positive organic space next year.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Maybe stepping back and thinking about brokerage again, one of your competitors today I think kind of hinted at maybe pricing had reached a point that had reached its limit. At least, there’s definitely some businesses that are experiencing some fairly high double-digit rate increases. And I think that your competitor alluded to maybe the carriers have – some are getting enough freight and maybe we’re at peak freight. Any thoughts about kind of what you’re hearing and seeing from the carriers? And it feels like there’s some new capital coming into the space as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, there’s clearly new capital coming in, and I will tell you that there is zero interest from the people that – the partners we’re talking to at modifying rate increases at all. I mean they’re not getting any rate of return on new invested dollars. Social inflation is killing them. Lines of coverage that have been under attack for years while the market stayed soft are raising their – continuing to raise their head. This is – I see nothing in the way of softening or stopping the momentum. Now remember, again, we tried to give you some detail in our prepared remarks, workers’ compensation is about flat. They make good money on workers’ comp. Workers’ comp is competitive in the United States, and our clients benefit from that. And remember, our job is to make sure we do everything we can for our clients to make sure the hard market doesn’t cripple. So it’s not like I’m sitting here and saying, "Hey, this is – it’s getting harder by the minute." But I can tell you, when you talk to the people that are the actual providers of capital, they’re not seeing light at the end of the tunnel being yahoo we’re back to soften, that’s for sure.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. And just lastly, just making sure, there’s nothing supplementals and contingents that was unusual this quarter?
Doug Howell: No. No. Not this quarter. Not this year at all, as a matter of fact.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is with Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking my call.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Josh.
Josh Shanker: So I was curious, historically, I guess, for a number of years, we’ve been in a middling market, and I think that benefits brokers who have a lot of visibility on pricing and maybe it disadvantages carriers and the negotiation with the client. As things are perhaps changing, is there any benefit being given to the carriers in that negotiation, where the client demand or you’ve encouraged some more competitive fee structure from the broker? Is there any renegotiation going on at that level?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Fees are one of the things that always happen. And this is – since 2006, in the United States, in particular, we’ve been completely transparent with our clients on what we make. And we are not feeling huge pressure on the income that we make for the extra work that we’re doing today. And that’s another reason when you look at fees and what have you, that even if rates were up 25%, you’re not going to see our revenue jump 25%. That wouldn’t be a fair transaction. But at the same time, there’s a lot more work, and it’s our expertise now that we’re selling that sells a lot better in a hard market than it does a soft market. If it’s in a soft market, the person down the street that hangs a shingle out can get you five quotes. We’re not getting five quotes today. And you better work hard with somebody who’s got some real dedicated inside clear understanding of your business that can differentiate your risk and your approach to risk to that underwriting community or you’re going to get whacked. And so our services are more valuable than ever. And you’re right, we went for about 10 years. And you’ll recall in my conversations on these conference calls, I always alluded to the fact that I don’t like hard markets. And everybody would say were – and when the rates were up 1%, down 2%, up 3%, sideways, flat, that was perfect for clients. It gave them a chance to choose. It gave us a chance to be able to say this market or that one put them together this way, build the tower this way, and it was really another way to show our expertise. Now this is a time where we’ve got to give good counsel, and they’ve got to understand that in many respects, it’s a seller’s market. And we’ll get them through it. No, it won’t last forever, but now is the time to make sure you’re partnering with someone that knows what they’re doing. And we’re getting paid.
Josh Shanker: That’s very clear. And then on Gallagher Bassett, can you talk about throughput of workers’ comp claims and what the marketplace is shaping up to be with lower employment or with a work at home and how that changes the services you provide there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, the services we provide there, Josh, they’re not different in the sense that if you have a workers’ comp claim, we’re going to handle it. There’s all kinds of protocols, state by state, rules, regulations, et cetera. There are fewer claims when you’re not in the office, you’re not in the factory, you’re working from home. There are clearly fewer claims and fewer accidents. And when economic activity regains itself and people come back to the places of work, we expect that those claims will reflect that. But in terms of how you deal with someone that gets hurt, it’s – we still have to file those state rules, and we still have to adjust and adjudicate the claim, which we think, if you use Gallagher Bassett, will give you a better outcome.
Josh Shanker: And in terms of flow of claims incidences?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I’m sorry, you broke up, Josh, what was that?
Josh Shanker: Claims incidents during the pandemic, how is that shaping up?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Incidents are down, significantly down. That’s the whole reason – when we talk about claim counts, that’s incidents.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Yes. And so does that change the service or the fees? They say, well, look, we don’t – in terms of your interaction with the clients for Gallagher Bassett, does that change what you can charge or change the negotiation at all? Or is it a typically a fee for service?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. No. No. It doesn’t at all.
Josh Shanker: Okay, great. Thanks, Josh.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. A few timing questions, if I could. One, you’re talking about M&A maybe being a little bit – is the pipeline being robust here as we head into 2021 because of the potential tax impact there? Do you think that could mean that there’s a bit of a lull in M&A as we enter 2021?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t think so. I mean, when I look at it, it really is a very interesting market, which is why you see, it was not that long ago that there were very few billion-dollar brokers. Today, there’s about 11 or 12 of us. By that, I mean revenue. That’s why private equity has been so prevalent in the business, which is good for us because private equity is smart money telling the investment community, we’re a great bet. But the fact is, there are thousands and thousands of independent agents and brokers that ultimately have a chance to capitalize their life’s work, and I think that’s not going to stop.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then could you remind us when in 2021 do the 2011 clean coal plant sunset – does the tax credit sunset?
Doug Howell: Okay, there’s two answers to that. Our plants that we operate will sunset mostly in late November, early December, absent an extension. For those plants that we don’t operate at our Chem Mod affiliate that we own a substantial piece of that gets a royalty of, those could stop production sometime more in the late third quarter or early fourth quarter. It just depends on – it’s 10 years from the date that they were placed in service. So if they were placed in service before December of 2011, then they would be – they would sunset a little bit earlier. So that’s why on Page 5 of the CFO Commentary, you’ll see that our royalty income is just – we’re forecasting that just to be down a little bit relative to 2020 because some of those will sunset just a little bit earlier.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Okay. And those last couple of months of the year don’t tend to be very large months from a clean coal perspective, right?
Doug Howell: It can be. If you get a cold December, you can – the southern plants that are dependent on baseboard heat, electric heat, would be. And again, I can’t miss the opportunity to reinforce, just because $60 million to $70 million of GAAP earnings go away, that’s – right away, we’ll flip in 2022 into harvesting all the credits that we’ve been generating over the last 10 years. So that’s – you might almost double the amount of earnings on a cash basis versus then on a GAAP basis at that time.
Yaron Kinar: Right. And then final timing question. The contract that you’ve pulled forward into the third quarter in Brokerage, does that get renewed in the third quarter of next year?
Doug Howell: Well, first of all, I wouldn’t say we pulled it forward. They just got it closed sooner. So that was a great work by the guys that have been working on that product for a lot. That’s going to be an occasional sale. I don’t think that it’s something that would repeat year in and year out. It would be another customer that would happen to see the real smarts in this product and decide to close it in third quarter next year. But that would be hitting us. It’s a little bit more elephant hunting on that, so call it that – if you close one every 18 months, that would be great, but who knows. It’s a terrific product that’s getting some momentum. So we might see it a little bit more frequently, but I’d be happy with one of those every 18 months.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: And our next question is from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good evening. I just had one. So employee benefits, I might have missed this, Pat, but I thought you said it was plus 6%, but that included the one-off transaction.
J. Patrick Gallagher: That’s right.
Ryan Tunis: What was the organic, excluding that within the employee benefits unit?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hold on.
Doug Howell: Flat to 2%. I mean, so let’s call it 1.3%, if I look at my notes.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just looking for an update, obviously, that is a business that economically impacted at a lot of the other brokers. We’ve had three quarters – kind of three quarters in the recession. Are you learning anything new that would change your organic outlook for employee benefits? Or is it still kind of the same story you’ve been talking about in previous quarters at the mid-quarter updates?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think the thing that’s probably most beneficial to our business that we learned. And first of all, thanks for the question, Ryan. When we look at the business in general and say, what have we learned over the last seven, eight months about what can happen, how this business can be run, where people can do it? How expertise can be exported around the world? I mean, we’ve got experts in verticals that are world-class. And you want to try to get them to a prospect or a client, you can use up a whole day or two days of travel. Today, they can drop in by video call and bam, they’re there and people accept that. So we’ve learned a lot, and there’s lots of opportunities for our business because of that. But I think probably the thing that reemphasizes why we’re so high on the benefits businesses, even in this pandemic and even with the recession that hit, the amount of employees that stay employed, the employers holding on to their people, it’s incredible. I mean we thought in March and April, get ready, the floor is going to drop out, everybody is going to let everybody go. And of course, I’m being facetious. But the fact is, this war for talent, ongoing long term, what’s your product? I don’t care if you’re making big steel drums, you’re a people business. And people are holding on to their folks and our censuses by count have not dropped through the floor. And people are saying – and as we come out of this, to me, it just makes that business even better, which demands incredible expertise to balance all the costs and all the covers and to make sure that you are, in fact, providing what the employees need, but that you also make sure through communication that they understand that they’re better off with you. So it’s – basically, it’s really put us in a spot to want to double down on that business.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Understood, thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: And our last question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Just a small question. I just – I feel like I missed the amount of the employee benefits contract that was signed earlier than expected. Have you given quantification on the actual revenue?
Doug Howell: No, we really haven’t. I think you can probably do the math. It was about $12 million to $15 million, so…
Meyer Shields: Okay. I can do the math now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks for making it easy, teacher.
Meyer Shields: The second question, I know there’s been sort of a long-term strategy at Gallagher of moving clients along to self-insurance over time. Has the pandemic interrupted that at all?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I mean, in fact, if anything, it’s made it more of a crucial conversation because it’s crunching businesses. And when the economy is good and employees are being hired and there’s fight over employees over – because of a full employment, those times are heady times for many, many people. And yes, financially, we can always point out to those businesses why considering a large self-insured retention, bringing Gallagher Bassett in, getting better outcomes on your claims, makes for better control of not only your insurance purchase, but your entire risk management program, and we do a good job of selling that. You put a buyer against the wall, they’re all ears, and we’re really good at moving people first dollar cover into a form of risk management, risk retention, group captives, et cetera. That is our – that’s our heritage.
Doug Howell: Typically, when you have increasing pricing, an account that customer that had really good loss experience is more willing to look to build self as a component of their program being through self insurance. And as prices go up, that gets their attention. And we do a lot of workers’ comp in this, and workers’ comp has had rate cuts recently. It’s flat right now. I think that if workers’ comp goes hard, I think you’ll see considerably more folks with good experience or companies wanting to look at alternative risk transfer.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well Doug hit on something, Meyer, I think this has been the dilemma that really wasn’t talked about during that eight to ten-year period where the market was relatively soft or was flat. When the market starts to firm, one of the dilemmas for the insurance carriers is they need the entire base to give then more rate. The better units of risk look to move out of that buying community. And so now you’re taking from the insuring community their better units of risk, leaving them to fight over what is maybe not the best units and even needing more rate. And that is when the competition thins because there just aren’t thousands of people that can do what we do.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that makes perfect sense. And that was very helpful. Final question, and I may have just been modeling this incorrectly. But the investment income in the brokerage, the investment income and net gains on divestitures ticked up something like $3 million from the second quarter to the third quarter. Should we expect that sort of seasonality? Or is that just random now?
Doug Howell: All right. So there’s two questions there. What happened with investment income, right, what you’re saying?
Meyer Shields: Yes.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, first, some of that – some of the numbers running through there has to do with our premium finance business down in Australia and New Zealand. But let me give you the punch line on it because we are down somewhat in investment income, just in true investment income that is – that we earn on the premium trust accounts, et cetera, we are down probably in the third quarter somewhere around $4 million, $3.5 million from where we were last year. So you wouldn’t be seeing that right.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I will now return the call back over to Pat for any closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Let me give you just a quick comment. Again, thanks, everybody, for joining us this afternoon. We delivered an excellent quarter in first nine months of the year in the face of a difficult economic environment. And again, I’d like to thank our 32,000-plus Gallagher professionals for their relentless efforts and dedication. I remain confident that we can deliver another outstanding year of financial performance and successfully navigate these challenging times. Thank you, again, for being with us. We really appreciate it.
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you, and have a good day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher and Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 
 Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to cautionary statements and risks factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more detail on its forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin. 
J. Gallagher: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Also on the call today is Doug Howell, our CFO, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We delivered an excellent second quarter. Despite the economic deterioration caused by COVID-19, our teams are executing at the highest levels while we continue to place health and safety first. We are servicing our clients. We're selling new business. We continue to look at merger and acquisition opportunities, and our bedrock culture keeps our teams working together even while physically apart. I would like to thank our 33,000 Gallagher professionals around the globe for their constant and tireless focus on delivering the very best insurance brokerage, consulting and risk management services to our customers. More than ever, these are times when our global capabilities and resources support our local professionals as they help our customers navigate these challenging times and still generate strong new business. That really truly is the Gallagher way. 
 Moving to our second quarter financial performance. We grew our combined Brokerage and Risk Management revenues in the second quarter organically and through mergers and acquisitions. And together with our expense control actions, delivered excellent growth in EBITDAC and net earnings. This demonstrates that our investments over the last decade have enabled us to quickly adjust our workforce and expense base, increase the utilization of our centers of excellence, efficiently work remotely, improve our productivity while always raising our quality. 
 Let me break down our results further, starting with our Brokerage segment. Reported revenue growth was a positive 6.2% and even a bit better at 7.6% when leveling for foreign exchange. Of that, 2.1% was organic revenue growth. Net earnings margin was up 364 basis points, and adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded by 635 basis points to 32.6%. Doug will provide some additional details on our expense control efforts, which was primarily responsible as we drove net earnings up 38% and adjusted EBITDAC up 34%. Clearly, a very strong quarter and pointed the team execute in a difficult environment. 
 Let me give you some sound bites about each of our brokerage units around the world. Starting in the U.S., our retail P&C business held up very well during the quarter, delivering organic growth of about 4%. Still strong new business generation, a small drop in retention and nonrecurring business, rate increases offset exposure unit declines, cancellations were not up over first quarter levels, and midterm policy modifications were still a net positive, but a bit lower than first quarter levels.
 All-in, we are seeing similar trends in our domestic wholesale operations, but a bit of a tale of two cities. Our open brokerage business had mid-teens organic growth benefiting from strong new business and rate. Our MGA program binding businesses were backwards about 5%, resulting from a slowdown in programs like transportation, amateur sports and construction. However, when we look at June alone, our MGA and program businesses were showing improvement over the lower in activity -- over the lower activity seen in April and May. We had an excellent quarter in Canada at more than 5% organic driven by strong new business and higher rates. The U.K. delivered 4% organic, and Australia and New Zealand were closer to flat, where we are not seeing as much tailwind from rate. So exposure declines are weighing just a little bit more on our organic. So overall, our global PC operations reported about 4% organic in a quarter, a really strong result in a difficult environment. 
 Moving to our benefits business. As anticipated, we saw some second quarter weakness, down about 3% on an organic basis. New consulting and special project work declined in addition to a decrease in covered lives on renewal business, but we are not seeing covered lives decreasing as much as the headline unemployment numbers. So when I bring our PC and benefits together, the 2.1% organic here in the second quarter came in pretty close to where we thought it would be at our June Investor Day. 
 Looking forward, so far in July, nearly every metric we are monitoring is trending better than the second quarter.
 Accordingly, based on what we're seeing today, we think third quarter brokerage organic and expense saves will be similar to the second quarter. As we move into the fourth quarter, if the economy continues to recover, feels like organic would equal or even be a bit better than the third quarter, and we should be able to continue to deliver cost containment as well. Still a lot of economic and governmental uncertainty, but that is where we are forecasting today.
 Before I leave the Brokerage segment, let me go a bit deeper on the PC pricing environment. PC pricing continued to move higher around the globe, with most geographies reporting 5% or greater price increases, tighter terms and conditions and somewhat restrained capacity. By line of business, property remains the strongest, up more than 10%. Next is professional liability, up over 7%. Other casualty lines are up 5% to 10%, with umbrella rate increases at least twice that level, and workers' comp is flat to down 2%. 
 By geography, Canada is seeing the greatest price increases up more than 8%. The U.S. is up about 7%, followed by the U.K., including London Specialty at about 6% and Australia and New Zealand between 2% and 3%. So PC pricing is up across the board, but client premium changes are more modest due to lower exposure units, higher deductible, reduced limits and clients opting out of coverages. 
 Looking forward, I see rates continuing to increase within an already firm market and early indications from July point to continued increases in the third quarter. Before the pandemic began, loss costs were outpacing rate and I see just as strong a case for underwriters to push for even more rate in this environment. 
 It is certainly a more difficult market today, but not yet a hard market because most risks can still find a home.
 Jumping to mergers and acquisitions. We completed 4 brokerage mergers during the second quarter at fair multiples. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us, and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. While second quarter mergers were lower than normal, the number of conversations with potential merger partners is picking up so far in the third quarter. Difficult market conditions and the pandemic are further highlighting the need for expertise and data-driven tools. Our platform is an excellent fit for entrepreneurs looking to support their current clients, use our tools and data to grow their businesses and advance their employees' careers. 
 As I look at our M&A pipeline, we have about 40 term sheets signed or being prepared, representing around $300 million or so of revenue. Based on the activity we are experiencing in July, we are optimistic we will return to more normal levels of merger activity later this year.
 Next, I'd like to move to our risk management segment. Second quarter revenue was in line with the guidance we provided at our June IR Day, with reported revenues down about 8.8% and organic down about 9.6%. This reflects a dramatic pullback in new claims arising due to higher unemployment and a reduction in overall business activity, offset somewhat by an increase in COVID-related claims. We think April was the worst of it, and I'm encouraged that claim counts in the latter half of the quarter and into July improved off the lows. However, new claims arising are still well below pre-COVID levels. Our risk management team also did a terrific job on cost containment. Adjusted EBITDAC was only $2.7 million lower in the quarter relative to last year and margins held which is also right in line with our expectation. It takes a little longer to turn this ship versus our Brokerage segment. So we would expect to see third quarter EBITDAC improve relative to second quarter and then as our expense actions are fully realized, even greater improvement in the fourth quarter, leading to full year adjusted EBITDAC at least equal to 2019, just a fantastic job by the team to adjust our expense base and rebalance claim loads across adjusters while maintaining our client service and quality levels. So when I combine our core Brokerage and Risk Management segments together, despite the unprecedented economic challenges, we grew our adjusted revenues 5.3% and grew our net earnings and adjusted EBITDAC about 30%. That's truly an excellent quarter. 
 But before I turn it over to Doug, let me finish with some comments on our bedrock culture. When times are tough, teams can either break apart or band together. Since my grandfather started the company in 1927, we have consistently expected every leader in associated Gallagher to live our culture, talk about our culture and promote our culture. Culture matters. Culture prevails. Culture is important in the best time, but even more important during challenging times. Our team is together. We respect and support one another. No one is an island. There are no second class citizens. We learn from each other. Everyone is important. For those of you that have followed Gallagher since we came public more than 35 years ago, you'll recognize those statements as just a few of the 25 tenets of the Gallagher way. This document puts our core values in new words, which shapes and then guides our culture, and we believe in it because it matters to us. We live it every day, and it's guiding us through these challenging times. I believe we will emerge on the other side even stronger than we were before.
 Okay. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug? 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. Like Pat said, solid top line growth and truly remarkable bottom line performance. Our combined Brokerage and Risk management adjusted EBITDAC is up nearly 30% over second quarter last year. Many thanks to all of our colleagues around the globe for continuing to [indiscernible] on our cost control efforts, all the while continuing to deliver unique insights and high-quality service that our clients need even more in these times. Today, I'll spend most of my time on our expense savings, give you some comments using the CFO commentary document and then finish with thoughts on cash, M&A and liquidity. 
 All right. Let's go to the earnings release, Pages 4 and 7. You'll see both the Brokerage and Risk Management segments expanded adjusted EBITDAC margins this quarter. Our Brokerage segment reduced compensation and operating costs by about $60 million versus prior year when you adjust that for roll-in impact of mergers closed after March 31, 2019. In the Risk Management segment, the savings amounted to about $14 million. So in total, we were able to adjust our expense base by about $74 million during the second quarter. That's at the top end of our estimates that we provided in April and again at our June IR Day. 
 Let me give you a breakdown of these savings. We reduced travel, entertainment and advertising by about $24 million. We reduced technology consulting and professional fees, $14 million, reduced outside labor and other workforce actions, saved about $13 million. We saved on office supplies, consumables and occupancy costs of about $12 million and lower medical plan utilization by our employees saved about $11 million.
 When I look towards the third quarter, I think savings will be in the $65 million to $70 million range relative to last year, again adjusting for roll-in mergers. This is a bit lower than second quarter, simply because our production staff is beginning to travel to see clients and prospects. We are increasing our advertising costs again. And in June, we did see a reversion to pre-pandemic levels of our employees utilizing our medical plan. As for the fourth quarter, that all depends on what happens with organic. If we're at plus 2% or plus 3% organic, then our producers are likely traveling more and we may restart some of our postponed investments, and thus, we wouldn't see as much savings in areas like technology, consulting and professional fees. But if organic is flattish, we'd expect to see a similar level of savings as the third quarter.
 Okay. Let's go to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our IR website. 
 On Page 2, most of the items are fairly straightforward and consistent with what we provided to you in our June IR Day. There's 2 items to highlight, which basically offset one another. First, foreign exchange in our Brokerage segment was slightly unfavorable this quarter, call it about $0.01; and second, in the Brokerage segment amortization, that came in about $0.01 favorable, again, offsetting the FX.
 Flipping to Page 3 to the corporate segment table. Relative to the midpoint of the guidance we provided at our June IR Day, interest in banking came in about $0.01 or so favorable. The acquisition line came in just a little bit less than $0.01, but still favorable. The corporate line is about $0.01 unfavorable, but you'll read in footnote 3, that was simply due to foreign exchange rates bouncing around. In the quarter. 
 Finally, clean energy was $0.01 below the midpoint of the range due to mild temperatures, more use of natural gas and weaker electricity consumption due to COVID. Hot July has started off a strong third quarter, but we are still seeing natural gas prices on the lower end and lower economic activity could likely dampen generation later in the second half of the year. So we have lowered a bit our full year range to $60 million to $70 million net after tax earnings. But let's not forget the $1 billion of tax credit carryforwards we have on our balance sheet. That's effectively a receivable from the government that should allow us to pay lower cash taxes for many years to come. 
 All right. Let me wrap up with some comments on cash, M&A and liquidity. Our customer cash receipts were strong during the quarter, rebounding in May and June after a slight slowdown in early April. So far, in July, we're tracking back to prepandemic levels. So we don't see any concerns at this time. As of today, we have more than $1.3 billion of liquidity, consisting of available cash on hand of nearly $275 million and we have access to over $1 billion on our revolving credit facility. As for M&A, as Pat mentioned, we did complete 4 acquisitions during the quarter. A couple were tax-free exchanges. So we used a little of our stock but even then with an average multiple paid below 8x, there was a nice arbitrage to our own trading multiple. More importantly, our pipeline is really heating up. So we could have a strong finish to the year and a strong start early next year.
 Okay. Those are my comments. A great quarter by the team for them to continue growing revenues and executing on cost containment. Let's keep the economy from another clench we should pull off an excellent full year. Back to you, Pat. 
J. Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Operator, let's go to questions and answers. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming in from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Pat, or maybe this is, I guess, for Doug, is on the expense saves. So I guess I have a few questions here, but the first one is, you guys expanded your brokerage margin by 6.2%. So what I think maybe gets a little bit lost in the numbers and if we adjust out the save on 2% organic revenue growth, if my math is right, you saw around 120 basis points of margin improvement. So am I thinking about that correctly? And then I guess there's just some pretty good just margin improvement in your business away from just the base. Or am I missing something there? 
Douglas Howell: No, you have it about right. I think that's right. We had -- no, we didn't give raises this quarter. So that would have dampened to 1.2% a little bit, but you're looking at it the right way. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then I think you guys -- you just provided some good color in terms of the save that we could see in the third and potentially the fourth quarter. If I remember from your June Investor Day, you had said that kind of post-COVID that about half of the saves, I believe, could persist on an ongoing basis? I just -- given you provided some updated figures, I wanted to make sure that guidance still exists today? 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think probably when we looked at it 6 weeks ago, that probably would have been about right. I think right now, we are learning a lot as a result of this crisis, and we are finding ways to deliver service and advice clearly more cost effectively than prepandemic. But I think what matters in the end is what we spend will be highly correlated at least to how our clients' prospects and underwriting partners expect us to do business. That will determine really how much we travel, how much we communicate virtually. Do they want to be entertained anymore? How much do we advertise? And how do we advertise in the market? And then also it drives what investments in technology and technical resources we are -- that we need in order to service and compete in the market. It also goes further when you look at what it takes to attract and retain talent. That will dictate a lot on how we leverage our work-from-home capabilities, maybe where we locate our offices, how we configure them. And then also a little impact how we train, develop and mentor our folks. So that will influence the ultimate cost savings. And then also, one thing I have to say as being experts in employee benefits, we truly hope that our employees get back to utilizing our medical health and welfare plans. We need everybody to be doing their prevented exams and getting the services they need. Nothing good comes from delays in getting your medical treatment. And that saved us several million dollars this quarter. So when I bring it all back together, over the long term, could we be saving $30 million to $40 million a quarter after we adjust the real estate footprint as we adjust postage express, office occupancy cost, maybe hire some of the external resources that we were using externally. Yes, maybe we could get to that number. So it wasn't far off as a guess, but it will really depend a little bit on how our clients' prospects and underwriting partners want us to do business. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the organic side, Pat, I think you said that the third quarter brokerage organic seems to be trending in line with the Q2, which is a little bit better than your June Investor Day. And then we've been hearing from some peers that there are some lags in some of the businesses, right, so the third quarter could be worse than the second quarter? And [indiscernible] is that business mix that's helping the Q3? Is it incremental pricing? Just a little bit more color on how you see the third quarter transpiring. 
J. Gallagher: Well, first of all, Elyse, as you know, July is a very big month for us. So it's a good bellwether. And we had a very, very strong July. And so I think as we sit here today, if things don't completely fall off the table in August and September, we feel just exactly the way we phrase it today. 
Operator: And now our next question is from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Zaremski: First question. What -- in terms of leverage levels, where could you go to temporarily with the rating agencies if there was kind of something chunkier or larger? Could you go to a -- kind of a materially higher level for a year or 2 and then kind of work its way down if something became available? 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think they'd be receptive to that. I think we've seen that with other brokers. So that would seem reasonable that they would be willing to accommodate that. Do we have the appetite to do that? We probably won't push our debt ratios very much at all, but I think they could be willing to listen to that. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And along the same lines then, like -- so in terms of kind of making inroads into maybe the mid- to large account space as a result of the merger that's taking place. Is it more of kind of winning RFPs as the clients look for a new potentially to find another broker because they've consolidated to one? Or is it more hiring or both? And if it's the RFP process, is that taking place more kind of next year when the account comes up for renewal after the merger? 
J. Gallagher: Well, Mike, this is Pat. I think you touched on a very good subject. But let me go back to our genesis. I mean Gallagher Bassett was started in 1962, basically, to take care of the claims for Petrus Foods with a Fortune 100 company at that time. So we've been in the large account risk management business since the 60s. Now over the past number of years, we've gotten much, much stronger in that business as well, both on the claims service side as well as on the brokerage side. And yes, I think that the fact that the 4 top players are going to consolidate to 3 is clearly giving us more opportunities. And as I said, our capabilities have gotten stronger and stronger, and we feel really good about our chances to expand that business. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. And just lastly, back to Elyse's question, given just a phenomenal quarter in terms of margins. So again it sounds like, Doug, to your answer about kind of -- there was margin improvement beyond just the expense savings. And Doug, it sounded like you were saying that there was over 100 basis points of margin improvement beyond it. And it sounded like that could recur unless business kind of gets back to usual in terms of entertainment and more people feeling comfortable, employees feeling comfortable going back to the doctor's offices. And so it sounds like that kind of underlying net of expense save positive trend could continue? 
 I guess it's just -- it's, I think, sell-side estimates, as we know, haven't come up enough because it's just -- it's such a great margin improvement during what is fairly muted organic growth times. So I want to make sure we're understanding. 
Douglas Howell: All right. So first of all, let's go back. What do we think in the future? In the third quarter, we think they're going to be $65 million to $70 million of savings. We won't give some of that back up because there are some costs coming back into the structure. In the fourth quarter, might be closer to a $60 million to $70 million. We might have to give back another $5 million there somewhere. But that's the way we sit today. The margin expansion that Elyse talked about is 2 things is we did have some strength in our supplementals and contingents this quarter, which probably drove a little bit of that margin expansion. Longer term, we think we're learning a lot about our business. And so I think there could be opportunities here for us to do things differently because our clients' expectations have changed in this 4 month period. And the question is, will they stay that way? Or will they expect to see 5 people showing up for a meeting for an hour? Or are they okay with our industry experts not getting on a plane, traveling a day for a half hour presentation. We're finding some really good success in that, that we can put our niche experts at the point of sale, and our customers are much more willing to accept a virtual face-to-face versus a real face-to-face. So there is going to be some savings on that, that survives. So margin expansion, we've always said it's hard to expand margins if it's below 3%. And we are okay at 2% with a little strength in supplementals and contingents. We got a point of margin expansion out of it in the near term. I think it would be pretty hard to post 2% organic growth for the next 3% and expand margins a percentage point a year. I think that would be difficult. Get us over 3%, we can hold in there, get us over 5% -- 4% or 5%, we'll expand them. So I don't see that changing much from what we provided in the past. But there's opportunity there, but -- yes, I think that this in the near term, 1% organic -- or excuse me, margin expansion on 2% organic is a pretty darn good quarter. 
Operator: Our next question is from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. 
Phil Stefano: Yes. I was hoping you could give a little thoughts on contingents and supplementals to the extent that you have any forward view into them. I guess were there any catch-ups in first quarter or second quarter that we should kind of try to normalize out? In my mind, in this 606 world, the contingents and supplementals will be a bit more flat than maybe what we've seen or at least actual versus what I've expected. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think there's probably a little bit -- a small, little bit of catch-up in the second quarter. A lot of these things get paid in the first quarter. We have like hundreds and hundreds of contingent commission contracts and even several hundred supplemental contracts. So we probably will have some positive development in our second quarter a little bit, but might be targeting a couple million bucks on announcement. So the team does a really good job of making estimates. I think what happens in the future because of the pandemic, loss ratios are hanging in there pretty well. So -- and it's -- our cost and value that we deliver right now. I think that we're earning our contingents and earning our supplementals, and I think we've got a pretty fair series of contracts. I think the carriers -- yes, that will hold up well with the carriers. So I don't see anything out of the ordinary in this. 
Phil Stefano: Okay. Look, just to go back to the expense saves, and I don't want to beat this too much. But I guess, in my mind, thinking about the $60 million to $70 million we can expect third quarter, fourth quarter and then the idea that bringing this all together, maybe we could be $30 million or $40 million a quarter, who knows what the normal looks like moving forward. Can you give us a sense for how quickly that gap closes? And is 2020 a pivotal year where things back come back relatively quickly? Or does it really depend on the economy and shelter-in-place and the fallout of COVID in all those ways? 
Douglas Howell: Probably more of the second. It is highly dependent on that. I wish I had a crystal ball, and I think all of us would kind of hope that they come back a little bit faster because that means the economy gets back to zooming, people are back to work. I don't mean zooming face-to-face. I mean, the economy is moving fast and forward. Guys, I think you want to have some expenses coming back in to our number. 
J. Gallagher: Phil, let me hit that too, this is Pat. We haven't gone to see a client in 3 months. That isn't going to hold up. So there will be bump in your models full of no travel, no face-to-face, no entertainment, no new people. We're writing a lot of new business, and we're going to service that business. And there is pressure in the field to take a trip to see a client. We do have clients that are back at work now saying to come see us. And we've got very stringent restrictions for health and safety reasons about whether we're even letting our people do that. Believe me, we get a vaccine, and our people are going back [indiscernible], myself included. I haven't been on the ground this long since I was 11 years old. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: I guess just thinking about the third quarter organic thinking it's going to be somewhat similar to this. Behind that, what are you assuming organic revenue growth is going to be for employee benefits to get about 2% again? 
Douglas Howell: I think it'd be much the same as what we've got now. I don't see a lot of difference between the third quarter and the second quarter for our P&C business or our benefits business. So it was back about 3% this quarter. 
Ryan Tunis: And at this point, workers' comp revenues were down what, you said 10% through mid-June, correct? 
Douglas Howell: Rates are down 2-ish, maybe 3%, something like that. But if you talk about exposure units being down, I can probably dig that out here for you in a second, but let me work on that. 
Ryan Tunis: So what I'm getting at is I'm just trying to understand why ultimately you're not going to have some convergence of the employee benefits, which is only down 3%. And obviously, you're still collecting on furloughed workers, COBRA, that type of thing in the workers comp, that's just based on level of payroll. So we're down like 10 on exposures in workers' comp, I'm trying to understand why we wouldn't think that health and benefits will be down a bit more in the third quarter. 
Douglas Howell: Well, I think that it might have to do with the mix of our business, too. As you know, we look at this in high, medium and low impact industries. And when we look at that, and stack it up. We have a lot of business that's in very low impact industries. So right now, you're not seeing the decreases in workers' comp and benefits in those industries at this point, even the medium categories, we're not seeing it. So there could be a convergence on it. 
J. Gallagher: A big part of the drop in benefits is also related to project work and onetime stuff that we do when the economy is robust. Then people are willing to spend and come in and help me communicate with my people. Right now, they're more willing to not necessarily communicate as well. They'll take that burden on themselves. So it's projects and things like that, that also diminished in the quarter that we'll have to see a return to prior growth to get that kind of project work back. But the underlying health and welfare business does probably look more like work comp. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then, Pat, I guess my follow-up is, is it still safe to say that pricing increases are offsetting exposure declines? 
J. Gallagher: Yes. 
Ryan Tunis: So is it fair to say then that essentially, on average, accounts are renewing at basically a flat premium? 
J. Gallagher: Or down because one of our key jobs is to help those clients in a difficult environment navigate what they spend. So people will take limits down. You had a $100 million umbrella this renewal or this expiration. Do you need $100 million next year, maybe it should be $50 million. Your retention was $150 million, should we take it to $250 million. There's a lot of work that we do around that, that helps our clients mitigate the cost of their insurance, while at the same time, protecting their future. 
Douglas Howell: I am jumping on too. Our workers comp business was down 2% in the quarter, so -- and if our benefits business is about 3%, we're seeing it there, but it's... 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. So, Pat, do you think it's sustainable that pricing can continue to offset exposure declines. Does that feel like something that can happen if we really are in a recession? 
J. Gallagher: Yes, I do. I mean, for now, if you'd ask me that maybe March 30, I might not have been as bullish. 
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: My first question is with regards to the cost saves. I just want to understand when you're looking at $60 million to $70 million in the third quarter, I think, Doug, you highlighted a few bad guys there. Are there other kind of positives that you haven't yet achieved in the second quarter that you think you can still dial up? Or is that $60 million to $70 million, simply a decline in the positive that you had the second quarter without any offset? 
Douglas Howell: Just a couple of clarification. We can't wait for our employees to get back using their medical plan. So I wouldn't call that necessarily a bad guy. We want our folks to access our medical plans. 
Yaron Kinar: Fair, fair. I apologize for the use of words. 
Douglas Howell: No, that's okay. I just want to make sure we -- but we all know -- we don't want a severity problem coming out at the end of the year because people aren't getting their annual exam. So if that costs us a $5 million to $10 million a quarter, we're happy to spend it. I think that other bad guys, I wouldn't call travel bad, so I won't quibble on that. Do we have some other good guys that could come through? I think that we've done a pretty good job in the near-term of getting down to a number that's going to be harder to keep than it is harder to create more of them. So I think that we're about where we are in this environment. So I wouldn't expect too many good guys to offset the bad guys using your terminology coming through in the third and the fourth quarter. 
 So I think our estimates are pretty close. And if you think about it, we gave you an estimate between $50 million and $75 million when we came out of the gates here in April, 30 days into it, and we hit $74 million so I think we've got a pretty good insight about where we're spending money and what's going to stick and what's going to come back in. 
Yaron Kinar: Right. Okay. And again, I apologize for using that terminology. 
Douglas Howell: No, no, I know. I just wanted to make sure you... 
Yaron Kinar: Yes. And then my second question just goes back to the buckets, kind of high impact, medium impact, low impact. Six months into this situation, as you look back, do you think -- how much of those buckets shifted? Like how much of the -- what you initially felt was a high-impact bucket ended up being in a low-impact bucket or vice versa? 
Douglas Howell: Right. So if you look at it, let's say, there were 25 SIC codes in there what we picked in the second quarter. Of the high-impact 25, we got 20 of them right -- excuse me, 21 of them right, and then we had 3 of them in the medium category that probably moved up to high. When you get to the low kind of the same thing, and the medium, not much. So our pick on low, medium and high coming out of the gate, 3 weeks into this thing, I would say, is pretty damn good. And so I feel fairly comfortable that those are the impact businesses that we forecasted in the near term. We'll see what happens over the next longer-term and whether our picks are going to be right again. But we did a pretty good job of it. So I think that we've got a good insight into the nature of our business. So... 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Yes. Just another crack at the expense question. When we think about 2Q next year, do we -- is this the kind of right run rate on a go-forward basis, kind of a step function on 2Q. And so next year, we go back to your usual template of 3% or better. We get some margin expansion. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think you've got to go back and reset and take us basically. If you think about, we were expanding margins about 1 point a year, and we've been doing that 70 basis points a year for the last 5 or 6 years. If we get into a 5% organic growth environment, you're going to see us give back some of these savings, and then you're going to also see us just our natural continued margin improvement programs, you would be back into kind of that 50 to 70 basis point margin expansion on 5% organic growth. So you're looking at it the right way. But would there be a reset compared to second quarter next year? Probably because if we're back to -- if you put in $30 million or $40 million of expenses, and you're taking 70 basis points on $6 billion, you get in $40 million. It's about a push, maybe a little expansion. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then on the benefits business, it sounds like most measures are improving. Pat, you talked about July being very, very strong. I'm not sure if that was completely focused on P&C. But it sounds like 3Q organic in benefits has the prospects of being better? Is that a fair read?. 
J. Gallagher: I'd say that -- I think I was referring more to PC in my comments on July, Mark, it's only fair to say. I think what you're seeing in benefits now is systemic, and I think that will continue. Now I will tell you from getting into the sales force data, et cetera or what have you, we did have a good July in new business. So people are still looking at needing help around both their health and welfare and retirement and all the other aspects. So I think new business will be good. But I do think you have an underlying softness in what's going forward with employment, et cetera. So I would not be predicting a stronger third quarter. 
Douglas Howell: One thing we are seeing, Mark, we're seeing a lot of people on our webinars. We're doing a lot of joint webinars with -- between the benefits in our P&C business. So there is interest in learning. We did a back to work, safety in the workplace, webinar. So we are getting customers that are interested in thinking about how their 2021 medical plans and health and welfare plans should look in this environment. So that could lead to some better growth in the fourth quarter or first quarter next year as people are trying to redesign their plans. Third quarter, I don't know if you'll see it quite yet. 
J. Gallagher: Mark, you know that you've heard us say this 1,000 times. 90% of the time when we compete, we're competing with smaller local brokers. And believe me, they're wondering now what else is out there. And those relationships are strong, for sure. I mean, our new business would even be higher. We don't win all the time. But just to put this in perspective, in the second quarter, our webinars, where, as Doug said, we combined property casualty and benefits in many of them around things like return to work. Unprecedented attendance, with 60,000 people attend webinars in the second quarter on content and material that we're putting out. We haven't had 60,000 people attend in 10 years. 
Mark Hughes: Yes. Interesting. One final question. This question about furloughs. Once maybe some of these stimulus packages, furloughs expire, maybe businesses just won't hire and they'll cut the -- lose the number of employees at that point, and that will impact your employee benefits business. Do you have any perspective on that? 
Douglas Howell: Yes. One of the things, we don't have that many people that actually have been technically furloughed. Maybe there's 100.5, something like that, that we've furloughed. So I think that what will happen after furlough, we're hoping we're bringing them back. 
J. Gallagher: No. I think, Mark, were you talking about our clients? 
Mark Hughes: Correct. That's right. 
J. Gallagher: I think -- yes. I think that, that is a possibility. I think that when the furlough support and the unemployment support erodes, yes, I do think you could see those people actually have their jobs disappear. 
Mark Hughes: Any sense on the magnitude of the risk there? 
J. Gallagher: No. 
Operator: And now our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Two questions on reinsurance. One is the big picture question. And Pat, you talked to, I don't know, gazillion insurance company CEOS. And I'm wondering whether you could give us their sense on concerns over reinsurance brokerage consolidation. And then second, just hoping you could update us on how Capsicum performed over the course of the second quarter? 
J. Gallagher: Well, let me take number 2 first. I think I've said this publicly a number of times. Capsicum is the single best start-up I've been involved with in my career. And we were very pleased to get the final acquisition of the remaining equity over the line. That team is an excellent team. They've had an excellent first half and continue to do just a terrific job of expanding that business. And so what we started with 5, 7 years ago, literally from dead scratch today is really -- it's remarkable. So that team is doing a great job. And they'll continue to. The opportunities, I guess I've been -- in my career, I've seen an awful lot of consolidation. I've gone through -- if you look at who is out there competing with us, 30 years ago, 20 years ago, and how many of those have consolidated down, consolidation offers this opportunity. And I think Capsicum is very well positioned to take advantage of that. And I'll be blunt with you. The big buyers of reinsurance don't like it. 
Douglas Howell: And Meyer, we are well over 10% year-to-date organic growth in Capsicum. 
J. Gallagher: Okay. Operator, I think that's it. And let me just make a quick comment, and we'll say good evening. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon. As we said over and over, we delivered an excellent quarter. It's a difficult economic environment, but I remain confident that we have the right platform and strategy in place to successfully navigate these challenging times for the rest of this year and hopefully, in better times next year. Thank you all for being with us this afternoon. We really appreciate it. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher and Company's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. . Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the company's 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings for more details on its forward-looking statements. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Also on the call today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating divisions.  Before we get into our first quarter results, let me acknowledge those directly affected by COVID-19, including those on the front lines of the global pandemic. We are in all their dedication and courage. At Gallagher, our priority is the health and safety of our colleagues. We're very fortunate that less than 50 of our 34,000 associates have contracted the virus, nearly all of whom have fully recovered. With a few that are still self-quarantined, we wish you a speedy recovery.  I'm incredibly proud of how all our associates have performed over the past 6 weeks. In March, we mobilized our business continuity plans around the globe, and we're up and running, working from home in a few days. We are working remotely without missing a step. This is the payoff of our relentless efforts over the past decade to standardize work, streamline processes and operate using common systems. All of our colleagues are productive, too. At home, they have the right tools and systems in order to deliver the highest quality service to our clients. And that includes more than 5,000 associates that are based in our service centers. And every day, we see countless examples of our employees unselfishly giving back from providing first responders with protective equipment, to sending meals to senior citizens, to distributing masks to the less fortunate. I'm proud but not surprised at the level of dedication, support and professionalism from all of our colleagues around the world. I thank every single one of you from the bottom of my heart.  Now moving to our first quarter financial performance for our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments. Here are some highlights. We had a terrific revenue growth quarter. Total reported revenue growth of 4% and adjusted revenue growth of 9%, which includes 3% reduction due to COVID. Included in that is organic growth of 3.3%, but again, we had nearly 3% of an unfavorable impact due to COVID-19. This would have been another quarter like our fourth quarter last year. And even with around 2% adverse impact of COVID-19, we posted a net earnings margin of 20.1% and more impressive adjusted EBITDAC margin of 32.2%. And we completed 8 acquisitions this quarter with estimated annualized revenues of $124 million. 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. I, too, extend my sincere appreciation to first responders and those on the front line. And also my thanks for our 34,000 colleagues. You had to navigate your own personal challenges presented by the pandemic, yet we're up and running in a few days, delivering timely advice and service to our clients. That's just simply amazing. So thank you.  Today, I'll walk you through the COVID-19 impact table on Page 2 of the earnings release and how that impacts our organic and margins on Pages 4 to 7. I'll address our expense savings initiatives. I'll provide some thoughts on our capital and liquidity, and I'll finish with a few short comments in the CFO Commentary Document.  So okay. Turning to the table on Page 2 of the earnings release. This table captures all of the COVID matters in our numbers. They are -- they all fully hit our reported GAAP numbers, and we did not adjust any of them out where we show our non-GAAP adjusted numbers. You'll see in the end, COVID didn't have much impact on net earnings nor on EPS, but there are 4 moving estimates that have a noticeable impact on revenues and EBITDAC.  First, let's address how it impacts revenues. And just as a reminder, about accounting standard 606 that drives our revenue accounting. We adopted that in 2008. Recall it requires us to estimate annualized ultimate revenues for contracts and policies with effective dates prior to closing the books, even if those annualized revenues are dependent on future events. We must make our best estimate. And as most of you know, there are a lot of insurance policies that have volume-like adjustments that can occur in the year after the policy effective date. Lines like workers' compensation, employee group medical plans, casualty lines that have adjustable premiums based on, say, future miles driven or flown. Those are just examples. And then you have experience-rated contracts. So there's a lot, so on and so forth. In the past, historical patterns drove those estimates, and changes in volumes would emerge slowly as our clients' businesses naturally evolve. That's not today's environment. Our customers' businesses have been dramatically altered in a few short weeks. That's the reality. So we need to make our best estimates of what will happen in the future for those pre-April 1 contract. It's not easy, but we still must do it. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. I think with that,, we'll go to some questions.
Operator: . Our first question is from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: First question. Pat, you talked about being prepared for the possibility that organic could go flat to even a bit negative for a couple of quarters, which I think makes sense to most investors given the backdrop. I just wanted to clarify that, that -- is that inclusive of the Gallagher Bassett segment, which I believe you're alluding to maybe having more of an organic growth impact versus Brokerage? And I guess should we be thinking then that earnings then and margins then given the CFO Commentary, then we'll also go -- would go a bit negative if that scenario plays out?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, again, Mike, as we try to be really clear that we don't know and we put language in the prepared remarks to make sure we understood that it could be material. But I'll be the perennial optimist, yes. We think that depending on what happens as these states begin to open up and economic activity, we'll see how deep and how long this recession goes. It could adversely impact just to the point, as we said, of a flat to down quarter or a number of quarters. I do think you're right that the Gallagher Bassett numbers, which, yes, are included in those discussions, could be a little bit more hard hit, but we'll just have to see how deep this thing goes.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Mike, on margins, just so you know, even if we end up in a flat environment for a couple of quarters with the expense saves that we are seeing, we should easily hold EBITDAC margins at historical levels and actually can probably increase them.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. So that -- I guess I'll use that as my follow-up, Doug. So $30 million of charges spread over the next 3 quarters. I typically think of -- in the -- typically think kind of a payback ratio and the payback ratio seems to be very large, $50 million to $75 million per quarter. So it sounds like a lot of these expense saves, should we be careful on our models not to kind of roll them over into future years because lots of this -- some of these things are just going to be temporary?
Douglas Howell: That's right. I think that this will get us through the trough in revenues. And then I think you have to think about us more in 2021 and '22, if we go back to organic growth, kind of where we were in '19, you would probably see margins like you saw in '19, maybe up 50 basis points for the year. Let's say that we get back to 5% organic growth in 2021 by some hook or crook, you would see probably our margins up 50 to 100 basis points over where they were in 2019. So we can fill the hole this year. And then I think we can get back to normal business, hopefully, in 2021 and '22, you would see it like the trends you saw going from 2018 to 2019. And then so just start with 2019 and pick 2021. That's probably how you should be looking at it. And then in '20, we just hope we can fill the hole.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Greg Peters of Raymond James.
Charles Peters: Pat, can we go back to your comments where you segmented out the 20% higher impact, 60% in the middle and 20% lower impact? Just curious how you came up with that. I'd characterize -- as I think about your business, for example, take the aerospace business, I don't hear of a lot of rate in aerospace. And yet, I would characterize that as a higher-impact business. And so you seem to imply that you're getting enough rate to offset exposure. But maybe you can give us some more color.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Sure. First of all, what we did, Greg, is say, all right, let's -- we can now segment our book of business, as you said, into quite detailed chunks. So we sat down and said, what are the industries out there that we think are going to be really hard hit. And those are the ones that we would then lump into the higher impact. So our hotel business, for instance. We can get very granular about how much of our business over the entire $5.6 billion to $6 billion revenue business is hotels. And it's less than $100 million. That's an example. So we took all those businesses that we -- and we just had to bucket them. So it was down and dirty. Hotels, restaurants, those went into the very high impact. Moderate impact, some construction, some transportation, and then low impact would be things that would go on like our public entity business, any hospital business, that type of thing. So when we looked at that, we then went in, we can also segment out. We can look at what's happening to the rates. And we can do that by account. We can do it by geography, and we can do it by type. And we looked at, we said, all right, let's take a look at the accounts that we put in each of those buckets.  And again, Greg, as we said throughout this whole thing, it's very early information, but what has actually happened to those clients that we thought were in the most impacted bucket. Now again, we're cautioning. We're saying this is what's happened in the first quarter and early days of April. So we've said clearly, hotels are going to show a lot more pain in the second and third quarter off of what happened to them in the first quarter. But nonetheless, what's happening to hotel rates? Well, guess what? They're not going down at the same time. So hotels are not going away. They are renewing their accounts. And those that are renewing their accounts are paying higher property rates. Now exposure units are down on renewal. But what we're saying in our prepared remarks is that right now, this bar, you've got a pretty nice offset. And those rates are holding.
Douglas Howell: And Greg, just to amplify that, we've got 156 sick codes on a sheet that counts for our revenue all of last year. And it's -- there's kind of that 20-60-20 distribution on it, both in terms of -- in terms of our last year's revenues and, like Pat said, eating and drinking places. That's in the high-impact one. You've got stone, clay, glass and concrete product manufacturers might be in the medium, and then you've got legal services that might be in the low. So you just pick out a sick code, we can slice and dice our revenues exactly by that. And then we can tell you by the coverage across the 2. So not only do we weight it by the industry, but we also looked at the coverage lines, too, as it informed our positions.
Charles Peters: Got it. Do the supplemental and contingents get affected by volumes as well?
Douglas Howell: Yes. In some case -- supplemental is not so much. That automatically adjusts with the volumes in the quarter. So that's not an issue. Our contingent -- pure contingents, you actually might have a lift in pure contingents if loss ratios are down because of lack of activity. But we do have contracts where there is a double trigger on their volume expectation, and then there's a loss expectation. And that's the one as we look at it going forward, we could have a little softness in that. And we put up about -- I think that was about $8 million of possible estimate reserve for that.
Charles Peters: Got it. I'm going to pivot to the balance sheet. Just two questions on that. First of all, given what the carriers are doing in terms of rebates, givebacks, delayed payments. I noted that your premium and fees receivable were up quite substantially from year-end. I'm wondering if there's anything in there, and how you're looking at that from a level of concern perspective. And then secondly, I just wanted to circle back on your intangible amortization charge. I think 30 -- in excess of 30 million people filed for unemployment in the last 6 weeks, I got to believe there's more potential risk in it and write-offs of customer lists than just that, but maybe you can add some color there.
Douglas Howell: Let's talk about the balance sheet. The big difference between December and March is that our reinsurance operations have a very heavy first quarter, and that's what influences that. It should not be looked at as a collectibility issue. Our cash flows during April are still strong. And so we are not having collectibility issues on that. That's not an indication that there's collectibility on those receivables. We only put up a bad debt reserve of $6 million, something like that, $7 million, $8 million this quarter. So it's -- we're not seeing that at all. And so you can't read-through on the balance sheet for that. So that's the reason why the balance sheet is up. The second part of your question was what?
Charles Peters: Around the intangible asset, the write-off of the customer lists. And just the fact that the balance of what's going on in the economy seems like there's more risk to goodwill and intangible write-offs than ever before. But we're just sitting on the outside looking in, so you have better perspective.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I can answer that. And first of all, we're nowhere near any type of goodwill impairment on this. As for the customer lists, maybe on the surface, it appears to be that way, Greg. But when you got a -- we got businesses that are really retaining 92%, 93%, 94% of their customers on an annual basis. Just because there's a bunch of people that are out of work doesn't necessarily mean that, that business is out of work. If they don't come back immediately -- don't come back in the next 2, 3, 4 months, maybe there could be. But again, it's a non -- one thing, as you know, it's a noncash charge, but we look very hard through hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of acquisitions during this quarter. And we do it every quarter anyway, and we just didn't see where there's massive falloff. So when you come up with $40-some million across the board of all these acquisitions, that's a pretty small tweak, like I said, it's 2%. If it deteriorates further and we have prolonged business outages, sure, there'll be some noncash write-offs on this, but it's kind of a no. Never mind.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the expense saves. So could you just give us a sense of like the geography by the segment? Or should we think about it in relation to the proportion of revenue between Brokerage and Risk Management? And then I guess tied to that question. Pat,  by saying, right, this expense focus, you could probably expand your margins even as books close. Was that a comment specific to both of your segments?
Douglas Howell: All right. So let me break this down. And you were cracking just a little bit, at least. So let me see if I -- is there a disproportionate cost-cutting opportunity between Gallagher Bassett and -- or the Risk Management segment and the Brokerage segment? Yes, I think in the Risk Management segment, you're probably looking at 25% to 30% of those savings, whereas that business itself is somewhere around 20% of our total business. So there's a slight skew to that business which would make sense because they're the ones that have the more volume-sensitive -- immediate volume-sensitive type business than the Brokerage business does. So that's the first part of the question. It's slightly skewed more towards that.  The margin question that you're asking is that if we're successful in achieving the expense savings to the level that we've planned for, you would actually see increasing margins in both segments on a quarterly basis.
Elyse Greenspan: And you expect to be at this $50 million to $75 million quarterly kind of run rate figure for the full Q2, right, because you started working on this in the middle of March?
Douglas Howell: Yes. We might not get -- listen, here it is May 1 tomorrow. We're going to get much of it this quarter. But if I -- if we can get 90% of this quarter, then we'll catch up in the third quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one more question on the COVID-related revenue adjustments. So just so I understand, so that's on basically -- it's everything as it sits today. So even if we continue in this economic slowdown, you wouldn't expect to see any further 606-related adjustments? Or I guess unless assumption changed materially from what you're thinking today?
Douglas Howell: All right. Two answers to that is for there should be none of that going forward, if customers adjust their exposure units for renewals beginning April 1, May 1, June 1. So they adjust down, then there would be no COVID-related type adjustment, right? They're just going to buy less insurance, right? For contracts that were basically written -- in January, we put all those to bed. We did all the work for it. We booked what we thought was the revenue that we'd get over the 12 months following that contract date. We had to reestimate what we think we're going to get from those here in the last few weeks, almost a subsequent-event type of valuation of those revenues. Could there be further deterioration in that? Yes. Sure. There could be if the number of covered lives decreases further than our estimates, if we get more audits that come in afterwards if there are more midterm cancellations, you could have a further COVID adjustment. But I hope that we've got it all at this point, but we'll see. And we'll track that for you, and we'll show you how much it was.
Elyse Greenspan: And just one last clarification. Your organic outlook of flat to maybe slightly down. That's an all-in, including your contingency supplementals like you usually give guidance, correct?
Douglas Howell: Yes. That's right. And let's make sure we understand that. Here we are chugging along and having good organic this quarter. If we have a dip next quarter, and we might have a little dip in the third quarter, our assumptions are by the fourth quarter that we would be back to a decent organic level. And if that pushes into 2021, what I'm saying is I don't see us being negative for, at the most, a couple of quarters. Even then, I think I'd be a little bit surprised.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: I guess first question, Doug, I think in your prepared comments, you said that you'd expect EBITDAC margins to be at historical levels maybe slightly above. When you talk about historical levels, what are we talking about here? Are we looking at last three years, last decade? Could you give us maybe a sense of what it is your thinking here?
Douglas Howell: All right. So let's go back to the margin comment. I think that probably the better way for you to do it to just assume we're going to get $50 million to $75 million of revenue. And if you just hold our revenue flat to last year for the second and third quarter, you can't help but get margin expansion, right? If you take last year, so you're going to get margin expansion even a flat or in a slightly down organic environment if that happens. It will -- if it reverts in the fourth quarter or into next year, then you're going to be -- I think Mike asked the question about it earlier, by the time you get to 2021, if we're chugging out organic like we were in 2019, we're going to put some of these costs back into the structure. So take your 2019 margin and grow it kind of what we did between '18 and '19 and '21, and you'll kind of be there. So you're going to get an increase in margin in the short term, and then it's going to revert back a little bit more in the longer term. I want to make sure that I'm clear on something there. Does everybody understand? I don't know if I misspoke. We think that we're going to get $50 million to $75 million of expense savings each quarter going forward, not revenue saving. Whatever the revenue, it is what it is. But we're adjusting our expense basis down $50 million to $75 million of expense. I may have misspoke on that, but...
Yaron Kinar: I think I understand that. But if I look at the revenue base of 2019, that's like over 4% of margins, right, in Brokerage and Risk Management.
Douglas Howell: Say again. Yaron, sorry, we got some static on the line.
Yaron Kinar: Sorry about that. I think if I look at that $50 million to $75 million of quarterly expense saves and I look at the revenue base for 2019, that's over 4% margin.
Douglas Howell: Could be.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. All right. And then I guess my second question is around capital, how you're thinking about it here? I would think you have a lot of disruption in the space, maybe creating opportunity for M&A., besides the fact that you can't really meet with anybody right now in this environment. Are you interested? Has your appetite for M&A increased here? Or would you say that maybe you have a greater maybe as a precautionary measure, more interest in preserving capital and liquidity here?
Patrick Gallagher: No. This is Pat, Yaron. We are really interested in the acquisitions. This is a time for people now to sit back and take a look at what the competitive landscape was. There were an awful lot of competitors out there with great stories and lots of money in the bank. And now I think there'll be a time for people to look and really think who do they want to be with. And if we can get people to sort of think through the acquisition of their life's work, and where they want to have their people employed after the deal is done, we think we'll do very, very well. So we are wide open for business, and we are not trying to preserve capital when it comes to acquisitions.
Douglas Howell: You get a little bit of difficult rate and conditions out there in the marketplace, Yaron. And you sit there and say, would you rather do it alone? Or would you rather do it with us? I know where I'd be if I own my own agency. I'd be sitting there saying, how do I go to a strategic that can actually deliver capabilities and resources that will help me sell more business, that's where I'd want to be right now. And we're tightening our belt here on expenses, but we still have -- we're not cutting into the meat of our capabilities. We're -- we can tighten our belt and get through this trough in the revenues. If I were somebody selling, I'd be thinking pretty hard about coming to Gallagher right now.
Yaron Kinar: So I think -- in one of the more recent Investor Days, you had talked about targeting about $1.5 billion worth of acquisitions in 2020. So is that still achievable or something you could do?
Douglas Howell: Listen, we have the capacity to do that type of ball. I just don't think it will present itself. I think that there's a lot going on right now, getting people back out to do due diligence, it'd be pretty hard for us to spend that amount of money between now and the end of the year. But does that mean we couldn't catch up in 2021? If this is a V-shape recovery, there'll be plenty of opportunities to buy, and we might be a little short for a quarter or two. But by 2021, you could see us having a huge year.
Operator: And our next question is from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Doug, I'm not sure whether you touched on this, but your cash flow expectations for this year. If you undertake all these measures and it sort of plays out as expected, what does that do for free cash?
Douglas Howell: Okay. Let's say, I don't know if I have a number right for you on how much could generate. But the fact is, if we have a little bit of a lull in M&A, right? If we have expense cuts of, let's say, $75 million a quarter for 3 quarters, there's another 2.25, right? And we typically -- we're probably starting with $500 million to probably $700 million even after paying the dividend. So you've got a lot of -- you could have $1 billion of excess cash by the end of the year if organic doesn't -- if it's flat for a couple of quarters or down just a little bit. I don't know if I care either way. You could have a substantial amount of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the year.
Mark Hughes: Any distinctions internationally, when you look at the different markets you're in, any doing notably better or worse?
Douglas Howell: We had really a great quarter in our U.K. operations. The organic was very strong in the U.K. So that business there seems to be holding in very well. Early April, returns on that don't show a lot of stress either. So we're having really terrific results in our U.K. operations. Canada had a great quarter also. I think that's really doing well in Canada. Our operations there has really come together in the last few years, and we're running really nice, upper 30 points of margin in it. Australia and New Zealand, they were coming off some pretty hard market there's -- rate environment there for a while. We'll see what happens with the fires happening, but there seems to be good organic growth there. And then in the U.S. we had terrific results, too. In April, I was surprised by our guys, to be honest, they're selling a lot of business. I look at the new business sheet every day. And there are -- our guys are selling a lot of new business out there still here in April.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And I'd add to that, too, Doug, that if you take a look at places where we're smaller around the rest of the world, very, very strong start to the year. Latin America, our operations and, as you said, Canada, the global picture looks really, really good so far.
Mark Hughes: And then last question. I just wonder on the claims count. You talked about the kind of high-frequency claims are down 50%. Anything that jumps out at you about things you might not have expected? Other types of claims that frequency is down, and I'm curious, any observations about workers' comp, specifically. How you see claims there?
Patrick Gallagher: I think Mark... you go Doug, and then I'll go ahead. Go ahead, Doug.
Douglas Howell: I think I think we're surprised in the Gallagher Bassett unit about the strength of some of the industries like -- especially like in the hospital sector right now. It's -- claims are still coming in. And we are starting to get more and more workers' comp claims related to COVID also. So our customers are going to have workers' comp claims related to COVID. But the kind of the recurring just manufacturing medical-only type "back to work in a day or so" type claims, if you don't have a lot of people working, you just don't have a lot of those arising. So I think that, to be honest, the severity claims are still there. The frequency is down. But again, it was -- it's 10% of our business. And that's -- it's not all that margin fix. So we've got the ability to adjust our headcount on that, and we've used a lot of temporary labor there. We do a lot of contract or contingent labor. So we have the ability to flex that labor pool pretty easily on it.
Patrick Gallagher: I would add to that, though, Mark. One thing I was surprised at is how quickly on that side of claims side, it began to move. I mean as we saw unemployment requests go up very quickly in end of March, those claims came down very quickly as well. People getting out of work were not filing claims, which is interesting.
Operator: And our next question is from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler.
Jon Newsome: I thought it was interesting in the CFO Commentary that the expected weighted average of EBITDAC acquisition pricing was down a tick or 2. Is that a reflection of what you perceive as the acquisition market? Or is that a reflection of just trying to be more disciplined in a difficult environment?
Douglas Howell: I think really when you look at it, when you look at it, Paul, when you're talking about doing 7 deals, mergers across $30 million of revenue, you're talking about a nice bolt-in acquisition. We didn't have any big larger ones in the quarter caps because that was already in our numbers, but we didn't have a Stackhouse Poland for last year. We didn't have a Jones brown up in Canada. So it's these nice tuck-in bolt-on acquisitions. We're still doing nicely in the 8s in there. So that's what you're seeing there.
Jon Newsome: And then I guess do you have expectations when you're doing deals that you'll also see similar drop-offs in revenues that you would experience?
Douglas Howell: I think it certainly puts -- the idea of growth in an acquisition has always been one of those things that the seller believes they're going to grow x, we believe they're going to grow at a percentage of x. And so we put part of purchase price on an earnout. And I think in this uncertain time, there will be considerably more sellers willing to take more on an earnout because I think they're going to want to grow out of this environment. We're going to want to help them grow. Nothing would make me happier for everybody to come in and hit their earnout. That means they're growing well, and we're all doing well then.
Patrick Gallagher: Let me weigh in on that. As Doug had said earlier, if you're going to be running a smaller brokerage right now, who would you like to partner with? I'd like to partner with the firm that's going to help me make my earnout. When rates are going up and everything is dandy, making my earnout the way I did it all the time in the past might not be that difficult. All of a sudden, right now, capabilities make a difference.
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: Two really quick questions. First, it really sounds like, other than exposure units, that things are going full bore. I was wondering if you could comment on the producer recruitment that is a company in that.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. We are wide open for producer recruitment. I mean this is -- no matter what the day or the time is in terms of good economies, bad economies, we are always looking for solid production talent, and that's no different now. But as we've talked about the acquisition process, I think that there's going to be a little less competition. Or maybe let me put it this way. We're still one of the few places of size and capability that are happy to pay our producers on what they actually produce, what they're buying and what they bill. And if I'm looking around at where I'm going to go, am I going to go down the street to the Jones agency or am I going to come to a Gallagher, who understands production from the standpoint that we are a broker run by brokers. Every single one of us, with the exception of the professionals, have been on the street. And I think that resonates right now. And we get a lot of people that are interested in. "Yes, really, how does this work?" Well, now they've got capabilities with us to go out and pick on the smaller guys and say, "no, no, no, you don't understand. This is really something we can help you with." And that resonates in today's market. So I think that: number one, it's a great time for us to be recruiting; and number two, we're going to have lots of success with that.
Meyer Shields: Yes. No. That makes perfect sense. Maybe this is a question for Doug. Are we going to see any impact in 2021 from the expense pullbacks in 2020?
Douglas Howell: So do you think we could have savings in 2021 versus what we put in this year as they got a carryover impact? Is that your question?
Meyer Shields: No. The other way. In other words, obviously, you were spending this for a reason, which doesn't preclude -- responding to sort of the weird situation, but are these loss, I'm thinking of them in terms of investments, are those going to show up at 2021?
Douglas Howell: I think you're asking, do we think we're going to have a setback in our progress of building a better franchise as a result of these expense cuts. I think that's really what you're asking. We believe that most of these are immediately consumable type of expenses that if we're not traveling today, I don't know how that's going to impact us next year. So travel comes back, I don't think that's going to hurt us. I think that some of our other belt-tightening exercises that we're doing right now have shown that really, we can bring some of this work that we've been doing in-house that maybe we've been using external consultants for. We actually can be using some things and doing some cost-saving measures that we didn't realize that we had the opportunity to do by sharing across divisions, kind of breaking down some of those silos in terms of being better together internally. How much is it going to keep -- hurt us going back? Maybe a little bit on the technology investment, but we're cutting technology investments in nonclient-facing type areas. So are we going to refresh our website this year again? Maybe not. But if we do it next year, that's probably okay. We still want to make those investments. But that would be an example of -- is it going to really hold us back from selling more insurance? Probably not.
Patrick Gallagher: Meyer, let me give you a bit of where I think this is going to carry over to next year, which are some things I've been seeing in the last 2 months that I'm really excited about. Number one, cross-selling. I think you've heard me say 100 times that that's one of the things in the company that I'm always harping on. And this, all of a sudden has given a lot of light to that. People are saying from the property casualty side or the benefit side, wait a minute, my customers really do need help. So we're seeing those opportunities grow. We're also finding an opportunity to wipe out more of what we refer to as white space. We know that on average, we're doing, I'll make this up, 3 or 4 lines of coverage per client when they're probably buying 10 to 12. Wait a minute, we're doing 4 really well for you, and you need help on the other 8.  We're picking up those accounts. And the other thing is trading with ourselves. As we've been doing acquisitions, of course, they all come with their London broker. They've been in business with for 100 years. And we explained to them why they should trade with us in London. And by and large, we've done a good job of moving some of that business. But today, when you get a crisis like this and you say, "Guys, this is really about making sure we do the right thing for the client, and we've got a better group of people in our London office than you've been trading with. No more excuses. Move it." They're doing it. So their benefits have come from these bad times that will, in fact, pull over into '21 and 22.
Operator: . Our next question is coming from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous. 
Ryan Tunis: So I just wanted to talk a little bit about thinking about the mousetrap for even like in '19, when we were getting to mid-single-digit organic, clearly, to get there, there was quite a bit of new business that was being written. What was the new business volume? What's kind of been the annual pace of new business?
Douglas Howell: Go ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Yes. No. No. I was just going to say in terms of on the revenue line. Yes, the number, sorry, Doug.
Douglas Howell: There's two different numbers in there. Some of it, if you just talk about new business relating to one-shot type opportunities like a bond or something like that. You've got that, and then you've got the other, just what's the annual -- related to annual policies that you would expect to keep a client and keep renewing. The way to really think about this is the delta between the new and lost. And we've been getting probably about 2 or 3 points of limp from rate in the past. So our new business has been always outgrowing our lost business, call it, by 3%. And maybe it's more 4% net new and 2% because of rate and exposure, we were kind of toggling to a point really at the end of last year, where almost all of that was -- of the 2 to 3 points for June rate and exposure was really coming from rate, not from exposure.  We had gone through the exposure growth period from 2012 to 2017, and we're kind of -- the other -- that kind of declined a little or flattened out a little bit and we're getting rate. What could happen as we come out of this? Well, you could see another growth in exposure units. It will recover from the contraction. And I still believe that there's rate out there. That tends to -- when there's rate happening out there, you tend to get more looks at new business. And then it also -- you got to make sure that you secure and hold on to your renewal business. So what do we see in next year? I would say maybe a new business in excess of loss business because we compete 90% of the time with somebody less than us, maybe you'll see that widen out by 1 point at least in that spread.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Ryan. Doug can give you the numbers in terms of the spread and what have you. What we saw in the last couple of years, which has been really heartening is that we bifurcated our business or trifurcated into the small business kind of medium and the large risk management stuff. And what we're finding is we've had a lot more success the last couple of years on accounts that we would consider just slightly bigger than the norm in the past. So we have been -- and those have not been coming from taking on our larger competitors. We do find and we compete against  and we do fine, they do fine against us. But as Doug just said, 90% of the time, we're competing with somebody smaller. And what we found in the last two years is we are taking their bigger accounts. They're actually -- we're having more success with accounts that are a bit bigger. So that does add up to a percentage of trailing book of business, which has grown nicely over the last couple of years.
Ryan Tunis: So then it's fair to say that in your outlook for kind of flat to maybe slightly down, you're assuming that you're still going to be able to generate more new business than you lose for 2020.
Patrick Gallagher: By far. Listen, here's the thing, right. Right now this is my calls every day. This is our time. This is difficult on our people, working at home, where half of them are sturt crazy, bunch of them have kids, it's not easy. They're still making calls. We're picking up orders right now from clients we haven't had a personal meeting with. We're going through what we have in terms of communication capabilities, what we have in terms of capabilities, to help them through, whether it's the CARES Act or what they're doing and what's going on in the market. And they're not getting that help from the smaller local broker. So I'm very pleased with the new business that's actually occurred over the last month. I mean we've actually had it -- it's held up comparative to January and February, which I've been amazed at. And of course, as Doug mentioned in his remarks, our retention is a bit stronger because when we're in a normal environment, that local broker who's got good markets, just doesn't have the capabilities. They could beat us from time to time. So we're seeing our lost business come down a smidge and our new business is up. So now what happens with exposure units and bankruptcies and unemployment and all the rest of that tends to suck the wind out of you. But I'm excited about new business right now. We're a new business machine.
Ryan Tunis: So my other one is just on, I guess, thinking about your revenues, what percent of your revenues are tied to some sort of headcount metric? Like I'm being in workers' comp and employee benefits and also. What percentage of your revenues are -- maybe -- I don't know if nonrecurring is the right question, but I'm thinking about like a construction project. So like to replace the construction project from last year, you need to write a new construction project this year.
Patrick Gallagher: That's right.
Ryan Tunis: That type of thing.
Patrick Gallagher: Our entire bond book is exactly what we're talking about. We look at it every year and budget the fact that the XYZ construction company who does infrastructure work is going to be able to continue to do that work. And of course, new projects are going to come up. Now you take those projects away, and they'll drop. Now presently, the government is not withdrawing into those projects. So those that are doing hard infrastructure work, we're going to probably continue right on with that. But you asked a question, a lot of the business, all workers' compensation is predicated, as you know, on payroll. And by and large, what you've got in our entire benefits book, which is over $1 billion in revenue, is tied to employee headcounts. So we are subject to the decrease of employees or decrease in payrolls.
Ryan Tunis: How big is the bond book? I'm sorry.
Douglas Howell: The bond book?
Ryan Tunis: Yes.
Douglas Howell: I don't know. I'd have to take a look at. I got to see if I can dig that up for you quickly.
Patrick Gallagher: Don't have that.
Ryan Tunis: My last 1 was just, obviously, on the carrier calls, there's been a lot of discussion around business interruption. And I'm just curious in how hectic is it in terms of talking to your clients? Are there a lot of claims coming in? Is there a lot of handholding? Or you feel like a lot of the coverages are pretty easy to explain. They kind of get it that type of thing?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, you've got to start with. There's a tremendous number of clients who for their own reasons have chosen -- this is why we're getting some feedback. There's a number of clients, of course, that have chosen not to buy business interruption. So we take them and move them aside. Then there's different forms of business interruption throughout the marketplace. And those forms will dictate whether or not the carriers or the coverage. And we represent our clients. We're going to sit with our clients. And yes, there's a lot of activity in this regard and take them through what they bought, what the limits are that they bought, and whether or not it looks as though they have coverage because there are some coverages in the market that clearly cover pandemic. Now there are many others that simply say, there has to be a physical damage to the premises for it to be a covered loss. And there's been strong leadership from the insurance company side, saying, look, we're going to pay the claims that we know we have that are appropriate claims. We're going to pay them quickly. But we're not going to amend our contract, and we're going to have to help our clients, which is what we do, go through that environment. And if they have a rightful claim, we're going to do everything we can to make sure it gets paid.
Douglas Howell: Ryan, just a follow-up, I did dig a couple of numbers out for you. Last year, we did nonrecurring type business, which would probably include our bonds and everything of about 1% of our total revenue. So if it all went away forever, our organic last year of 6% would have been 5%. Workers' comp and what we consider to be high-impact areas is also about 1%. So 100% of all those employees went away and stayed away and never came back for an entire year and cost us another point on our organic.
Operator: And our next question is from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: And I had one last question. Do you guys have through the years, have spoken about the outsourcing operations that you have in India, it seems like the impact of COVID there has been lagging the U.S. by about 4 to 5 weeks. So I was just wondering if there was -- we should be thinking about any impact on your business within India. And then I might have one other follow-up as well.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I'll take that. I think I just couldn't be more pleased with our capabilities. Those folks have trained and planned and had actually done exercises of working from home. We knew that if any of those locations went down, we could move that work to their home with their laptops. We have not seen any delimitation at all in the service provided by our service centers. And remember, our service centers are now in India, small in the Philippines and also in Las Vegas in the United States. And those service centers have continued to provide absolutely impactable service for the last two months, not even a noticeable change. And while it's difficult for many of them as well to be at home, we don't see that changing at all in the future.
Douglas Howell: Yes. It's really been a remarkable, Elyse. They -- since day 1, they are trained and they rehearse to do all their work from home. We're a paperless environment there, the laptops come home with them every day. We have -- you get some brownouts there from time to time, where you have a little problem with electrical grid. So we've got experience with them being at home. Internet connectivity is required for them in order to have a job at as a home Internet connectivity. So I'm really impressed with the sturdiness of that operation that hasn't missed a beat.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's great. And then last question. In terms of the expense saves, is there -- can you give us a sense of just by geography, if they might be more pronounced in the U.S., the U.K., obviously, Australia, New Zealand or even within India? How do you think about the geographic base of the expense save?
Douglas Howell: Yes. I can probably dig that out for you here if I get to the right piece of paper. I'm a little short on it. But I don't see it disproportionately in any 1 location versus the other. So obviously, I would say it's proportional to our revenues by geography. But I'll look at it here if you have another question, but I'll take a look at it as I dug this out. 
Elyse Greenspan: Well, that was maybe the last.
Douglas Howell: I got it here. I don't see it as being disproportionately different by country or by division, other than the Gallagher Bassett matter that we talked about.
Patrick Gallagher: I think that's probably it for questions. Why don't I just make a quick comment here, we'll wrap it up. Again, thanks for joining us this afternoon. We really appreciate you being here. As you can see from our comments, our focus is clearly now on the difficult, evolving operating environment. I'm confident that we have the right platform, people and strategy to manage through the current environment for the benefit of all of our stakeholders, our employees, our clients, our carrier partners and our shareholders. Thanks for being with us, and thanks to all of our teammates for delivering a great quarter again. Stay healthy, everybody.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have placed on a listen-only mode. Your line will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. And if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call or described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We finished 2019 on a high note. The brokerage and risk management teams delivered outstanding results on all measures. In the quarter we combine to post 17% growth in revenue, 5.8% all in organic growth, expanded margins of 134 basis points and we completed 11 mergers during the quarter representing about $117 million of annualized revenue. This caps off an excellent full-year where our combined brokerage and risk management teams posted 14% growth in revenue, 5.6% all inorganic growth, expanded margins 76 basis points and we completed 49 mergers representing about $468 million of annualized revenue, an outstanding quarter, an excellent full year and I'm more confident today that this momentum will continue in 2021. I want to thank every Gallagher professional for their relentless focus on delivering the very best insurance brokerage, consulting and risk management services to our customers around the world.  Let me peel back our fourth quarter results a bit more by segment and give some thoughts on why I have reason to believe that 2020 will be as good, if not better the 2019. Our comments today will focus on the four key drivers of our long-term value creation strategy. Those four are, number one, organic growth including what we're seeing around the world in terms of rate exposures. Number two, merger and acquisition growth in our current merger pipeline. Number three, improving our productivity and quality. And four, what makes us -- what makes all this happen which is our bedrock culture. Now let's moved to our brokerage segment performance starting with organic. Fourth quarter organic growth was 6.1% all in, base commission and fee growth was a little over then that due to the repricing of a wholesale program, which we discussed at our December IR day. But contingents performed a bit better than we expected not an exact offset, but close. Let me breakdown our organic growth by geography. First, our domestic retail P&C operations were very strong above 6% and retail benefits were up around 4%. Our domestic wholesale operations, that's our open brokerage program manager and underwriting business were up about 7%. Outside the U.S. our UK operations posted 6% organic. Canada was up more than 10% and Australia and New Zealand grew around 6%. PC rates and exposures continue to be a tailwind to our organic growth, with renewal premium change now comfortably above 5%. Let me give you a few noteworthy sound bites for the quarter. Starting in the U.S. our retail PC and wholesale business, up about 5.5%, property lines are up about 9%, while casualty lines are up about six, workers compensation is down a couple points. Renewal change in our open brokerage wholesale business is the strongest domestically up about 7%. Moving to the UK. Retails up about 3.5% with continued upward pressure on professional liability, which is up close to 7%. London specialty is up around 5% to 10% in many classes. In Canada, up about 5% across most lines of business with property up [Indiscernible] New Zealand is up around 4%, but its been drifting lower from 2018 levels. And finally Australia is of about 7%. So after trending higher geographies for the past two years, I would characterize the PC market is having moved from stable to firm, not hard like we saw the mid-80s in the nearly 2000s, but certainly firm. Our recent survey of our PC producers suggest that the 2019 rate momentum has continued in the 2020, further unemployment remains at historically low levels nearly everywhere in our clients businesses are expanding in a favorable economic environment. Taken together these market conditions should continue to provide us with a nice organic growth tailwind. That said, we're still in an environment where professionals can develop creative solutions that help our clients mitigate or partially mitigate rate increases. In addition, clients will ask us to deliver a risk management program within their budget that might be flat or up only a percent or two. That means they might opt out of certain coverages, increased deductibles, reduce limits et cetera. In other words, not all the rate tailwinds show up in our organic growth. So as I sit here today, I see 2020 brokerage organic growth again in the upper 5% range and might very well take over 6% especially if we don't have a deterioration in economic confidence. Now let me talk about brokerage fourth quarter merger and acquisition growth. We had another active quarter completing 11 brokerage acquisitions with average revenues of about $10 million. Our merger and acquisition momentum continues. Already this year we've announced four tuck-in mergers and also moved to 100% ownership of Capsicum Re. We are excited to be fully together now the Capsicum team. And I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us. And I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Looking forward our internal M&A pipeline report shows around $250 million of revenues associated with about 50 term sheets either agreed-upon or being prepared. This is down a little bit for the last few quarters as first quarter deal activity can be a little slower than later quarters. But I'd still believe that 2020 should be another strong year for our tuck-in merger and acquisition strategy as we continue to attract entrepreneurial partners that believe in our unique culture and realize that we could be more successful together. Moving to productivity and quality. Brokerage adjusted EBITDAC margins expanded 151 basis points this quarter, helps by higher contingent commissions and acquisitions. This marks the 33rd consecutive quarter of margin expansion and is a reflection of all the hard work that brokerage team is done to find efficiencies and increase quality. So to wrap up the brokerage segment, for the full year we delivered 15% growth in revenue, 5.8% all in organic growth, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 75 basis points and we completed 46 mergers representing about $452 million of annualized revenues. What an outstanding year for our brokerage team. Next, I would like to move to our risk management segment. Fourth quarter organic growth was a solid 4.7% in line with the mid-single digit organic guidance we provided at our December IR Day. Underlying the organic results we saw workers compensation and general liability claim counts growing in the 1% range for the full year. Pricing increases are modest. But new business wins highlight that are highly effective in customized claims, handling capabilities are being recognized as driving better outcomes. We continue to see carriers outsourcing a portion of their claims operations as a great long-term opportunity for Gallagher Bassett. As we look forward to next year, we estimate 2020 risk management organic will be in the 5% to 7% range. So wrap up my risk management comments, for the full year we posted 5% growth in total revenue, 4.4% all in organic growth, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 74%, and we completed three mergers representing about $16 million of annualized revenue, another really solid year for the Gallagher Bassett team. And finally, I'll touch on our unique Gallagher culture. You can see from the results that we've shared today, the Gallagher Way continues to drive our consistent growth. Our shared values help maintain our culture and encourage employees worldwide to push for excellence in everything we do. Our cultures has earned us recognition in 2019 as the world's most ethical company, eighth consecutive years running. Just last week, we also received a top score 100% on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index. This is the second consecutive year we receive this honor. As proud as I am of the outstanding performance we had this last quarter, this last year and this last decade. I'm more proud of the way our culture has stay true throughout all of that. We've always been guided by the Gallagher Way and for 92 plus years we've been building this unique culture. I'm looking forward to seeing our culture thrive in this new decade. Okay. A great quarter and a fantastic year across the board. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat, and good afternoon everyone. Before I dive into our result, I too would like to thank all of our professionals around the world for such a strong finish to a great year. It is especially exciting to report back-to-back years as a more than 5% organic growth and the environment is right to make that to repeat here in 2020. If I step back and look at our adjusted results for the quarter, our brokerage segment posted $0.67, our risk management segment $0.09, and our corporate segment a loss of $0.18. So total adjusted EPS of $.58. Risk management and the corporate segment were in line with our December Investor Day expectations and our brokerage segment came in even better. When you look at the brokerage organic table on page five and the EBITDAC margin table on page six, you'll see that strength in our brokerage segment came from strong organic growth of over 6% and adjusted margin expansion of 151 basis points. Of that 151 basis points about a third was related to higher contingents, about another third due to seasonality of a couple recent acquisitions and the remaining third is margin expansion we would expect in a mid 5% base commission and fee organic environment. Having now been through our 2020 budgeting process, it is clear that we're seeing the benefits of our constant focus on improving our productivity, lowering our cost all the while ensuring that we raise our quality also. It is an environment where rates are increasing -- excuse me, in an environment where rates are increasing, it takes more work by our teams to develop creative solutions, shop the market and guide our clients, that increases our cost somewhat. In addition, we're making substantial investments in hardening our IT environment, building our data and analytics capabilities, investing in marketing and brand awareness, growing our producer ranks and other investments that help us sell more hire more and acquire. However, we can offset these rising costs and still expand margins. Our businesses are proving that scale and our efforts over the last 15 years to standardize and shift work into our offshore centers of excellence can lead to steady improvements that offset wage increases and inflation and yet still allow us to make very important investment. So, when I look at 2020, I see another year like 2019. If we have organic in the upper 5% range, margin should expand 50 to 70 basis points. One other small net, when you get back to page 12, you'll see that the impact of minority interest on our brokerage segment EPS is better than our December IR day estimates. On the surface that gives the appearance of a couple million dollars or a penny or s better. But that's not really the case. You can't see if there's a like-for-like unfavorable amount in our base numbers, so that washes out to nothing. So no impact on EPS. Moving to the risk management segment on pages six and seven, you heard Pat talk about the solid organic growth and we posted margins above 17% despite lesser performance revenues and I think that's really good work by the team this quarter. Looking towards 2020 we're a bit more optimistic about organic and we're also targeting margins in the upper 17% range. Our risk management team is also seen scale advantages which is allowing us to provide deeper and more specialized services that deliver better claim outcomes for our customers. As for the non-GAAP adjustments this quarter, most are very close to what we forecasted during our December IR day. But there was one new item for the fourth quarter. Our full year 2019 effective tax rate dropped during the fourth quarter when we filed our state tax returns. These filings triggered a benefit primarily due to reinforcement and some changes we made our legal entity structure. It's a real drop for the full year and going forward. But we did adjust out the favorable catch up amounts from earlier quarters. Moving now to the corporate segment on page eight of the earnings release. Nothing significant here from our December IR day. Interest is in line. Clean energy a little better. M&A costs were little higher yet corporate costs a little lower. So now, let's move to the CFO commentary document we post on our website. On page two, you'll see that we have now provided our first look at 2020 for items related to brokerage and risk management segment. As an overall, we have the capacity to do another $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion of mergers again this year with cash and debt. But you should know that we don't include any future mergers in any of the estimates we're providing in the CFO commentary document. Our estimates only include mergers that we've closed by today and debt that we have borrowed as of today. So this mean you should start with our estimates for amortization expense, estimated earnout accretion expense and interest expense, but you must then make an estimate for additional amount for each of those line items that arise from future M&A. So for example, if we do $1.6 billion of M&A this year and let's assume that all happens equally each quarter, call it $400 million a quarter, you'll see in footnote one that it says amortization should increase about 1% per dollar spent on M&A. So call that an additional $4 million [ph] in the second quarter, $8 million in the third and $12 million in the fourth. As for earnout accretion that should grow about $1 million to $2 million a quarter on that example. And then asked for interest expense. We just closed a $575 million round. So our numbers already include interest for that. But if you assume we borrow another say $300 million on June 30 that would mean your interest expense estimate should go up by $3 million in third and $3 million in the fourth. Again, these are just examples for illustration. My point is simply to make sure the assumptions for M&A factor in the non-cash amortization accretion and also the interest expense. Two other items on page two of the CFO commentary. Noncontrolling interest, much lower going forward especially in the first quarter, because we now owned 100% Capsicum. And you'll see that we lowered our expected tax rate reflect the tax -- the state tax benefit I mentioned earlier. Moving into page three of the CFO commentary, we've now added the light reddish columns which provides our first look at 2020 quarterly estimates and also updates our full year estimates that we provided during our December IR day. Two matters to note. First, when you update your brokerage and risk management segment for our lower tax rate you'll need to also update for a lower state tax benefit in the corporate segment. We've done that for you in the reddish column. The total company is actually a $0.02 to $0.03 benefit, but there is some geography between segments. Second, our 2020 quarterly comparatives to 2019 will change. Recall that in early 2019, we sold a non-core brokerage operation, that triggered a large gain, which then causes to recognize the large amount of credits in the first quarter of 2019. We don't have any meaningful sales and profits, though we are not anticipating recognizing as many tax credits in the first quarter 2020. That will also caused all of 2020 quarters to be proportionally different than 2019. Okay. I'll wrap up. It was an outstanding quarter to close out a really terrific year, setting us up for even a better year here in 2020. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Doug. Great quarter, fantastic year. Let's go to some questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. My question is on -- I guess starting off with contingents within brokerage. Pretty strong this quarter. And it seems like that was really what drove the upside on the organic relative to your December expectations. Is that trendable? Or I guess, could maybe you could expand on what you're expecting from contingents in 2020 embedded within your upper 5% organic revenue guide?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think just at the level set, we had 5.5% on base, we had 6.1% or 6% or so on supplemental and then contingents were higher than that. It did drive a little bit of the upside. I think in December we're talking about being in the high 5% range. So it did add a little bit. Recall that we did reprice one program that we gave you a heads up about, that detracted from that. As we're going forward, we think our position on contingents is still strong. The issue will be as the program start to have or contract start to have loss ratio problems you could see some softness in that in 2020 compared to how strong it was here in 2019. On the other hands if that's the case, you'd see that kind of the offset and stronger base commissions also.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, the compensation of expense ratio that trended down nicely on this quarter and probably I think for most of quarters of 2019. Can you just talk about how we should think about savings going forward. I know in the press release you guys mentioned some headcounts and employee benefit savings as we think about modeling the potential margin improvement in 2020?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think -- we have some pretty good success. We had another wave of harvesting some of the gains from our offshore centers of excellence, so we have some headcount reductions. We watched attrition pretty closely this year. I wouldn't see the same amount of improvement purely in the compensation line, rather I think that if we're in the upper 5% you're going to see margin expansion in that 50 to 70 basis point range.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, did the -- the aviation business, did all the earnings come on in the fourth quarter? Just trying to understand if that was a big impact on the margins you saw?
Doug Howell: Yes. I said in my comment, about a third of that came -- third of 150 basis points did come from the acquisition activity that rolled in the fourth quarter, a big piece of that is the aviation business. When you look at supplementals and when you -- you'll see a pretty good number there from acquisitions. That really is coming from a couple of the recent acquisitions that we did mid-year that came in the fourth quarter. But so, 50 basis points of our margin expansion is result of the rolling of acquisitions.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last question. The M&A multiple, you guys took up the range I think a little bit, but didn't change the high-end. And it did seem like some of your deals have been kind of above that of late. Is that just the larger deal? So -- are still like the smaller sized transactions, has the multiple just not moved that much on those deals?
Doug Howell: That's right. I think if you look at it for the -- I think there were seven large deals that we did this year. I'm going from memory and I think that those might have been about 9.5, but for the rest of the deals that we did it really were somewhere around between 8.5 and 9 or maybe like 8.8, if I remember right exactly. So if you bifurcate that -- and our M&A pipeline right now doesn't have any large deals that might push that multiple higher.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Follow-up a follow up to Elyse's question. So, Doug, in terms of the very healthy margin expansion in the brokerage segment, the seasonality from acquisitions, that's permanent, right, so we're not -- that's going to persist in 4Q 2020 and beyond. So I just want to be -- make sure?
Doug Howell: Yes. That would be right. So I might have some softness on margins a little bit in the first and the second quarter, but it would be there again for the first year -- for the full year.
Mike Zaremski: So yes. So then -- so if those acquisitions you're saying are lighter on margin. So, should we be expecting in some -- you're saying some a little bit basis points wise of pressure on the go forward 1Q, 2Q, 3Q?
Doug Howell: It might. I think if we're looking at a full-year of 50 to 70 basis points, let's split the difference, call it 60 basis point. You might not see a full 60 basis points in the first quarter and you catch up more towards the end of the year. But overall for the full-year will be in that 50 to 70 basis points in this environment at this point.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And just to clarify the tax rate guidance you said that at this point permanent on a go forward basis?
Doug Howell: Yes. That's right.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And well, thank you for all the color on how to do that M&A math in terms of accretion and whatnot. But -- so just want to kind of like at a high level, if multiples don't move higher as you -- given your guidance, the amount of EPS accretion you're getting as a percentage of earnings for 2020 versus 2019 should be similar?
Doug Howell: Yes. That's right.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. All right. Great.
Doug Howell: I think if you look at -- I think our whole program from last year probably added about $0.80 of EBITDA per share. So if you look at our program last year, and then you lose a little bit about on EPS, not losing, but it detracts that because the amortization of the intangibles. And so maybe that was somewhere around $0.20 to $0.30. So our whole M&A program if we took it as a one big bucket last year probably added $0.80 to $0.90 on a EBITDA per share basis and somewhere around $0.30 on a EPS basis.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good afternoon, Mark.
Mark Hughes: The risk management business you have historically wanted to kind of restrain the guidance or kept the number at about 17%. It sounds like its -- you're seeing it come in a little higher. Is that a change in mix, change in philosophy? What is driving that?
Doug Howell: I think it's just the fact that they are getting scale advantages. They've done a really great job of restructuring the field adjusting staff and resolution managers into a more specialized focus. So it's purely the fact to be able to put specialization, standardization right at the point of contact with a customer, and its delivering amazing outcomes in terms of the claim outcomes. People are getting back to work faster, cost to get them back to work are lower. It's really pretty remarkable the investments that the group has made over the last seven or eight years. So we think that those scale advantages will come through starting this year.
Mark Hughes: And then, I certainly hear your optimism about the 2020. Pat, I'm curious if you could maybe lay out a little, why you feel so optimistic? Kind of what is it in this market that you think gives it durability?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, in terms of durability, Mark, I think we said in the prepared comments. This is no mid 80s to early 2000s. But I do think that there's a recognition by the underwriting community that in particular in specific lines they've got to get this right. Again, this better than I do. You sitting there with really not much of a return on a huge investment portfolio that the industry has historically used to make sure that they've got a little wiggle room when it comes to combined ratios. And we also -- are saddled with the social inflation, current inflation. So I think there's a really good knowledge of that in the marketplace. And frankly these underwriting companies are being very firm with our people in terms of what they need. They're not willing to put out the same kind of limits at really cheap premium amounts that they were just two, three years ago, is that they recognized that rates in particular in some of the property areas and cat exposed areas still need -- that it needs bolstering and I don't see that as something that's going to go away in the short term. So while I'm not sitting there saying, wow, this is like 85. I do think that you get some discipline. We've talked about that in the past a bit. And I think if that continues along with our capabilities that continue to grow every quarter, we just get stronger and stronger in the marketplace. Remember, every time we go out to compete, I shouldn't say every time, 90% of the time plus we're competing with somebody smaller than we are. And the amount of data analytics that we're doing today. The amount of strength in our verticals just continues to grow literally every month, every quarter. Our acquisitions don't just add earnings to the picture, they had terrific talent. These people have built great, strong entrepreneurial cultures. They join us. Those cultures meld nicely and we've got a lot to sell. And I think as customers in particular in the upper middle market start to face down, increase in prices, maybe some reduction in coverages, they're more receptive to listening to our professional capabilities and that adds up to better hit ratios. So when I look at that across the whole board, are there pockets of softness, sure, worker's comp is going to continue to be a place where it's not firming, but at the same time I just think our capabilities shine in these types of markets.
Mark Hughes: I appreciate that. And then could you just refresh me quickly on the how much of your revenue comes from commissions, might be more sensitive to pricing and exposures as opposed to relatively fixed fees?
Doug Howell: Yes. I would point out. We did in the -- for the year we did $3.3 billion of commissions out of and fees were $1 billion. So out of the $5 billion a brokerage total revenues $3.3 of it are commissions. Call it [Indiscernible].
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please state your question.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Pat, I wonder if you could give us sort of an introductory overview as to Capsicum's current focus in terms of lines of business or region?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I mean, I think that they -- well, it's been -- let me just back up a second. I've been really pleased as you know that was a partnership that we were partial owner of before we went to the 100% perspective. Its probably the best de novo startup I've seen in my 45-year career. These guys have really done an unbelievable job. And it has been something that's been done literally focus by focus. So not to get into all the specifics of each individual operation. What was kind of amazing to me in the startup of this, and Grahame Chilton and I become close friends. We made a real effort at building out Calgary just 10, 15 years ago and it was a complete failure. And one of the reasons was we were behind the eight ball when it came to huge amounts of analytics. And I think what Graham and Rupert and their team have found is that at the same time analytics are important, the whole capability to execute as a broker was something that was kind of diminishing in the marketplace. And they felt that they could take advantage of that by bringing a board, people who really were solid brokers supported by analytics as opposed to analytics people trying to broke. And I think that's proved out. So very, very strong in auto, very. very strong and property, very, very strong in FAC and very, very strong in international, very strong in cyber. And you see that again as we just continue to build verticals and that doesn't put us up against our major competitors in terms of their core day in and day out business. And there's just lots and lots of room to grow in that business. So I think it's going to be a great acquisition for us.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. That was helpful. Second small ball question. Is -- does the renegotiated wholesale contract have any impact in future quarters? Or is that a onetime hit?
Doug Howell: There'll be a little drag in first and second quarter, but we think we've got the pricing right now. So I think we're in pretty good shape.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. Thank you so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Greg Peters: Good afternoon. I just thought I'd follow up by -- I've been listening to these conference calls and you guys certainly reaffirmed it. We're in a strong pricing environment in many lines except maybe worker's comp. I'm curious what you're hearing from your customers? How are they reacting to it? Is it requiring more work from your brokers to place the business. Do you see these customers more willing to switch carriers? Do you see any change in retention ratios as they have to deal with these higher prices?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me make sure I hit all the questions, because I try to get them in order, but number one, our clients are not happy. As an industry we trained for well over a decade clients to expect reductions. So it's a pretty easy job to renew an account when you walk in and say, the good news is that this year prices are less than last year. And we've been doing that now since 2005. So you've got 14 years of flat to kind of down rates. And when you turn around and say, well, here it is that it's not going to be that way anymore. They're not happy. Now one of the things you've got to do about that to your question about renewal retention and that type of thing is, we're coaching our team by and large the majority of our team have never really operate it in a firming market or a firm market to get out real early, and explain to clients that it's going to be different. So retentions at this point are very solid and similar to what we've seen along the way. But make no bones about it. This is the type of market that causes people to think twice the next time the phone rings and someone says I like to talk to you about your insurance. We've got to be really diligent on that and be once again selling to a client, why being with Gallagher provides them with a great difference in their own business. It's not about our business. They don't care about our business. They care about what it's doing to them and their competitors. And I think that's where our analytic capabilities come in really handy explaining that look, I'm not saying it's easy and I'm not saying you can even pass it on immediately, but your competitors are facing the same type of thing. So I think retentions will be solid if we handle our clients well. Make no bones about it, they're not happy. This is not a disaster. The good news is we can get it done. If you say, look I need 100 million of cover. That's what my contracts require or that's what I feel comfortable having. We'll get it. The price is just going to be a little different than it was before. And so, we've got to pull out that playbook.
Greg Peters: And Pat, this is follow up to that. So, we're hearing from some of the carriers that their retention ratios are dropping, which means that your customers are in some instances more willing to consider switching than ever before. Does that -- is just -- is there -- on a very granular basis, does that mean that particular customer is less profitable because you have more work to do? Or how does that boil up? I mean, you're -- obviously you're guiding to margin expansion and wonderful organic revenue growth for 2020. But how do I -- how should I think about that in terms of its effect on your organization?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me try again to take both questions in order. But number one, let's be real clear about this and there's no question about it, while we value our relations with our carriers and we view them as partners in helping our clients we represent our client period and the statement. We don't represent an insurance company. We represent our client. And that means where we sit down and they're saying, what do I do about this. That's one of the benefits about being with Gallagher is we can bring in the expert. We could show you how to navigate this and if it means higher retention and if it means change in carriers we'll recommend that. And that's what -- how the client benefits from being able to do business with us. Yes. There's more work. Does that mean it drives costs through the roof. Not necessarily, because you got to be out real early. So you're going to see the more work in different ways. People are already bitching about the fact that it used to be easy to roll out a bed and place $25 million of umbrella without having to make more than two phone calls. That's not happening right now. They've got to get out of bed earlier. They've got to get their track shoes on and they've got to be better. That doesn't naturally drive costs up.
Doug Howell: And Greg, one of things as you know over the last 15 years as we've invested in our centers of excellence. The volume of additional quotes. The volume of some more proposals, we have the ability to do all that work in lower cost labor locations. So that helps knock the top off the cost escalation that might be there with some additional travel maybe needing a few more hands domestically working on the accounts. So we have a pretty good safety valve for that and that's why we can continue to make investments in the business. And I gave a laundry list of all the things we're doing, yet still show margin expansion. When you look at this quarter, we still add 50, 60 base -- 50, 60, 70 basis points of margin expanded just on our core 5.5% base commission and fee, revenue growth. So without supplementals, without contingents we're still seeing that kind of margin expansion in the face of rising costs, rising wages, there is inflation out there and it's because we have the ability to have the use of lower cost labor locations that really are a machine that can pump out good high quality work for our customers without the escalation in cost.
Greg Peters: Thank you for those answers. I want to stay on the pricing commentary, but I want to pivot to your smart market operation. I think at your Management Day you said you had approximately 20 or 20 carriers on your smart market service. And I'm certain that many of the lines of business that are running through your smart market are the same lines of business that are seeing these changes in price. And I'm curious if the market, the firming of the market changes, the appetite for carriers to be on something like your smart market platform. And maybe you could just use that as an opportunity to just update us on the status of the smart market is the outlook for 2020 going to be -- is it going to be a growing business for you? Or is it going to be stable as consistent with it was last year? Some additional color there. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks. Smart market I think is one of those examples of both scale and digital and IT capabilities really playing to the strength of an organization that has some size and breadth. For the audience basically what this does is it allows carriers that have, that are members of the smart market group to be able to look into a renewal book of business, not by name of account, but by SIC code and by anniversary date and by size, and to say this is a type of business that we're looking for to be able to tag that account, say, if in fact you are planning on marketing it, we'd like to see it. Those companies that have participated, smart market had superior growth rates to all the other companies that we've traded with on just a general trading basis. And that's not going to change because it's great intelligence. For all of my career if you wanted to penetrate Gallagher, number one, it was difficult, because we traded geographically from business units. So if your XYX the insurance company and you want to grow Gallagher, you better get in the car and get out to our office and see our people. And it's catch as catch can. Some of our folks are in the office, some are marked. Yes, you can make appointments, but it's a hard slog. Well, it's a different thing if you've said I'm coming. I want to see this producer on this account and here's why you should listen to me. When producers are running hard and account managers are running hard and they don't really want to hear XYZ's general approach to the marketplace blah blah blah. They all sound the same. Now, what you've got is a targeted approach. Just come and see somebody would say, I can help you on this and the reverse of that is true in our offices where we might be sitting there pulling our hair a little bit. They can, AIG has just announced they're getting our a surety. I know, the surety markets, but I'm not exactly sure where this one fits in. I've got Chubb coming in today. Let me ask him about it. So it really is. It's a program that works very well on both sides and that's not going away. That's just going to get stronger because what happens in this market is people start just over shopping and in particular those folks that have never seen any kind of a firm market before because their renewal is a phone call. Well now guess what. They're going to sit across from Mr. Tough buyer who ain't happy and he's going to want to know why did you pick this company. How many other quotes did you get? Why did they turn me down? How come he didn't get more quotes? Our folks can sit there and say, we represent these carriers. We are able to talk to them about what their appetite is. And we went to those that truly have an appetite for your type of risk. It might be a little bit more money, but the renewing incumbent was up X plus 50. This we've matched you with someone who really wants you. It's not quite as onerous. It's a way more professional conversation. In the old days, you've said, why do I know I have a good deal. I'd say because I went to three markets. Here's the best deal. Buy it. That doesn't wash today. So really if you think about it, this puts Gallagher in such a strong position against our smaller competitors. They've got no analytics. They've got no market intelligence. The market's appetites are changing. You get to learn that from conversations in the hallway and maybe the principal that has an account that he or she has handled this all these years. You're doing, you're flying by the seat of your pants. 90% of the time when we go out to compete that's who we're competing against. I think we're going to do pretty well.
Greg Peters: Thank you for your answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. One follow-up question. I think we were at your Investor Day in December. Doug, you had mentioned that there was the potential for some of the bills to the extent that you guys could generate credits, the clean energy credit beyond the expiration. And I know I think you were keeping some employees on hand at the start this year in case there was an extension. Do you have any kind of update there as we think about not just the 2009 plans, but also the 2011 one?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think great question. I think first of all the level set. We were very successful in the fourth quarter of preserving many of our 2009 locations by shifting into those locations, a 2011 era plan that has an extra two years of production life on it. It was a machine. So we moved the machine. There was a low generating machine from one location into a higher producing location. That preserved a good chunk of the 2009 era production. We do have a handful of facilities that are kind of in shutdown mode right now waiting for a potential law extension. If we got the extension, it might add another $5 million to $10 million of earnings. But it's not a substantial amount of earnings to turn those plants back on. That said, where does it stand in the legislative process right now? I don't think we'll see movement on that much before the summer. And really our objective on that is really to see if we can get an extension primarily related to the 2011 era plant. So we really do have the summer of 2020. We've got the fall session. We've got a lame-duck session regardless of which way the election goes. And then you also have into 2021 where you can get an extension on those for another couple of years. So, no progress in Washington on any front right now. But maybe we'll have some this summer as well.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question and answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Jay Patrick Gallagher for closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. As you can tell, I'm extremely pleased with our 2019 financial performance and we're excited about our future. Before we wrap up though, I'd like to thank our clients for their continued trust, our 33,000 plus colleagues for their passion, hard work and dedication. And finally our carrier partners who do play such an integral role in meeting our clients insurance and risk management needs. We look forward to speak with you again at our March 17th IR day in Rolling Meadows. Have a great evening and thanks for being with us.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. And if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call or described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements.  In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.  It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Devin. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating divisions.  Let me just start by saying we had another excellent quarter. Our combined brokerage and risk management segments delivered 13% growth in revenues, 5.8% all in organic growth. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 66 basis points and we completed 14 mergers with about $85 million of estimated annualized revenues, just a terrific quarter by the team.  Today Doug and I are going to spend our time focused on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. First organic growth, I'll review Organic by geography, comment on the pricing environment and give you some insight regarding exposures. Second, going through mergers and acquisitions. Third, productivity and quality. Doug will hit this topic after my remarks and fourth, maintaining our unique culture. Okay. To Organic, let me start with the brokerage segment. Third quarter Organic was 5.8% all in which is similar to our organic performance through the first six months of 2019. I'm very pleased that all of our divisions globally contributed to this result. For example, our domestic retail PC operations had another strong quarter where the organic of about 5%. Our wholesale operations set an excellent quarter posting about 6.5% organic. This includes over 10% in our domestic open brokerage operations.  Our benefits operations also had a strong showing this quarter posting base organic of about 4.5%. And then internationally our retail brokerage operations combined to post 7% organic with Canada more than 10%, Australia and New Zealand up about 6% and the UK up 5%, another really strong quarter of production by the team.  Let me move to the rate environment. We've been hearing a consistent message, whether it's from our carrier partners at the CIAB and the WSIA conferences or from our global leaders during our recent strategic planning sessions. Rates continue to increase across nearly all areas of the market. Our own internal data also points to an increasing PC rate environment with global PC pricing up about 5% which is a bit stronger than what we saw in our mid-year internal pricing survey.  Let me break down what we are seeing. I'll start in the U.S., rate overall up around 5% in our retail operations with workers compensation, the only line not showing incremental pricing strength relative to the second core. Within our domestic wholesale brokerage operations, pricing is approaching 6%. Moving to the UK, UK retail pricing is up over 3% to touch higher than the second quarter and our UK wholesale operations pricing is approaching double digits across many lines. In Canada, pricing is up around 8% with property increases more than 10% and finally in Australia, New Zealand pricing is up around 5% to 6% about a point lower than what we had been seeing over the previous two years, but still a substantial increase. Moving to exposures, in early October, we surveyed our producers specifically asking questions related to their client's payroll and exposure units. Over 75% said their customer’s payrolls and exposure units grew during the third quarter. And more than 95% of these respondents said they were seeing similar or stronger client exposure growth as they begin working on 2020 renewals. This is consistent with the results from our May, 2019 benefits benchmarking survey, where more than 70% of the 3,900 employers believe that their revenue would be increasing over the next two years.  So when I look around the world, PC rates and exposures continue to move higher. This an environment in which our talented production staff excels by delivering the best insurance, risk management and benefits consulting advice by leveraging our vast array of resources and capabilities. As I sit here today, I see our fourth quarter Organic nicely in the mid-5% range.  Next, let me talk about our Brokerage merger and acquisition growth. In the quarter we completed 11 tuck-in brokerage acquisitions with estimated annualized revenue of $70 million. I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing family of professionals. The brokerage team has had a very busy M&A year completing 35 mergers with more than $330 million of annualized revenues during the first nine months. Adding to that, we have already announced the number of mergers in October that should add an additional $90 million of annualized revenue.  This is on top of our M&A pipeline report that shows $400 million of revenue associated with about 50 term sheets either agreed upon or being prepared. While not all of these transactions in the pipeline will ultimately close, as I look around the world, it's clear that our tuck-in merger opportunities remain very robust.  Next, I would like to move to our Risk Management segment. Third quarter organic growth was 5.7% with similar results in both our U.S. and international operations. The growth we are experiencing is also broad-based by client type, including large commercial, public sector, alternative markets, and insurance carrier clients. Our investments in innovative products like the award winning mobile app GBGO combined with our expertise by product and industry continue to set Gallagher Bassett apart from the competition.  Looking forward, we see mid-single digit organic growth in the fourth quarter. In terms of mergers and acquisitions, we completed three risk management acquisitions in this quarter, adding annualized revenue of about $15 million. These acquisitions provide us with incremental capabilities and services that will benefit our clients in Australia, the UK, Europe, and the U.S. I'd like to extend a very warm welcome to our new Gallagher Bassett professionals.  Lastly, I'd like to touch on a true competitive advantage that's Gallagher's unique culture. It is a culture that helps us attract and retain the very best talent. A culture that promotes our relationships with our carrier partners, a culture that distinguishes us from others in a highly competitive merger environment and it is the basis for our people coming together as a team to serve as clients focused on doing the right thing. Nowadays, we're hearing a lot about company culture and purpose. This is nothing new to Gallagher. We've long-valued all of our stakeholders as defined in our mission statement. Ultimately, we believe, if we provide value to our clients, take care of our employees and build strong relationships with our insurance carrier partners, our shareholders will be rewarded. Autumn line, our culture always has been and will continue to be a true competitive advantage. Okay, a great quarter and first nine months. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat, and good afternoon everyone. I'd like to start by thanking the team for another outstanding quarter. It really does position us very well to close out in the outstanding 2019 here in the fourth quarter. Today I'll make a few comments from the earnings release. I'll walk you then through the CFO commentary document we post on our website and I'll conclude with some comments on cash and M&A. Okay, let's go to the bottom of page five of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment margin. For the quarter, we delivered 68 basis points of adjusted margin expansion. That's terrific result on 5.8% organic growth and this marks the 32nd straight quarter of Brokerage segment margin expansion, a truly amazing run and an excellent illustration how we're constantly focusing on raising our quality and productivity. Looking forward, we would expect to see about 50 basis points of margin expansion, if organic growth is in the low-to-mid 5% range. Let's flip to page six of the earnings release to the Risk Management segment margins. During the quarter we posted 18 points of adjusted EBITDAC margin, that's really great work by the team but well above the upper end of our targets. So we wouldn't expect to see that in the fourth quarter, perhaps more like 17% to 17.5%, which would finish off a year nicely towards the higher end of our full year target also in that 17% to 17.5% range. Let's now move to the CFO commentary document that we can find at our website. Let's turn to page two. Relative to third quarter estimates that we provided during our September IR day, nearly all of the lines came in very close, a few other comments. First, our integration efforts, mostly related to the aerospace and Stackhouse mergers we did this summer. Both are moving along as planned and on budget. Second, we're making nice progress on our back office support layer transformation project, we discussed at our IR day. We've already contracted a few 100 positions and we have a nice line of sight into areas where we can lower our cost and improve our service quality by centralization, standardization and automation of most of our back office functions. We’re redeploying these savings into processes to help us drive our organic growth. Sales support and sales management systems and tools, data and sales analytics, additional production talent, marketing and branding. In other words, all our efforts that will help us sell more, hire more and acquire more. And finally still on page two, some modeling note. Please make sure your models are picking up our estimates for changes in estimated earn-outs and also earnings from non-controlling interest. Neither are big numbers but still can move your estimates by $1 or $2. Let’s stay in the CFO commentary document, but flip to page three to the corporate side. Relative to the estimates we provided during our September IR day, interesting corporate expense lines were both within the range, acquisition expense was just a touch higher, mostly due to a couple of smaller international deals. And then finally to clean energy. You'll see that in the third quarter adjusted results came in a couple million dollars above the midpoint of the range, a great quarter. Looking forward, fourth quarter is looking a bit lower than what we were seeing during our IR day. Weather thus far in October is not nearly as hot as last year, so we moderated our fourth quarter outlet just a bit. That said, it's stacking up to be another $100 million a year for this investment strategy. You'll also see a clean energy adjustment line this quarter. The clean energy had a very busy quarter. Footnote two describes four items, we resolved a five-year patents squabbled with a great outcome, we prevailed in tax court, we opened new patent defense litigation, which we think is without merit, but we intend on defending it vigorously. And finally we're making terrific progress and moving three of our 2011 Era lower production machines into a really great 2009 year locations. You can see this clearly on page four of the CFO commentary. In the fourth row on that page, shows the machines are currently producing less than $1 million of earnings here in 2019, but by moving them we can achieve $10 million to $15 million of earnings. Hats off to those engineers and operators that we use to make those happen, really a great job, it's also affirmation from our utility partners that we truly have an excellent process and that we are delivering substantial environmental benefits. Well, stay on that page four, you'll see that we are also providing numbers around what we think is possible for clean energy earnings in 2020, that's the far right columns. These numbers are still in line with what we said as a very early month during our September IR day. You'll see that by moving these machines we can counteract the natural trends and power production towards renewables and natural gas. It's an early lug, a lot can change, but here we are a decade ladder and still looking at an investment strategy that can deliver great returns for a couple more years. At the end of the quarter, we have over $950 million of credit carryovers on our balance sheet and at least another two years of production ahead of us. So we're well positioned to harvest those hard earned cash flows well into the mid-to-late 2020s. Finally, let's move to cash and M&A. At September 30, we had about $300 million available cash on our balance sheet, this plus our free cash flow through the end of the year and our borrowing capacity should round out a year where we can still invest deeply in our business, pay a great dividend and still fund about $1.5 billion of M&A before using any stock. When I look at our pipeline through year end, I think we'll be close to that level and if we happen to go over, it would only mean using a very small amount of stock. This clearly demonstrates to the strength of our growing cash flows. When I look out towards 2020, that looks like we can easily do another $1.5 billion of M&A without using any stock. So those are my comments, an excellent quarter and excellent nine months. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Devin, we're ready for questions if we have some. Did you open it up?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good afternoon, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: First question. So as you guys know better than I do the – there's a lot of commentary about the P&C commercial market hardening and there's certain views out there that rates will continue to harden. I know Pat you've said that 5% is no hard market, and you said you got to go all the way back to 2001 to see what a real hard market looks like. Since it's been awhile let's just, if we had to hypothesize that rates just continued to move north, maybe you can kind of help us understand what a hard market would mean in terms of AJ Gallagher's impact on your financials and the pluses and the minuses?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Mike, yes, sure. Thanks for the question. First of all, you hit it right on exactly my line. This is not a hard market, It's getting firmer, there is no question about it, that when you get into some higher end property stuff on catastrophe exposed or places where there'd been losses, our people are working very hard to place those. Some of this stuff is getting done at the last minute, it takes more effort more submissions to more E&S markets to get it completed. We're seeing casualty take a little more effort and costs more money as well. But this is not 2001, 2002 by any means. There is still plenty of capacity, deals are getting done. And remember, our job is to mitigate this for our clients. So number one, we're training our people across the globe, get out in front of this and explain to your clients that in fact in many instances we can show you that your rates are lower today than they were in 2005. So you've had a very good run, this is not a knee jerk. People – the rates that are being requested in many instances make a lot of sense, but it's certainly not a message that anybody wants to hear. Now, let me compare that with what a hard market is. And again, you've got to go back to 2001, 2002. And that's when the door slam shut, you got people getting cancelled left and right, cancellation notices are going out every month, you're out trying to explain to your clients why they've been lost free and yet the x, y, z insurance company is not going to renew them. And they better get ready for the consequences of significant deductible increases and possibly the reduction of limits on a drastic basis. Frankly, that's not good for anybody. Now I've been through three or four of those in my career and it's a little bit like going home and finding out the electric company just decided to change the current, none of your appliances work. And so that's not good for anybody and I don't see that happening. I do see disciplined need for rate and that is being explained by our professionals and were necessary. We’re doing everything we can to help them find cover at a cheaper price.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. So as a follow-up then. So if we kind of get maybe goldilocks and the rates keep drifting up by just a couple points. I mean, do you expect, the question we get from investors is, will AJ Gallagher continue to say it's 50 basis points of improvement are – if we get into 6%, 7% organic territory, would you expect for more of the organic to fall to the bottom line?
Doug Howell : Yes. Mike, it’s Doug. Yes, I think that if you got over 6% for a continued period of time, you would see – you could see some more margin expansion than 50 basis points.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. And just lastly I’ve for Doug on the M&A sandbox. It's interesting there's been some IPOs of smaller companies that have been very successful and they're trading at nice multiples, there's one this week as well. Does that have any impact? And in terms of maybe making another pipelines robust, but maybe it removes some potential for some of the larger deals, if these companies find out that choose to go the IPO route.
Doug Howell: I don't know if it makes a dramatic difference or not. I think, remember, people join Gallagher because they see our capabilities, our resources, they know that being together with us that will be a better opportunity to deliver value to their customers. The folks that might want a IPO or go to a financial sponsor that's really not what they're trying to do with their business. The ones that we're trying to attract and we get 40, 50, 60 of those folks a year that want to come in and be better to Gallagher. So it could happen, but I don't see it pulling a lot of folks away from us.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question?
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good evening.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question on, at your Investor Day kind of just a little bit over a month ago, you guys had pointed to, I believe a little bit of a slowdown in organic in the third quarter. I know Doug, I think you said last year was a tougher comp. Obviously the growth that you guys printed in line with what we had seen through the first six months. So did some business outperform relative to your expectations? I’m just trying to get a sense of what might've changed in those few weeks towards the end of the quarter?
Doug Howell: I think that we did have a good September, we're talking about a few million bucks here. So, but if you really look at places that were particularly strong, our UK and London operations are really killing it right now, they're doing great, just saw a good growth in Canada. Now, if you go through where Pat talked about, where we're seeing some left there. But I think that September is a big month for us as December. So – and we did have a difficult compare and I was pretty proud of the team to grow over the top of that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And then, so as we think about 2020, it sounds like you guys are pretty optimistic in terms of what's going on with exposure growth, as well as property casualty, pricing momentum at least being maintained at its current level. So does it seem like 2020 can be kind of in that 5.5% range that you're guiding to for the fourth quarter? Just any kind of initial view there?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think that's how we're seeing 2020. Surprised in the 5%, remember that also during this time, as losses go up, you could have some programs that need to reprice. You could have some carrier decide that they're going to pull back on some stuff. So it's the repricing piece that's always hard for us to take a look at this far in advance.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then I appreciate giving the color on the clean energy earnings for 2020. So there is a $20 million range, which does seems a little bit higher than typical. I guess why is there a slightly bigger range and how should we think about, I guess, falling towards the higher end versus the lower end of that range for next year?
Doug Howell: Well, it's a long ways away, there's still – the utilities are still doing their budgets, we pulled them here during the last month to see if we can get an early luck. So we typically don't provide this to January, so I'd expect to narrow that range. But also when you look at the utilization of coal for electric power sector production, 2018 has been declining about 3% a quarter, maybe 4% a quarter. We had a big drop off in April and through June of this year in the second quarter, I’m just looking at some of the statistics you can find out on the EIA. And they were down 18%, that’s weather related more than displacement. But if you really think about it, the line to look at is the $50 million to $60 million where the production related to those plants that were making us $56 million to $58 million this year, that maybe a 4% to 5% pullback in the numbers, maybe a little bit more. But between $80 million and $100 million, we're still really darn happy with us when we set out 10 or 11 years ago to do this investment strategy, the idea was making, call the midpoint of the rate $90 million in the ninth year, that's, I don't think we would have dreamt about. So we're pretty proud of that effort.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And one last quick question. Your acquisition revenue on page five for the fourth quarter, the $116 million that's about $21 million higher than what you guys have provided at that September IR day. I that – it’s like one deal driving that from either that was announced in the fourth quarter or is that just a compilation of some of the smaller deals you announced in the fourth quarter to-date that flow into the fourth quarter?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Elyse, can you just restate the question? You're looking at something in the fourth quarter, our estimates for roll in revenues $116 million, right? Is that what you’re looking at?
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. So that's $21 million higher than what you had told us at the IR day. So is that – is there one big deal that you announced since then that benefits the fourth quarter that much? Or is it just more a lot of deals that were announced on since September.
J. Patrick Gallagher: All right, so I think some of its Q4 deals that came in, call it half of that different than we closed Q4 deal. And then also I think the JLT, the aerospace business, we've got a better line of sight on what we think is rolling in from that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Doug Howell: Thanks Elyse.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs, Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good afternoon everybody. First question is around the EBITDAC – adjusted EBITDAC margin in the brokerage business up quite a bit year-over-year and even seasonally seems to be quite strong here. And then, as I recall, I think Doug you had said in the past that second half of the year has a little bit of a weakness just because of the salary increases or compensation increases that come in. I'm looking now at three years in a row where the third quarter is actually quite seasonally strong. Is there any change in how you were thinking about seasonality here? Any driver for a particularly strong result here?
Doug Howell: I think the biggest answer is that the team did a really nice job, we provided kind of put the clamps on hiring and when you're hiring 350 people a month, you can kind of control your competition a little bit by just putting the brakes on a little bit. Coming into the end of the year we didn't want to get too aggressive on our hiring, that's probably delivering most of it in the quarter, which is a little different than typically we don't do that in the fourth quarter. So I think the team just got ahead of it a little bit.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And do you think there's a timing issue here? I would just think there is firming markets and opportunities, maybe the hiring will still commence?
Doug Howell: Yes. We're always out there looking for producers. We're always doing that. I think that you're really seeing some of the economies of scale coming through. We did do a rift, if you recall some of that, – I wouldn't call 300 people a rift and 34,000, but we did a tightening of the belt in June and July. So that's part of it.  But also we're just getting good results by utilization of our off-shore centers of excellence. We're getting good results with our technology lifts, it's just you get these economies of scale as you get in as the business grows.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And with that in mind and as we look forward, do these – I think in the past you'd said, anything about above 4% growth should achieve. was it 30 basis points of margin improvement or 40 basis points of margin improvement, 5% organic growth we'd get a little more than that. So – exciting acceleration of that given the economy scale.
Doug Howell: Here's two things that we'll look at. We'll look really hard. The team's having a terrific year. So we'll look at how the bonus expense looks in the fourth quarter. I think that, we still feel comfortable if we're posting over 5%, we'll get 50 basis points of margin expansion.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Second question, if I may contingent commissions, if the industry is raising rates in a rational way basically to address inadequate returns, I would think, should one expect that decrease in contingent commissions over the next 12 months.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well from numerically contingent commissions, you could have a little flatten in the growth of contingent commissions. If you think about us, we've got hundreds and hundreds of contingent commission contracts out there all around the world that sell a business that's loss ratio sensitive, let's call it $50 million of annualized earnings. If it flattens out, you'd probably get paid back for that in the base commission and fee line as you get some rate left and some exposure left. So overall all in Organic shouldn't suffer too terribly much based on what we're seeing in the loss ratio environment right now.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thanks so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Great. Two quick questions if I can, I want to follow up on Yaron’s question and ask whether the deteriorating casualty environment that we were hitting a little bit about this quarter is translating into more claims, more liability claims handling within risk management.
Doug Howell: Of course, there's no doubt. We're seeing – first of all, we are seeing tort inflation in this path. We're seeing tort inflation across our book of business, in particular areas like transportation, sexual misconduct and D&O places like that. Our liability book and severity, in the liability book at Gallagher Bassett, it's both up in terms of numbers of claims as well as the settlement amounts that are being paid to close. It’s clearly important for inflation.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And that sounds like it would be good for risk management revenues.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It should be, because a big part of what we're trying to improve in the marketplace and realize we're getting to a size now as the risk management claims provider that many of our own trading partners don't handle the number of claims Gallagher Bassett does. So we're trying to point to the fact to carriers, to captives and to risk management clients, if they select Gallagher Bassett, their results will actually be better.  We will have a better claim outcome than they're used to in the general market. And we do believe we can stand up to that. So, yes, I mean, as people start to feel the squeeze and as the settlement costs go up, more of a reason to listen to our story.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Excellent. And second question, I guess if you look back I'm interested in how accurate past surveys of client growth have been in terms of predicting how the economy actually pans out.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Really, really good. Our people are on the street. And this is not a survey of a bunch of economists that are sitting in Washington, D C. These are people sitting across from customers right now planning for 2020 and they're not going to be pie-in-the-sky because the fact is when you tell us your payrolls and your other exposure units sales are going up, you're going to have a higher deposit on your insurance premium. So that’s a natural tendency to lowball. And if you lowball you’ll get a free loan from the insurance company. So no, no, no, these guys really have their ear to the ground.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's fantastic. Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Meyer. 
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Meyer. 
Operator: Our final question comes from line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, Doug, the $1.5 billion in capacity for next year, could you refresh us on how much of that you had anticipated just to be free cash and then how much you would borrow and then what's your capital cost would you imagine on that the piece that you would be borrowing? 
Doug Howell: Half would free cash, half would be borrowing. And what's our cost of borrowing, 4%, 4.25% or something like that. 
Mark Hughes: And then just to be clear, in the CFO commentary, your estimate for revenue contribution that is entirely inclusive of all the deals you've done heretofore, including I think you said $90 million in the acquired revenue in October. Is that correct? 
Doug Howell: Through yesterday, yes. 
Mark Hughes: Through yesterday, okay. Great. Thank you very much. 
Doug Howell: Thanks Mark. 
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark. Any other stuff?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. Then let me just make one quick comment to wrap it up. Thank you again for being with us this afternoon. I'm extremely proud of what the team has accomplished so far this year and I believe we're poised to deliver a strong finish to the year. So thanks everybody for being with us today. We appreciate it.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded.  Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call or described in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our CFO, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Today, as we do each quarter, Doug and I’m going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Number one, organic growth. Number two, growing through mergers and acquisitions. Number three, improving our productivity and quality. And number four, maintaining our unique culture. Once again the team delivered on all four of our strategic priorities and I couldn't be more pleased. We really do have some terrific momentum. Let me give you some second quarter financial highlights for our combined core brokerage and risk management segments. 12% growth in revenues, 5.3% all-in organic growth, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 49 basis points, and we completed 13 mergers with about $195 million of estimated annualized revenue. Just another outstanding quarter for the team. Let me break down our results by segment. Our broker segments second quarter organic was 5.8% all-in. There were some geography change between base and supplementals in the quarter. So think of base organic more like 5.9% and organic for contingents and supplementals combined of about 4.5% a really nice quarter. All of our divisions globally contributed. Our domestic retail brokerage operations had a great quarter with organic of about 5%. PCA operations were slightly better than that, and our benefits operations a bit below. Our U.S. wholesale and program business had an excellent base organic quarter, posting more than 5% with contingents and supplemental revenue growth above that. Internationally our brokerage operations combined to post about 8% organic and very broad based strength in the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Just fantastic results wherever I look in our business. Moving on to the rate environment, our internal data and our internal mid-year race survey are indicating a trend of increasing property casualty pricing. Almost 75% of our producers surveyed, indicated rates increased during second quarter in the row - colonies approaching about 5% with international a bit higher and domestic a bit below that.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat and good afternoon, everyone. As Pat said, another really excellent quarter of top and bottom-line results, combined it with a terrific first quarter. It puts us in a great spot halfway through the year. Today, I will amplify a few comments that Pat made from the earnings release. I will move to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website. And I will conclude my usual comments on cash and M&A.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. And Mike, do you want to open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Call is now open for questions.  And our first question comes from line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Mike Zaremski: Hey good afternoon.
Patrick Gallagher: Good afternoon Mike.
Mike Zaremski: First question Pat, in terms of your commentary and the earnings are at least about your internal surveys suggested rates are approaching 5%. Maybe you can comment where was that last quarter and you also said right after that, that around half of the survey producers see rates moving higher. Maybe you could comment on do they have a good track record for forecasting? And just another one on just the same topic is maybe can you remind us of your sensitivity to higher pricing in terms of the fee versus commission and kind of what the beta is about, what hits the your organic?
Patrick Gallagher:
Douglas Howell: It is about 3% in the first quarter is what we would. We didn’t survey then, but that is probably worth.
Mike Zaremski: Okay got it. You got them. And then just lastly, when we think about if your survey producers are right and rates are keep moving North. I think us from the outside are going to kind of start thinking about putting in some more margin improvement into our estimates our forecasts. Do you think there is kind of a governor on how much margins can improve because maybe there is initiatives you guys want to further invest in the - kind of take advantage of the great market environment currently maybe you could touch on that. Thanks.
Douglas Howell: Well I think there is wage inflation Mike, so I think that if we can grow 5%, put 50 basis points of that onto the bottom line, I think that is pretty good in this environment. We have lots of investment initiatives that we have here in the Company doing data between our sales management tools, between developing our interns as our niche strategies, our marketing that we are doing to create a brand. We think that we can run ourselves with 50 basis points of margin expansion if we are hitting that 5%.
Patrick Gallagher: The other thing too Mike as I said in my remarks, our people go out every day and try to figure out with their clients how to make sure that these rate increases don’t hit them. Now first of all let me comment on hard market soft market. 5% increase no hard market you got to go all the way back to 2001 to see what real hard market looks like. So 5% you are sitting across from the client that is getting a reduction in the workers compensation. They can tweak the - up they can drop a line of cover, there is bunch of things they can do to mitigate the impact of that. So while I'm pleased that we have a bit of a tailwind, I would not get extra bullish on the rate environment.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks, good evening. My first question on you guys posted 5.8% organic growth in the first half of the year. I know you guys kind of set the bowl here at , Doug in your comment I know you alluded to a tough comp in the third quarter, but then you know the tough the comp obviously you guys had a good year last year, does it get a little bit better in the fourth quarter. So should we think about that kind of evening out and should the 5.8 kind of be where the full-year to end up for 2019?
Douglas Howell: Yes. So I think between five and 5.8.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great and then in terms of the CFO commentary, I know you guys added this quarter in terms of above 5% organic growth 50 basis points of margin expansion. I'm assuming that is just was your printing above  I just wanted to know the thought process behind added that disclosure. And then you did mentioned taking a severance related charge this quarter, is that for the savings there, is that for reinvestment or is that something that maybe you could help get that margin above the 50 basis points target.
Patrick Gallagher: So its couple of questions in there, we had just a little bit of at least as referring to kind of about a third of the way down the CFO commentary on page two that we just - we have always said that it’s tough to expand margin if you have organic, less than 3% you will get a little bit between three and four and into fours and maybe if we hit 5% we will get 50 basis points of margin expansion. That is what I have been saying in our IR days for the last couple quarters so we thought we would have put in writing there. So it doesn’t signal anything more or less than just putting in writing what we have been saying. The second half of your question is in terms of the opportunities for us to take a little severances quarter and maybe restructure some of our positions. That does show us an opportunity, but it’s more of a long-term play Elise, I think we have got raises coming up in the second half of the year. So that will help that. But I still think with $7 million of severance 200 to 300 total people related to that. This isn't a big move on the margin at this time.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then also on the CFO commentary, in terms of the acquisitions roll forward on Page 5. It seems like for the deals you closed in the second quarter, and I'm assuming that is really stemming from Stackhouse Poland and JLT. Let's have them come into the third quarter in terms of revenue and more into the fourth quarter. I know, we don't have the Q1 and Q2 of next year. But is there something seasonally with either JLT or Stackhouse Poland that would make them have less revenue in the third quarter versus some other quarters of the year?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, JLT is heavily weighted into the fourth quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good evening. I guess my first one is. I’m actually a little bit surprised that only half of your surveyed producers fee rates moving higher in the second half of 2019.
Douglas Howell: No, no, no. That is not. Let me go back to my prepared remarks. Because -.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I don't think we said that, Mike. I think somebody else repeated maybe at the front.
Douglas Howell: 75% of our producers surveyed indicated rates increase during the second quarter renewals, at approaching about 5%. But what caught my attention is that about 15% of our survey producers indicated they are receiving rates up more than 10%. So that would be people in tougher geographies with bigger property schedules. And a few indicated - nobody indicated that last year.
Patrick Gallagher: There is 90% of the survey results so.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Understood. I guess I wanted to come back a little bit more to some of the offsets though to the better pricing. What percent of your clients you see either I guess buying down or insurance in response to the higher rates or just increased deductibles?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I would say most of them are looking at how do I get this thing back to flat. And that is kind of the marching orders that we are being given. So come to me with ideas. I don't want to pay 5% to 7% and certainly don't want to pay north of 10% on property. So what suggestions do you have? Now in some instances, there is not much you can do, which is why some of it will flow through and why we see about 2% in the books right now, is that much if you have got already a variable deductible for property, and the property is going to go up 7% or 8%, you are not going to get much savings taking your deductible of another 100 grand. It's the bigger part of the of the exposure that they want the weigh that. And they are going they are going to get it. I can't give you a percentage of which of our clients and drop cup, but we do keep trying to keep an eye on terms and costs. And by and large our people are doing a really good job of number one getting out and explaining that the pricing dynamic is a little bit different. And number two, I will be back to you with suggestions.
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And then I was wondering if you could go into a little bit more detail on what you are seeing competitively I guess to the workers comp, clearly pricing is down but, sort of understand if that is because there is more - underwriters that are trying to write more of it - just because you have had so much good experience over the past few years. It's just the impact of that flowing through, I guess in the pricing side.
Patrick Gallagher: I think it's right. Alright I mean, it's been a successful line across the United States. They want more of it, when you want more of it and your pricing off against your competitors. One tactic, you are going to have to use is to reduce price.
Douglas Howell: And we have seen some favorable loss cost development -.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Shanker: Good evening everybody. You and your publicly traded competitor stocks are materially more expensive now than they were at the beginning of the year. I understand there is a difference between the public market and the private market. But I'm wondering, if you are potential acquisition targets see that and demand they hire cost to acquire their businesses, or our prices for acquisitions, generally consistent with where they were six, seven months ago?
Douglas Howell: Well, first of all, I don't know, if I would say that our stock is expensive. Certainly, I have nice…
Joshua Shanker: No. On the number, you can just, it is up 30%.
Douglas Howell: So but we like to like that. So I think that we are seeing pricing move up a little bit, our tuck-in acquisitions. We are still doing in the eights , the low eights. And then if you throw on a little bit larger ones, that they pushing our total multiple up to about 10. That is still a four plus turn on our trading multiple. So we still think it creates great shareholder value for us to go out and merge with a lot of folks. So I think that yes, you are seeing pricing up over the last three or four years, is there a material change in the last seven months, which I think was your specific question, I don't really see that.
Patrick Gallagher: But I will tell you what is changing, which is interesting. And I think it feeds right into our pipeline. The difference between a private transaction to perpetuate your agency, remember, most of our acquisitions are smaller, $5 million, $6 million, $7 million, $8 million and what you can get by selling to a strategic is getting to be like a 50% differential, which is taking owners and saying, really, if I'm going to perpetuate to my younger team mates, I'm going to take a 50% cut, haircut, I don't think so. So I think that is bringing a lot more potential sellers to the table. And prices are up as well. And I think the advisors out there are saying, look, we haven't seen multiples of this height, especially for a large deal in a long, long time. The banks did this 20 years ago. But you might want to move while the opportunity is there, which is again, good for us. That makes our pipeline longer, we can be very discerning. We only want - look 90% of our due-diligence is on culture. We only want people that are going to fit from day one. And we have got lots of opportunities to look.
Joshua Shanker: And if we look out at the pipeline, I guess it's going to back three or four years ago you changed your methodology, you were issuing a lot of stock and you said we are no longer going to issue stock without buying it back. Is there any chance that a good acquisition come along that you would be willing to issue stock for at this point? Are you still saying you know what we have made a commitment to shareholders and we want to keep this share account where it is?
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think that clarify that. I think since 2016, when we actually have had such ample cash flows and the ability to borrow on that. That I think we have only issued a total of a net two million shares. So less than 1% of our shares outstanding in the last four plus years. So yes, you are right. We have done that.  I think our cash flows are strong, I think we can do a $1.5 billion of deal this year without issuing stock, but I don’t think that we would hesitate to use a little stock in an acquisition, if we get down to the end of the year we need to do a $100 million or $200 million of stock or first quarter next year we would probably do that. I mean if you are still buying in that eight times range on the smaller deals then we would issued some shares directly to the sellers, I think that is still a good value creation. But we are working very hard to not - do not use shares, but we haven’t had to.
Joshua Shanker: Okay thank you for the answers. Good luck for the remainder of the year.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you Josh.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi good afternoon everybody. My first question is around risk management so I think in the last couple of years we see some favorable seasonality in margins in the third quarter. Are those recurring - is the recurring seasonality there or should we think about maybe flatter seasonality?
Patrick Gallagher: I think the thing that impacts the most is our performance bonus revenues and some of those do trigger in that summer and fall. This year you can see that we are actually down a little bit in this quarter, a couple of million dollars which should be organic, but we saw that coming, because every year our clients raise the bar on our quality and there are sometimes it takes a year or two to work into that. So that is probably what you are seeing in there.
Yaron Kinar: Okay got it and then just maybe a silly question here, but as we look at supplemental and contingent commissions, are the margins further to roughly aligned or are they different?
Patrick Gallagher: Generally we don’t see a lot of difference. Anything that we do with the supplement and contingent is usually how we compensate the field leadership levels so there is not a big difference between those two, we wanted execute the right contract with our underwriters. If they want to do a supplemental, we will do a supplemental, if they want to do a contingent we will do contingent. So we try not to differentiate too heavily - much on that.
Yaron Kinar: Got it and then final quick one what is the rational for the choosing private placement over public debt?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes at this point we just haven’t had access to public market. I don’t know if there is a long history of rational in that, but I think that you for the first time we did our first private placement in 2007 they said you might have one or two lost in it and here we are 12 years later and there seems to be plenty of capacity for it.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. got it thank you.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Yaron.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Newsome: Good afternoon thanks for the color guys. I was wondering if you could look out a little bit into the market environment, I think it’s sort of hard markets as being mostly characterized by a lot of more shopping behavior and period or level of retention to changing are you seeing that in your book are you having - are your customers asking to shop and spreadsheet more or is that not necessarily the case?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, no that is the case, that is right. I think what you have got is you have got the good sales people are outweighed advance, letting customers know that things are a little bit different than they were a year ago. Customers then turned around say what is your mitigation strategy and the dialog you have within this well there is a couple of things. We really like the relation with XYZ carrier, we are going to talk to them about your good account and why it shouldn't be necessarily changed in terms of rate. But there is also others that are very competitive. And part of the job of a broker is to shop the account for your -.
Douglas Howell: And we do see retention coming down. Listen, I haven’t read every single insurance carriers release that have come out. But there, I think their retention is are down just a little bit, which would show there is movement. In our case, that gives us a great opportunity for us to go in with our customers, and that for those prospects that we don't have to demonstrate that we have some creative ways in order to help mitigate what is facing them.
Patrick Gallagher: Remember too, this is when - that is very well not too long ago, this is when the capability shine. So we know that 90% of the time when we compete in the marketplace, we are competing with somebody smaller than we are. So something on the order of 10% of the time, the four bigger players are butting heads a bit. Now, when you have got to mitigate some increases, you want to look at your balance and what have you. Now our capabilities really play well. We have got much better data analytics than any of the small guys, we have got much better carrier relations, we got a broader set of carriers that we are very well related with. And that is hard for that little guy to come in and pick your pocket. So it's really pretty good. It's a good environment for us, our skills get to show off.
Paul Newsome: And I guess similarly, last couple hard markets I saw - do you saw changes in commission levels as well. Carriers trying, not always succeed, but at least trying to reduce the commission levels for the -.
Patrick Gallagher: That is true. That happens. But let me be really clear. This is this is really important guys, do not overemphasize this as a hard market. This is not a hard market. We are getting our accounts quoted, we are not having accounts canceled in a wholesale fashion. We are working through a little bit of increase here. And I have been saying for the last decade, you take me up two down three, up four down two that is not our market. If you go back to 2001, our organic growth was 19%, the market rates were up in average of over 20. And many accounts never could get the cover they wanted. They couldn't fill out their lives. That was a hard market. So let's not let's not get crazy here looking at this as a hard market.
Paul Newsome: I couldn't agree more. But thank you very much.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from one of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I have a question on your commentary where you talked about having difficult comps with last year or in some coming quarters and I'm not sure I understand why having high organic growth in a proceeding this quarter makes it harder to maintain the same organic growth going forward. Is it something impermanent about the revenues in high organic quarters.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think one of the things to look at is that about 40% of our business is actually not annual renewable type policies. We do have surety bonds, construction programs, et cetera, where you might get some lumpy - or its base commissions and fees. But those are not recurring revenues. So we don't have 100% of our book of business that are what you would think about as a standard commercial policy that renews every year. So last year, if you have a little bit of you hit well on a bunch of surety bonds, they might not be back for three or four years. So that does influence. And when you are talking about a point on - talking about 10 million bucks, in total. So you can have a tough compare. If you have 30 or 40 good hits in a quarter you will have a little lumpiness still in our revenues.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That is really helpful.
Patrick Gallagher: That is all .
Meyer Shields: Okay. No that is clarify. I really appreciate it. I have asked this in the past. Is the sort of recurring rate decrease story in workers compensation having any impact at all, in terms of clients looking to retain more of the workers comp disclosure?
Patrick Gallagher: No.
Douglas Howell: We are talking a little bit. When you are talking about down 3%. That is not a huge change.
Patrick Gallagher: No and people don't move in and out of self assurance that often. So if you have got a large retention and you have got a TPA or Gallagher Bassett paying your claims, and you find out that overall, you can get a 3% reduction if you go back to a first hour policy. You are way down the road. You are at the deep end of the pool and you are not going back to the shell in.
Meyer Shields: Okay. perfect, thanks so much.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Meyer.
Operator:  And with that, it looks like our last question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Thank you good afternoon. As I say RPS is up 6% organically in the quarter?
Patrick Gallagher: I think that is what the number was yes.
Douglas Howell: Yes. 5% to 6%, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Would you anticipate, if rate continue to go up? Would you see more activity perhaps in the E&S for one, and maybe that might push that growth a little higher?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. You just said if you could. And that is part of the mitigation strategy. You might have a large portfolio property with maybe one market right now and you get down the road, it might be better to layer that thing. And then you are going to be in the wholesale market. And yes, I think and our team at RPS is very good at that stuff.
Mark Hughes: And then final question on the fourth quarter contribution from acquisition, it looks like there is an outside contribution. Is the margin impact also more outsides, is that high margin stuff in Q4?
Douglas Howell: There would be a slight - on that incremental revenue yes, you would see a slightly higher margin on that just because of the seasonality. But I don't know if it moved the entire billion or billion one that we post in the fourth quarter.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
Patrick Gallagher: Alright. Thank you Mark.
Patrick Gallagher: Mike, I have got a few just wrap up comments here. Thank you again for being with us this afternoon. In closing I'm extremely pleased with our 2019 performance thus far, and the team is poised to deliver another strong finish to the year. Look forward to speaking with you again at our IR Day in September. Thank you for being with us this afternoon. Have a great rest of the evening.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed on this call or described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Jeremy. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As we do each quarter, today Doug I’m going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Those are number one, organic growth. Number two, growing through mergers and acquisitions, three, improving our productivity and quality. And number four, maintaining our unique culture. The team delivered on all four of our operating priorities to begin the year, resulting in a great first quarter. Let me give you some highlights. Our core brokerage and risk management segments combined to deliver 14% growth in revenue, 5.5% all in organic growth, and adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 75 basis points. We also completed 11 tuck-in mergers during the quarter, and culture was recognized again by the Ethisphere Institute, as one of the world’s most ethical companies. I couldn't be prouder of the team, just a great performer. My comments today will be focused on revenue growth, insurance pricing, our dynamic culture. Doug will go into greater detail on productivity quality, clean energy and capital management. So let me start with our brokerage segment. First quarter all in organic growth was 5.7%, including base commission and fee growth pushing 5% and strong contingent and supplemental revenue growth. Organic was solid across all of our divisions globally. Let me give you some more detail. In the US, a retail brokerage operation generated around 6% organic in the first quarter, with benefits a bit lower, PC a bit higher. Domestic retail PC pricing was positive across all our major lines of business except for workers compensation. For example, property and commercial auto pricing were up over 5% and casualty and specialty lines were up a couple of points. Within our domestic wholesale PC business, organic was about 4% and relative to retail pricing a similar stronger across most lines of business. Moving to the UK, our organic was around 5% in the quarter with retail a bit lower and wholesale a bit higher. Our retail PC pricing in the UK is up 3% on average with professional liability pricing up over 5% and most of the lines up a point or two.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat. And good afternoon, everyone. As Pat said, another really excellent quarter of top end line results and a strong way to start off 2019. Today I'll make a few comments referencing the earnings release. I'll then move to the CFO commentary document we post on our website and I'll wrap up with some comments on cash and M&A. Okay, let's turn to page two of the earnings release to the brokerage segment. You'll see that we posted $1.45 of adjusted earnings per share. As you compare our results to your models, looks like there are about 3 puts and takes compared to consensus. First, it looks like contingents came in better than most of you thought. Call it an additional $8 million or about $0.02 after incentive compensation and taxes. However there are two offsetting items. First, it looks like your picks for M&A roll over revenues were above our March 12 guidance by about $8 million or $9 million. And second, non-controlling interest tax were lower than our March 12th guidance by about $2 million to $3 million, combined that $10 million to $2 million or about $0.03 after expenses and taxes is going the other way. So net, net these items about offset, bringing us back to about a $1.45 of EPS or even $1.46. One last comment on page two of the earnings release, only one significant non-GAAP adjustment this quarter, a one time $0.17 net gain from divesting of some smaller brokerage operations in the first quarter. It's a bit of old news given we discussed the largest one during our January earnings release and conference call. But you can see it there now. Otherwise a very clean quarter. Next. Let's turn to page three of the earnings release to the brokerage segment organic table at the top of the page and then go down a little bit to the contingent revenue section. That's where you'll see contingents being organically up $8 million in the first quarter, as I just mentioned. About half of that rises because 20 develop more favorably than previously estimated. The other half is due to new agreements and a slightly more bullish outlook for 2019 based on our view of premium growth and rate increases.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Jeremy I think we can go to questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. My first question going back to just the organic guide for the year, you guys would say about 5%. So was that guide all in or is that the 4 the impact of contingent and supplementals and I guess as part of that answer I believe it - you're March investor day you guys had said that the Q1 is seasonally weaker on organic. Is that still the case? Would you expect the remaining three quarters to be above the first quarter? And is that a comment both before and after considering contingency supplementals?
Douglas Howell: All right. A lot of questions there, and I'll jump in on that, and Pat wants to add again. I think that when it comes to the base contingents – excuse me, base commissions and fees, somewhere in the 4.5% to 5% range – 5.5% range seems about right, right now. When it comes to contingents and supplementals, the positive development we have from last year and then our board - a little bit more bullish outlook here in the first quarter. I would hope that would continue for the rest of the year or that all stack up maybe a brokerage total organic between 5% and 6 %. Does that help?
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. And then in terms of the margin guide, so or maybe just some color going forward. So 60 basis points this quarter and then you did point to a negative impact from some of the recent deals that you've done which I would assume should benefit margins during the out quarter. So can you give us a sense of just the type of margin improvement we should expect to see just given if organic remains in line, kind of that 5%, 5.5% range. What kind of margin improvement we could see in brokerage?
Douglas Howell: I think that - I guess, that I think that for the full year if we post between 5% and 6%, maybe the full year will come in at 50 basis points of margin expansion for the full year, not gets a little - a little harder later in the year when raises go in. As for the impact of M&A it's mostly pronounced in the first quarter, in this case the acquisitions that are rolling in right now don't have big seasonality in them, like we have last year in the third quarter. So we – so because we posted nearly 36 points of margin this quarter, the impact will be more dramatic in the first quarter, when you get to the second third quarter maybe it's 10 basis points something like that.
Elyse Greenspan: 10 basis points negative or positive?
Douglas Howell: It should be a little positive in those quarters.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my last question on, in the U.K. a couple of things going on, we've had on - some of the wholesale and the other reviews going on have kind of been settled and I know in the past I felt like you guys insinuated that, however those are views on kind of shook out that this could be an opportunity for Gallagher to take advantage. And so could you comment on what's going on over there. And then also there has been a sizable deal by one of your peers. And I would think if there is any kind of shake out that maybe you guys could benefit is in the U.K. or other area. So you're seeing that impact your U.K. opportunities as well?
Patrick Gallagher: I mean, start with the TLT aerospace. That was a great opportunity. That came to us because of the EU and the competitors getting  so, yes I think there's going to be great opportunities frankly globally and we just will take them one at a time, we'll take a look at them and we'll be cautious that will not just be London focused by any means. IN terms of London market and how we trade, we are confident from the beginning that the way the wholesale business was run and managed was going to come through a review and its just fine. And that's in fact what happened. So what you're going to see is business as usual, but it does get more costly to operate in London, regulatory pressure is greater and greater. And that gives us opportunities on the M&A side in the team recruiting side. So really Gallagher's in a very good spot in London around the UK and globally to take advantage of some of the dislocation.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's great. Thanks so much. I appreciate the color.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good evening. First question is on probably Pat on the pricing commentary. Any thoughts on what the impetus of why pricing is increasing. Do you think it has momentum and maybe also any bifurcation in pricing between small, middle or large accounts?
Patrick Gallagher: So if you take a look at our results and this is I've said this probably almost every quarter. Typically we've said rate and exposures contributed something like 1% of our organic growth. In this quarter it was probably closer to 2%. So when you hear my commentary on the rates around the world don't take them to mean that we're facing a firming hard market. There's offsets to that, when DNO goes up, workers compensation is likely to go down. If you look at the last probably 11 or 12 years and you look at a graphic of what's happened to PC rates they'll go up two, they'll come down three, they'll go up four, the high flat . That is a really good market for us. I grew up in an environment where every 10 years there was total dislocation, rates were jumping 50% to 70 %. Insurance was a complete seller's market and clients were really unhappy. The market would then start to soften and anybody that had a license could beat you on a price sometimes very substantially just by getting to a market that nobody thought even had appetite. So with a market like this our skill set really makes a difference. No one out there can just run to X Y Z company get this crazy low vote. I mean it does happen from time to time, but it's just not a general rule. So when we're working in the 2%, 5%, 3% up, 4 % down environment, then the skill set makes all the difference in preparing the risk management approach for the client. So this is really a good environment. A little firmer and that's really what I wanted my remarks to say, that don't go out and say wow we're going into a hard market, a little firmer. And I think that's probably justified by cat losses and by some capacity shrinkage in particular in the London market and by other discipline underwriters, you saw Traveller's results, I mean, those guys are - they're smart they're smart underwriters.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. Maybe for Doug, the restructuring initiatives you took last year or some of the charges. Is there kind of a rule of thumb on a payoff for those and just ’19, I don't know if there's a go, is it a one for one or 50% payoff you get in the subsequent year?
Douglas Howell: I think that in terms of what we did for the - for some of the headcount reductions that we took last year, we actually reinvested that into data and marketing, in some of our system need, including cyber. So the actual payback on the displacements directly was pretty high. The payback came probably within about nine months, but we turned around and reinvested that at into our data initiatives, which are really taking off well. I think that you're seeing it, we've got another service center that's really paying benefits there. So we reinvest it but the payback on that actual take out was pretty fast.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. IF I could just sneak one last one, just curious maybe it's too early, but as you know if the intern class which is ‘19 or is growing versus last year?
Douglas Howell: Yes, that’s going to grow a bit. I mean, we're kind of getting to the stretch point at 450 young people coming into learn about our business, but it'll be up a skosh.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you very much.
Douglas Howell: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Good evening, guys. First I had a couple for Doug on  contingence. First of all should we think about, I mean the upside it's being driven I think you should 8 mil  Is that pretty much 100% margin or is there a cost associated with that variance?
Douglas Howell: First answer that is typically the contingent commission line is what helps fuel the incentive compensation for field leadership. So I would not say it's 100%. It's probably more in the 60% range that would hit the bottom line.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And then I was a little bit - I think a malicious  question, Doug it sounded like you thought that there might be a possibility for more dis-favor with development over the remainder of the year. Could you just give me some idea of what exactly was driving that in Q1 and what potentially could make that continue to be out of this in the coming quarters?
Douglas Howell: Yes I think that I understand it. I think you need -- I think that if my memory is right we had about $90 million dollars contingent commissions last year, so when we're talking about tightening up a $90 million estimate by $3 million votes or something like that is really what's happening here. It's not a big variance around the path right. Second of all in our case we might have several hundred or more contracts that all contribute, some of them bigger, some smaller to the contingent commission number. So we're talking about a very small change in estimate on a per contract basis. Looking forward if we had a good performance in 2018 on these contracts and developed a little bit better it probably stands to reason that we might have a little bit better development on 2019 assuming we don't have loss ratios deteriorate substantially between now and the end of the year. So as we - as we stand here in the first quarter and we trying to estimate what we're going to get, a year from now we might be a little bit more optimistic today than we were a year ago at the same time. So maybe it's a couple million bucks, but I don't know if there's a large trend here. I think it's just more just tightening up our estimates on a large variety of contracts.
Ryan Tunis: Understood, okay. And then one on the M&A pipeline, I think you said there's $350 million in the pipeline. Just curious how much is that. Give us some idea of how much of that is from these bigger type of acquisitions. I mean Stackhouse is obviously very big or is most of that turned 50 mil  the much smaller deals that were - that were more accustomed to?
Douglas Howell: When you take a look at the number of acquisitions that are in the pipeline, the dominant number are small tuck-ins. But you're right there are one, two, three, four in there that are sizable, that would be substantially bigger than even a number of the tuck-ins combined. So it's very - it's an eclectic mix. It's across the entire set of our geographies, as you know Stackhouse Paul was UK. There's others in there that are a little bit sizable that are in the US but by item count and as we do our announcements and put out a press releases most of those are going to be tuck-ins.
Patrick Gallagher: When we say final, we're talking about $20 million to $50 million type revenue shops too.
Ryan Tunis: So Pat do you think we'll see another $100 million plus deal this year?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks, guys.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes line of Yaron Kinar, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good afternoon. It's far too Doug's answer to Elyse's questions on margins. Did I understand correctly that you were thinking that that margin is expansion will be in the 10 basis point range in the second or third quarters?
Douglas Howell: No, that would be the impact of the Rowan  acquisitions on the margin expansion in the second quarter and third quarter.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, that's helpful. And then we're leaving. And can you maybe talk a little bit about some of the other puts and takes that would go into margin expansion throughout the rest of the year?
Douglas Howell: One of the things that were - wage inflation does exist, but we've been fortunate since 2005 to have invested substantially in our journey on creating some lower cost labor locations. Right now we have six locations around the world, we're pushing 5000 employees there. And so as a result of that we have a little bit of a safety valve on wage inflation. So we think that our productivity lifts not only using our offshore centers of excellence but also new technology investments that we're making can help offset that natural wage inflation that you're seeing up there in the market. Competition for talent is getting tougher. But we do believe that we have a safety valve for that. So pressure is on the margin. We're going to come wage inflation, you're seeing real estate costs are going up. So that's in there. But we have techniques in order to better utilize our real estate footprint. And then also just the amount of money that's necessary in order to have a rock solid cyber platform, in order to be able to deliver that technology needs. That's an expensive proposition. So now looking at margin expansion we have 5% organic growth that we can do 50 basis points of margin expansion. It's really good especially when we're talking about 450 interns that are coming and we're talking about cyber, we're talking about wage inflation, we're talking about other the services that are so necessary for our clients and the placement of their insurance, and then also paying their claims. That's really good work for us to build a harvest that kind of margin expansion.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And you know when you look at some of the larger acquisitions, I think you said there may be something in the $100 million or more range coming in or the JLP aerospace business. Are those immediately margin accretive or are they dilutive and you need to do a little bit of integration there. How should we think about that?
Douglas Howell: Well, that depends on the nature of the business. I mean we're not afraid to go out and buy a really well-run shop that's for some reason is running 20 points of margin, even though we're coming into the high 20s in terms of the brokerage margins. If there's something about the way their business is run and what the clients need for service we would not be afraid to buy a 20 point margin business just because it would roll in to our - into our business and maybe be slightly dilutive on margins. The point is it's about the growth. What is their EBITDA doing? How do we have an opportunity better together? So most of the ones we're looking to tuck-ins they come in pretty close to what we're at.
Patrick Gallagher: I would say that. And I would say some of the big ones, I think they'll come in - they'll come in close to our margin, once we've had them on board for a bit. when we bring in a sizable PC or benefits operation and then get them moved to as Doug was talking about our centers of excellence where our lower cost labor is, we impact those margins favorably. So I think they I think you should look at them as probably coming in pretty close to what we've got.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon.
Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: I'll ask the usual question about the workers comp to sort of curious Pat you've, I think you've expressed in some recent quarters that you've seen a uptick, but we don't seem to see that flowing through to any of the carriers losses or are really describing any sort of uptick in frequency?
Patrick Gallagher: No, no. I've I have not said uptick in comp. I've said just the opposite. We've seen decreases in comp all year.
Mark Hughes: I'm thinking - I'm thinking the claims frequency. I'm sorry. Yes I was thinking the claims of frequency, just sort of curious to get your latest thoughts on that?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, we are seeing - we are seeing about something like 2.5% increase in the claim count that's coming through Gallagher Bassett kph an existing business. I think that's because the economy is robust. You do have more people working and they're working longer hours. You also have the whole distracted driver thing which is really driving a big part of the auto market being very tough. But it also is leading over into some of the some of the losses in the comp world. And so I think that's a natural thing and we go into some form of a recession, our claim counts generally dropped pretty substantially because our clients are reducing workloads and closing down shifts. Now shifts are pretty robust and you have a little bit more. And hopefully our clients lost control that we assist on can help mitigate that. So that that the uptick in claims is a good thing but a bad thing. And we'd rather be on the side of preventing that than counting them.
Mark Hughes: Seems like the risk management growth that the 4% is still good organic but you've had very strong and stronger growth in the past. Is there anything to restraint on the growth and you've got a tough comp in the second quarter. But aside from that anything holding the growth back there?
Patrick Gallagher: No in fact I think what's happening is the Mark there's even going to be more and more differentiation around outcomes and that's what we're out in the marketplace talking about. Two things that I think you're going to make a huge difference over time in that business. The idea that you could adjust as a risk manager or as a buyer these services just keep pushing down the price and get the same work for cheaper, cheaper, cheaper. That's a cheap thrill and it's going to start to show up very, very clearly in outcomes. The other thing is I think you're going to find more and more carriers and captives outsourcing their work either in lines of cover that they want to get into geographies they want to get into and in some instances full on situations like their entire risk management book. It's becoming a much more relevant approach. So I think the really good providers in the claims business globally have an unbelievably future for 4.1% was a very nice quarter given the comparable to last year.
Douglas Howell: Now I think Mark, if you look at it we had 4% in ‘17 we had 7% in ‘18 organic growth. Some of that - some of the business that comes into our risk management segment can be kind of elephant hunting as we pick up some larger like work comp or work cover schemes down in Australia and some of these larger governmental programs. And then as carriers do tend to find that our claim outcomes are pretty compelling so they start bringing work. So it wouldn't surprise me that this is a business that you see 5% one year and you see 8% or 9% another and there is a little bit of the impact on that this year. If we can bring it in at 5% between 4% and 6% I think I'd be a pretty good year coming off a total of 7% last year.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of our question and answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Jeremy. Thank you again for being with us this afternoon. We had a great first quarter and I would like to personally thank all of our employees across the globe for their hard work and our clients for their continued support. 2019 should be another great year for Gallagher. Look forward to speaking with you at our June 13th Investor Day and have a great rest of the evening. Thank you for being with us.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co’s Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed on this call or described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and the other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Devon. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As I do each quarter, today I’m going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Number one, is organic growth. Number two, is growing through mergers and acquisitions. Number three, is improving our productivity and quality. And number four is maintaining our unique culture. The team once again executed on all four resulting in another great quarter and a fantastic year. Let me start with some finance financial highlights for the quarter. Our core brokerage and risk management segments combined to deliver 11% growth in revenue, 5.8% all in organic growth, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 45 basis points and we completed 19 tuck-in mergers during the quarter, representing about $90 million of annualized revenue. And let’s not forget about clean energy. $22 million of after tax earnings in the quarter bringing the full year total to almost $119 million, just a great performance by the team. Now for some more detail on our results starting with the brokerage segment organic. Fourth quarter organic growth was 5.6% all in, reflecting strong base commission and fee growth of 5.9%. Combined, supplemental and contingent commission growth was 1.7% light by about $2.5 million in the quarter, mostly related to catastrophe loss experience. This shortfall didn’t move the organic needle much, but it did pull our brokerage margin expansion down from 65 basis points to 70 basis points to 46 basis points. Regardless, a really strong result by the brokerage team in the face of a tough comparison from last year’s fourth quarter. Let me break down our fourth quarter organic growth around the world. First, our domestic property casualty operations had a really great quarter, with base organic of over 6%. Our domestic retail benefits operation was closer to 2%, which is good performance given that the unit was up against that tough comparable of nearly 8% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Outside the U.S., our U.K. operations posted 8% organic. Canada was up 6% and Australia and New Zealand grew around 9%. Property casualty rates and exposure combined are trending higher across all major geographies and continue to be a modest tailwind to our organic growth. Similar to last quarter, these two factors added a little over a point to organic. Let me give you some rate soundbites during the quarter, focusing on a few noteworthy lines of business. In our retail P.C. business, commercial, auto and property lines are up about 5% and workers compensation is down a little less than a point. In our domestic wholesale operations, property and commercial auto lines are up 4% casualty lines up 3%, and workers compensation down over 3%. U.K. retail is flat or modestly positive across almost all lines with the exception of professional liability, which we see up over 5%. In Canada, property is up more than 4% while commercial auto and casualty lines are up less than 4%. And finally, Australia, New Zealand continue to show the strongest impact casualty and specialty lines are up over 5% and property is up around 9%. Overall, the PC market remains stable, similar to past quarters, but we do see it trending just a little higher than say we saw in the fall of 2013. Regardless, it’s a market that is good for brokers, it’s good for carriers, and most importantly, it’s good for our clients. Looking forward, 2019 brokerage organic growth feels like it will be around 5%. Next, let me talk about brokerage merger and acquisition growth. 2018 was an outstanding merger and acquisition year. We completed 44 mergers, representing about $318 million of the annualized revenues. I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Looking toward 2019, our merger and acquisition momentum continues. So far this year we have announced seven mergers representing about $130 million of annualized revenue. In addition, our internal M&A pipeline report shows around $350 million of revenues associated with about 50 term sheets, either agreed upon or being prepared. Well not all of these will close. The continued strength in our pipeline shows our ability to attract tuck-in merger partners at fair prices, who are excited about our capabilities and believe in our unique culture and realize that we can be more successful together. Moving to productivity and quality. As I mentioned earlier, lower contingent commissions tempered brokerage margin expansion by about 20 basis points in the quarter. But even with the shortfall in contingents, adjusted EBITDAC margin was up 46 basis points in the quarter, a really nice result. The brokerage team continues to work hard to find efficiencies across the organization and further leverage our scale, helping us become better, faster, and deliver higher quality service to our clients. Next, let me move to our risk management segment, which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter organic growth was a really strong 6.7%, domestic organic was 6% and international posted 11%. In the U.S. workers compensation and general liability claim counts are moving higher, and finished the year up around 3%. Our insurance carrier business once again grew nicely during the quarter as more and more insurance carriers realize that we can customize and handle claims more efficiently. Outside the U.S. growth was excellent in Australia and the U.K,. which reflects our ability to deliver superior claim outcomes for our clients anywhere around the globe. As we look forward, 2019 risk management segment organic growth feels like it will be in the 6% to 7% range. Moving to mergers and acquisitions; Gallagher Bassett completed two mergers in the quarter an Australian based provider of worker risk management services, and a U.K. based provider of property repair services. These are two excellent examples of the type of specialized partners we are attracting to Gallagher Bassett. In terms of margin, the risk management segment fourth quarter adjusted EBITDAC margin was increased by 17 basis points. This brought our full year adjusted EBITDAC margin to 17.4% within our 17% to 17.5% expectation. Looking forward, we see margins in a similar range next year as the team leverages its scale through shared services, increases its utilization of our offshore and domestic service centers, and invest in technology and analytics. And finally, I’ll touch on what truly distinguishes our franchise, and that’s our culture. It is a culture that values teamwork, ethics, client service and a dedication to the communities we operate in. The core tenants of our culture, which have been part of this company for generations are memorialized in the Gallagher way penned by my uncle in 1984. Every day, our colleagues get up and work diligently to maintain our culture, to promote our culture, and to live our culture. There’s a culture that has also been recognized externally. This past year we were the only insurance broker to be recognized by Forbes magazine as a world’s best employer and for seven straight years we have been named the World's Most Ethical company by the Ethisphere Institute. Awards and recognitions aren’t everything, but I believe these continue to show that even as we grow and become more global, our unique Gallagher culture resonates with all of our offices. Okay, an excellent quarter and a tremendous year on all measures. I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas Howell: Thanks Pat, and good afternoon everyone. Today I’ll highlight a couple of things in the earnings release and then move to the CFO commentary document we posted on our website. But first, as Pat said, a great quarter to wrap up a fantastic year, deserves special mention. I’d like to thank all of our worldwide professionals for such a strong finish. Okay, to the earnings release. Pat hit the highlights of the brokerage and risk management segments. So let’s turn to Page 9 to the corporate segment shortcut table, that’s a little noisy. So let me break that down. First, you’ll see that we had a terrific quarter for clean energy, due to favorable December weather conditions our clean energy earnings came through to post an additional $3 million of after tax net earnings than we had forecasted during our December 11th Investor Day. That completely offset the slight shortfall in contingents that Pat mentioned earlier. In effect, a nice weather hedge for our total corporate earnings. I know it isn’t technically a hedge, but it certainly worked that way this quarter. Second. You’ll see that we had two favorable items that we have adjusted out. So looking at the last line in the fourth quarter table, that’s at the top of page nine. That’s the adjusted line. You’ll see that our corporate segment came in about $5 million better than the midpoint estimates we provided during our December IR day. The first adjustment is the favorable impact of reorganizing our legal entity structure, a $22 million benefit from releasing a tax value valuation allowance. It’s not really a cash item this quarter, but it does help reduce our ongoing administrative costs, and it will reduce cash taxes paid over the next 10 years, equates to a couple of million dollars a year of cash savings going forward. The second adjustment is an $8.9 million favorable impact from clarifying guidance issued last month related to the Tax Reform Act passed in December of 2017. It clarifies how U.S. taxes -- how the U.S. taxes earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. I’ll come back to the other corporate segment line items in a few minutes when we get to the CFO commentary. Next, flip to page 10 of the earnings release. The third item from the bottom called other. We did sell a small brokerage unit in January. We thought the product and customer service offering fit better with the buyer’s underwriting business. So it ended up being a nice win win for both of us. Let’s go now to the CFO commentary document, to page to 12 [ph]. We’ve now provided our first look at items for 2019. Two modeling notes. First, amortization expense. Please take a quick look at your quick look at your brokerage segment amortization packs. We’re forecasting $74 million in the first quarter and as a footnote says, you’ll need to tick that up a couple of million a quarter for M&A that we could do for the rest of the year, and that will get you close. Second, the earnings from non-controlling interest line. Our first quarter is when our brokerage segment has the largest impact from earnings from non-controlling interest. Please double check your models as this has caused some modeling noise in the past. Let’s now turn to page three to the corporate segment, let me walk you through that page. First, the blue section is just a reprint of a corporate shortcut tables from our earnings release this year. Next, we’ve added the yellow adjusted section to remove the favorable tax items, I discussed with you a minute or so ago. We believe the yellow adjusted numbers are more helpful when comparing to both the grey section and that’s just a reprint of our estimates given last month during our December IRR day, and in comparison to the pinkish section, which is our first estimates for 2019. Let me take each line in that table. Interest and banking. Our fourth quarter came in better than our December estimates, call it a million dollars after tax. Stronger cash flows in the fourth quarter kept us out of our line of credit. Our borrowings are a little bit lower. As for 2019, again in the pink column, you’ll see that our estimates for interest expense are going up to reflect our additional 600 million of borrowings, as noted in Footnote 1 on that page, and also in the 8-K we filed with our earnings release this afternoon. We use all of that for M&A, which I’ll touch on later in my comments. Moving down to the M&A expense line. M&A expenses ran a little hot in the fourth quarter, coming in about $4 million more than our estimates. It’s simply more external, legal and due diligence costs related to two international deals that we’ve recently announced, and one larger domestic deal that we pulled the plug on in December. Looking forward, we see 2019 more like the first three quarters of 2018 than we do the fourth quarter of 2018. The corporate line, adjusted fourth quarter came in about $3 million better than our December IR day forecast. Looking forward, we again see 2019 being more consistent with adjusted 2018. So let’s go next to the impact of tax reform line. While the guidance gave us a benefit in 2018, unfortunately other guidance takes away a different benefit in 2019. So you’ll see that 2019 is more in line with the adjusted amounts in the yellow columns, but again, it’s very important to remind you that this line is mostly a book expense not cash because the additional taxes are nearly all offset by the use of our credits. In the end, tax reform has been a homerun for Gallagher. Finally, to clean energy. As I mentioned earlier, fourth quarter came in about $3 million better than we forecasted due to a cold last half in December. When you look at our full year 2018, we estimate that ideal weather patterns contributed about $8 million to our full year net earnings of $119 dollars. So now, as we and our utility partners look out over 2019, we’re not expecting increased production levels from another ideal weather year. Rather, something closer to production levels we saw back in 2017. It’s fantastic – it’s fantastic that we’re still forecasting another year over $100 million in net earnings, but we just don’t see it as being amazing as it was in 2018. Okay let’s flip to Page five of the CFO commentary. You’ll see that we’ve updated our roll-in revenue estimates for mergers that we have announced thus far this year. Usually our first quarter is a little slow, but it’s certainly not the case this year. For full year 2019, let’s say we can do about $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion of M&A with free cash and debt. That consists of $300 million of cash on hand, will generate another $700 million after our dividend here in 2019, plus another $600 million borrowing that I mentioned earlier. Of that, we use or will use about $500 million for mergers we’ve already announced, and have been included in our roll-in revenues in the table, meaning that we still have about a billion dollars to fund additional M&A in 2019. In 2018, our weighted average multiple was around 8.3 times, and it equates to much lower than eight times when you factor in our tax credits showing that we can execute our tuck-in merger strategy at fair pricing which gives us a nice arbitrage to our trading multiple. Okay. Those are my comments. An excellent quarter to close out an outstanding year and we’re in a really terrific position to continue our success here in 2019. Back to you Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Doug. Devon, I think we can go to questions and answers now.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good evening. My first question going back to some of your comments Pat when you kicked off the call. You described the market as stable, but you did say, it’s a little bit better than the fall of 2018, which is good to hear, but then also you said organic growth probably around 5%. I know you guys have been talking about 2019 being about the same as 2018. So it came in at just 5.6% this year as well. So is there any reason I know it’s only half a point slowdown, but how you’re kind of coming to that 5% of cost next year to drop a little bit from where 2018 was?
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think, Elyse that item, Pat and I were looking. I think it’s just a little more conservative than we are seeing here in this year. There are you know we will see how our contingents and supplementals come out next year. We’ll see how the if there is -- if there’s any slowdown at all in the economy, we’re not seeing it now, but I think a 5% pick feels more it’s more like 5% than it’s 6% that's for sure.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Plus I think, Elyse, when rates go up a little bit, what we really had a hard time tracking is the opt-out. So for instance, someone may take a higher retention, bring that premium back down. Someone may drop limits. Instead of buying $100 million, drop it down to $50. It’s really hard to track that stuff. So as rates go up, they don’t just flow through, which is why when you see us talking about rates up here at 5, and somewhere there 3, and in Australia New Zealand 9. But the impact to the company from rate and from exposure units is only about 1%.
Elyse Greenspan: And you would expect it to continue to be about 1% in 2019 as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. Okay. And then on, another question. You guys are going to be issuing some interest expense. It sounds like the M&A pipeline is very robust. So obviously we update our models to factor in higher corporate expenses due to the interest expense here, but then the offset should really be that it sounds like there’s going to be a lot more revenue flowing through this year. So can you just give us a sense, I mean, obviously decent uptick in corporate expenses, but is the offset that as you guys kind of model this through internally you see earnings going up because it’s the firepower it gives you to finance future transactions.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think, Elyse, I think it’s important to look at page 5 of the CFO commentary, for just acquisitions that we’ve closed and we have announced thus far this year, the roll-on impact is 92 million bucks in the first quarter 80 million in the second, but then there’ll be new acquisitions that come on there too. So yes, if you push up your interest expense and your model, you need to make sure that you put in the role and impact of the acquisitions that we’re using that debt for.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That makes sense. And then so you guys did 318 million of annualized revenue in 2018, already 130 million so far this year. So I guess, based off of the strong start to the year and the pipeline that you alluded to earlier, both of you guys, you would expect I guess the revenue -- the acquired revenue on that metric to on deals that you announced for all of 2019 to be higher than 2018, I would assume.
Douglas Howell: Yes probably 40% higher, 30% to 40% higher.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay that’s great. And then you guys didn’t call out just one last margin question. I know there were some acquisitions that were dilutive to your margins in the third quarter, and the thinking was that for the full year on an annualized basis they would be margin kind of neutral. Did you see a benefit in the fourth quarter or? Or is that something that we think about more benefiting the first half of 2019 margins?
Douglas Howell: Yes, it’s about 7 basis points in the fourth quarter of margin left next to nothing on that. We had -- maybe I think for the whole in the third quarter is 40 basis points if my memory is right or maybe it’s 10 basis points of positive in the first second and a little bit here in the fourth. So year-to-date not much.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Elyse. Have a good evening.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Yes, thank you and good evening. So my first question is on margin. So if you look at past three years mentally, what I’m drawing two lines. If you look at organic gross, 2016, 3% 2017, 4% and 2018 is almost 6%. So the organic growth accelerating, then the other line is margin expansion year-over-year about 80 basis point 2016, 50 basis points 2017 and 40 basis points 2018. So why these two line diverging? And can you help us to see is that wage inflation investment you need to make or, or/and to we’ll try to figure it out, in 2019 were the pace of margin expansion better than the 40 basis point you seen in 2018.
Douglas Howell: First I see 2019 very similar to 2018. So that will help you on that one. In terms of why, I think it really comes down to the fundamental investment layer that’s going on inside of the business. We’re seeing – we’re investing heavily in data analytics, sales support tools, branding, sales support on the marketing side. So there is an investment layer there Kai, that’s happening underneath. As for actual wage inflation, as you know that we feel like we have a little bit of a safety valve on that with our offshore centers of excellence where we can continue to move work to lower cost labor locations. So the real cost is that the any additional cost that we’re spending are primarily going to two things that we believe should help us grow better in the future.
Kai Pan: Including producer hires?
Douglas Howell: Yes, that’s right.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. And then my second question on the acquisition, looks like you have a very strong pipeline and I saw up like a press release every day. So -- in January the seven deals seem particularly harsh on average about $18 million each. Much larger than your normal deal, where you’re talking about $3 million, $5 million, $7 million. Is there is a trend that you’re getting more larger deals? And also, what do you pay for them? Is that the larger deals tend to command higher multiple?
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think the one that’s inflating the first quarter numbers in terms of the revenue per acquisition as we announced Stackhouse Poland in the U.K. We think that’s a terrific addition to our growing retail operations there. The multiple on that was above 10 times, but I think our portfolio for the year, this year was three times. And then again for anything we do in the U.S. our tax credits bring that number down. As a matter of fact, it ends up being a multiple about 7, 6.9 to 7 times on U.S. acquisitions. So, the little bit larger one that we’re doing here in the first quarter is what’s -- what you’re seeing there.
Kai Pan: Okay. That's very helpful. Last one if I may on the sort of your leverage level. With the $600 million additional debt, what's your leverage level? Are we going to see like a further sort of leverage as you grow your business, doing more acquisitions or is there -- the leverage level you're going to just go up with the sort of EBITDA growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I would -- it's more the latter of what you’re saying. We -- this is not a levering up of our balance sheet. We think this is a safe level consistent with what we've done in the past. Our cash flows at the end of 2018 were particularly strong. So our debt ratio dropped down maybe point two turns of EBITDA and we'll reset that number at point two. But it's not going to be -- you're not going to see us run three times or something like that.
Kai Pan: Perfect. Thank you so much and good luck to those 2019.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Kai.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good evening.
Yaron Kinar: I had a question on the risk management margins. I think you call out a non-recurring favorable settlement in business insurance. So could you maybe quantify what margin impact that had?
Douglas Howell: In the quarter maybe it's – I’m just doing the math in my head here. Maybe is – its a 20 basis points that what I guess, 10 basis.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So, not very significant.
Douglas Howell: Yes, right.
Yaron Kinar: And as we keep hearing these or seeing these headlines about potential recession at some point, at the end of this year or maybe next year. Can we remind us or talk through some of the expense structure. Basically what component that would be variable and what actions could you take to manage expenses, should organic start flowing?
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think that there's two things. First of all, we're not seeing a recession in anything in our clients at this point. We're seeing our clients continuing to grow. We’re considering -- so, we're not seeing that yet. But what would happen if they did? I'm going to talk about a slight recession not a great recession. Usually what we do is we -- as we just tighten our hiring a little bit, we typically have not been one to go to large layoffs. We don't cut benefits back. We don't really cut back on those things that are building our franchise going forward. But rather what we'll do is we'll be just a little bit slower to hire and when you're having a 10% of your workforce turnover every year you can tighten your belt a little bit and reallocate work. And that tends to be what you can do in a recession. So the model is highly flexible to respond in a recession and usually just a little tightening of the belt that allows us to get through just a modest recession.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Two things I'd add to that. This is Pat. Number one, Doug started off saying, we're not seeing that and we've checked with our fields people, and our clients businesses are strong. So, what's going on right now is clearly not a recession. The other thing I'd point out is I tell our people this all the time, we're in the luckiest spot in the world of commerce. I don't care what happens to the economy. You're going to buy your insurance.
Yaron Kinar: Right. Look, I'm not in any way suggesting there is a recession. I take the fact that you're actually -- it sounds like you've actually increase your organic growth estimates here because I think only a month ago you were talking about 5% organic for 2019 off of a lower base. And so, clearly the organic numbers are very strong. Did not in any way…?
Douglas Howell: Yes. We’re still seeing five. But our best guess for next year is 5%.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Well, I thought you said 5% for brokerage and 6% to 7% for risk management?
Douglas Howell: Fair enough, yes, you’re right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: You’re correct.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, okay. That’s a great organic growth numbers. Thanks again.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Yaron.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with question.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good evening. On the risk management segment I guess I'm just little bit surprised about your guidance for no margin improvement given the healthy revenue trend and outlook. Maybe you can just quickly and I think in the past you've also talked about you could -- you can squeeze some margin improvement out as long as organics above. You can correct me if I'm wrong about four or five-ish. So if you can kind of talk to the rationale on the guidance there?
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think that -- we're been saying between 17% and 17.5% on the risk management segment for a number of years now. Where we like to see it that 17.6% or 17% that might happen, but right now we're pretty comfortable that 17.5% margin range. In that business it's not quite as levered as the brokerage businesses. Is that still a heavy labor, so you really need -- if you go back and listen to it you really need margin expansion above 3% in the brokerage space and you only need organic growth of at least 3% or more to expand into brokerage space and you need at least 5% in the risk management space just because it's not heavily leveraged or geared business. We'll see what happens when we come through the year this year. We'll see what. There are some pretty exciting things that we're doing with some of our domestic service center work. But 2018 -- 2020 might be a year to see more of a step up.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Mike, let me make a comment too. This is Pat. When you write claim business you better put the people on because the bags of claims are coming. You better have them on. You better haven't trained and you better have them ready. You can't wait till the claims start flowing and they go recruit people.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, understood. My other question is on, Pat, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that worker’s comp general liability claim counts are up a few percent year-over-year. I think -- does that figure include exposure growth or is that a frequency statistic?
J. Patrick Gallagher: That’s a frequency major.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. I ask because we sometime use that as a read through for the carriers. Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And also I would say that it also gives you an idea of kind of what’s going in the economy a little bit. When claim kind of start to rise, it’s usually because there’s more work being done by our clients.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And I guess just a final on this and I don't know if this is a big deal or not, but does your 1Q guidance for clean coal take into account the lovely weather we're experiencing in January in the Midwest and parts of the northeast?
Douglas Howell: I don't have those productions levels today, but it's pretty darn cold here and we have a lot of plants in Iowa. Actually it's interesting enough electricity use in the south that drives it more than it is necessarily that cold weather in the Midwest because there's so much natural gas in homes in the Midwest in the north when you get in the south it's much more baseboard heat et cetera. So you really need to cold weather in South Carolina, happening a little bit now, but yes, we'll see a little bit better first quarter results as a result of this week's weather.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Stay warm and good luck until 2019. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Hey. Good evening. Follow-up on Kai's question like thinking about the wage inflation aspect of things, Doug, if you had a -- it's probably just a guess at this point. But what do you think inflation did in 2018? What impact did that have do you think our industry expense growth component? Was it 1%, 2%, 3% just the wage inflation aspect? Thanks.
Douglas Howell: Hi. There’s two components in that. There's the actual raise, increase and that’s probably was about a 1% pool this year and just turns the wage inflation. And then when you take a look at the replacement cost, this year our average replacement was running about 8% more than what our termination rate was -- level was. So that's also a little bit that we're hiring perhaps more technical folks in the data, the analytics area, but we're continuing to become more efficient in some of the middle paid layers as we implement technology and use our offshore centers of excellent. But by and large as a percentage of revenue we're seeing wage and replacement inflation somewhere around as a percentage of revenue 1.2%.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. That's helpful. And if I could, what percentage of your workforce in the normal years, new employee?
Douglas Howell: We typically replace about 12% of our workforce just through natural attrition.
Ryan Tunis: And then, I mean Doug in 2019, 1.2, is there more marquee on that or is that…?
Douglas Howell: No, I think that's a pretty good number right now. I feel like that 2019 we can operate at that level.
Douglas Howell: Got you. Then the other thing I wanted to ask about was, again, I want to use the recession word, but back in 2008 you guys had much smaller employee benefits. And trying to get a feel -- that's obviously been a pretty big growth area for you guys and competitors as well, but what's really been driving that? Is that been more health? Is that been talent? And how much of that is tied to? How much of that revenue growth is tied to essentially payroll versus just projects and hours and that type of thing?
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is Pat, Ryan. You've got two things that are influencing that. As we grown through acquisitions we've brought on more product offerings for our clients. We're much bigger now in the retirement field, much bigger in HR consulting and all the other services that are folded in and around health and welfare. Health and welfare still remains our biggest. And that is of course -- that attaches based on headcount and population. But the rest is a mix of project work. Most of the HR stuff would be project work and ongoing which you might call annuity revenue from things like retirement.
Douglas Howell: And realized through that, right now, even if even if we have an uptick of a point in unemployment, right now employers number one issue is the war for talent and that's exactly where our benefits, folks play in that, its how do they create a better workforce to attract more talent. Because even if employment goes from three and a half back to four and a half to five there's still going to be a war for talent out there. We are not seeing a great recession before. So this isn't like payroll numbers are going to be dropping dramatically 10%, 12% something like that.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good afternoon guys.
Douglas Howell: Hi, Adam.
Adam Klauber: How did our RPS do this year? Was it in line with overall organic or somewhat better or worse? And then on top of that, there's been some dislocation in the E&S markets, Lloyds and AIG are pulling back. Is that a help or is that can be challenged for our RPS next year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, RPS was basically in line with the brokerage segment in terms of growth and what have you. They are seeing a little bit stronger tailwind in terms of some of the placements they are making in the E&S market. But to your point, you do have some pullback at Lloyd's and AIG. But I will tell you we're finding no problem in particular with the U.S. domestic market gobbling those disruptions up. Business will move from London back in United States, D&O policy quoted by Chubb here versus Lloyds there that will move. So, I think there's good there's good in RPS. And there's a lot of great cross-sell into the Gallagher organization by our brokers to RPS and I see that continuing.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then -- sorry if you said this. You U.K. business, what's -- I guess what's the general outlook in 2019 versus 2018 for the U.K. for your business?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think. I'm really pleased with our U.K. business. I mean that organic number that we mentioned earlier today is a real really good improvement. And the franchise, the retail franchise throughout the U.K. is up in the Scotland as well is really strong and has just great opportunity to continue growing. And our specialty operation in London is second to none in that market. And is growing in spite of what Lloyd's is doing.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then as far as sort of same store produce I don't think you give out that number, but in general is that, did that grow last year and do you expect it to grow this year?
Douglas Howell: Yes. We're up about this year considerably better than we were in 2017. We typically don't talk about specific numbers but if 2017 were flat to up 2% we probably triple that this year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Adam you know pretty well. This is sales machine. You're not going to be here if you're not growing your book.
Adam Klauber: Right, right. Okay. Well, thanks for the answers guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Adam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Hey, Pat. You had mentioned maybe a little more tailwind in early 2019. I think you're talking about P&C pricing compared to the fall. Could you expand on that a little bit? What might the magnitude of it would be? What's driving it?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think part of it is you know you've got good economic activity. I'm trying to get to what my actual prepared comments were. But we're seeing -- rates in the U.S. commercial, auto and property, up about five, and that’s being driven a lot, Mark, by auto. The transportation market is actually tough right now. And property lines, of course, you had the storms. And that's got to be spread out across the book. But at the same time workers’ compensation is down about a point. So, I think what you've got is some recovery from the storms in the property market and the transportation market is driving a bunch of the others.
Mark Hughes: But you feel like it's a little better in Q1 as opposed to the back half of 2018?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. But, Mark, don't adjust your model. It's up slightly. And remember I talked about the fact that clients opt out. So I might take a bigger retention depending if I'm a small piece of -- if I'm a small account, I don't have that opportunity. But any commercial middle market account has levers they can pull to reduce the rate impact.
Mark Hughes: Understood. On the domestic benefit I think you're up two. Last quarter you're up five. Anything going on there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Just a tough comparable the last year, they had a dynamite fourth quarter last year.
Mark Hughes: And then finally on contingents, I don't know whether you said what drove that? Was just a timing issue or some sort of the shift in the mix on payments? What's behind that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Catastrophes took our loss ratios up.
Mark Hughes: Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Drove our payments down.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. If I could just spring off of that last question. I guess I'm surprised that the travel time between catastrophe losses and the impact on contingencies as quick as it is. Does that mean that there won't be a continued impact from let’s say California wildfires or Michael in 2019?
Douglas Howell: Well, remember, Meyer, that with new GAAP accounting we must estimate our contingent commissions and -- rather than booking them when we receive them like we have done in the past. So, it shows up faster because we have to estimate those today. And so that's the reason why that happens. And I’ve warned about that volatility since we started talking about new GAAP a year and a half ago that you're going to see a little bit earlier recognition of those things that you would have in the past. And that also is admittedly a little harder to estimate. But we take our best shot at it. With the information that we have at hand and it cost us a couple million bucks this quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fair enough. I feel like I'm missing something here, but there's a footnote with regard to the commentary for brokerage segment amortization and excluding Stackhouse Poland?
Douglas Howell: Yes. Number, the 74 million exclude Stackhouse Poland. And then, in my comments would say that we need to take it up a little bit. I don't know we're going to close out for sure whether we'll be here in this quarter or next quarter. So we just said that we would footnote it. It's not in there. But you'll have to increase the amortization in the second, third and fourth quarters. Take it up a couple of million dollars and you'll get close.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's perfect. And then final question, with regard to risk management are the economics on carrier business any different from when clients are just retaining a layer of risk?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, not really.
Meyer Shields: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Alison Jacobowitz with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your questions.
Alison Jacobowitz: Hi. Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more picture about the acquisition environment. Maybe give some color on maybe that if you're -- the nature of the deals you're looking for has changed, if the nature -- I'm curious if you're seeing a change in the landscape of agents or targets approaching you to sell? And also the competition that you're seeing for the companies you're looking at. Has there been any change there, private equity versus other avenues?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I would say the changes over the last four or five years there are significantly more competitors for deals specialty deals of size. And that's the private equity world that is very aggressive right now. So what I'm really proud of is that the people that have chosen us have chosen us to win that battle and that's really what it comes down to. Every one of these, you’re fighting to win, just like it was just an account. And you’re going to fight that battle on a bunch of themes, and one of those themes is culture. And if in fact what you want to do is sell to someone that says, I’m not going to change anything about you. I’m not going to change your name, I’m going to change your marketing, I’m not going to change your systems. I just want you to send me the check every quarter, and make sure you make as much of a margin as you can. That’s not going to be something that’s going to fit Gallagher. And so that’s what we’re doing every day, is trying to figure out who is going to fit. And then the second thing that I think we’re pretty good at, that is really important, is the entrepreneur going to stay? Because they are the connection to their people and the people that the people that are excited about joining us because they are going to get capabilities and they are at a place that is stable and is not for sale are the ones that fit. So yep there's plenty of product out there. This is an incredible business. There's the baby boomers are looking at monetizing their life’s work. And they were not just out buying baby boomers. And there are literally thousands of these agents and brokers that aren’t even over 20 million in revenue. Thousands of them. And so, we offer I think a very, very stable home. I’m proud to be able to say to these people as they come through my office, any account, any size, located anywhere in the world, we can do it. Now isn’t that cool, if you’re a little broker from let’s say Cincinnati.
Alison Jacobowitz: Thanks.
Douglas Howell: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with their question.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, just one quick follow up. Doug, I think you said that you were thinking of margin expansion brokerage in 2019 roughly in similar vein as the margin expansion we saw on 2018. Why wouldn’t a rebound in -- contingent commissions actually drive margins, margin expansion a little higher?
Douglas Howell: Well, first of all let’s take a rebound for the full year. If we pick up an extra $3 million of contingent commissions next year versus this year, it’s going to move at 8 basis points, something like that. So it’s not a big number on a $3 billion to $4 billion number. It had little impact in this quarter, but we still posted 46 basis points of margin expansion. So yes, rebound would certainly help in that. But, if I said, if we post 5% organic growth next year we should be showing that margin expansion similar to what we have this year.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thanks.
Douglas Howell: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. And I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you Devon. Thank you again for being with us this afternoon. In closing, I’m extremely pleased with our 2018 performance. And I want to personally thank all of our 30,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I believe, our long term strategy will continue to serve this company, our colleagues, our clients, and our shareholders well. 2019 should be another great year for Gallagher. We look forward to speaking with you again at our March 12th IR day in Rolling Meadows. Have a good evening and thank you for being with us today.
Operator: This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 17:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Analysts: Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call are described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and the other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Devin. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Before I get into our results, I want to acknowledge the devastation caused by hurricanes Florence and Michael. Our professionals now have the important task of helping our clients sort through their claims, get losses paid, and ultimately put their lives back together. And many of our own employees must do the same for themselves. I'm really honored to be part of the insurance industry, an industry which plays the lead role in repairing property, but more importantly restoring lives. Okay. Onto comments regarding our third quarter. Doug and I are going to touch on four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Number one is organic growth, number two is growing through mergers and acquisitions, number three is improving our productivity and quality and fourth maintaining our unique culture. We had an excellent quarter and, once again, the team delivered on all four of our strategic priorities. Before I dive deeper into organic pricing and mergers and acquisitions, let me give some financial highlights for the quarter. For our core brokerage and risk management segments combined, 11% growth in revenues, 5.9% all in organic growth. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 67 basis points, excluding the roll-in impact of acquisitions and we completed 10 mergers in the quarter, nine in brokerage, one in risk management, totaling about $75 million of annualized revenues, a really, really fantastic quarter by the team. Let me start with our brokerage segment. Third quarter organic growth was 6.3% all-in with broad-based strength across all of our divisions globally. We did see some stronger than estimated contingents in the quarter, but even excluding those, organic was a really strong 5.9%. Let me break that down around the world. Our domestic retail PC operations had an outstanding quarter with organic of little less than 7% and, even after excluding the stronger than estimated contingents, we were up nearly 6%. Our retail PC operations in the UK and Canada each delivered organic of about 4.5%. Australia and New Zealand are really terrific quarter, up 7%. Our domestic wholesale operations posted close to 6%. And finally, our benefits business also had a strong showing this quarter, generating more than 5% organic growth. Overall, rate and exposure continue to be a modest tailwind, and these two items combined increased our organic by a little over a point in the quarter. Let me give you some more insight into the lines where we saw some movement in the quarter based on our internal data. In our U.S. retail PC business, rate and exposures flat or positive across most major lines. For example, commercial auto is up about 4%, property is up 3%, and workers' compensation is down a little less than a point. Moving to our domestic wholesale operations, a very similar story to the retail side. Property lines up 5%, casualty lines up 2%, and workers' comp down a little more than 1%. Canada is up 2.5% overall with property up 3%, and professional lines and casualty up about a point. UK retail is positive across most lines as well. Property, marine and commercial auto are off a bit over 2%, and casualty up a little less than 2%. Pricing in Australia, New Zealand remains the strongest, properties up 7% and is stronger than casualty and specialty lines, which were up 5%. So, overall, up a couple of points, down a couple of points, you've heard me say this many times before. It's essentially a stable market – one that is good for brokers, it's good for carriers and most importantly it's good for our clients. Next let me talk about brokerage merger and acquisition growth. We completed nine brokerage acquisitions this quarter, representing about $62 million of annualized revenue, an average size of about $7 million. Through the first nine months, our merger growth has been exceptional. We've completed 27 mergers, representing about $234 million of annualized revenue. That's more acquired revenue in the first nine months than we did in any of the previous three years. Looking forward, our pipeline of potential tuck-in merger partners is very, very full. Our internal M&A report shows over $500 million of revenues associated with about 70 term sheets either agreed upon or being prepared. We'll get our fair share of these mergers and I feel good about our proven ability to track tuck-in merger partners at fair prices who are excited about our capabilities, believe in our unique culture and realize that we can be more successful together. I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Next, I would like to move to our risk management segment, which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Third quarter organic growth was 4%, in line with the estimate we provided at our Investor Day in September. While organic growth can vary by quarter, we expect 2018 organic to be in the 6% to 7% range for the year. In the U.S., claim counts continue to inch higher. Workers' comp and liability claim counts are up about 2% year-to-date versus less than 1% last year. This is a result of increasing claim activity as our clients' payrolls and exposures grow. Moving to mergers and acquisitions, Gallagher Bassett completed one merger in the quarter, a U.S.-based risk management consultant focused on environmental and construction risks. This particular franchise will deepen our expertise and enhance our core loss prevention and mitigation capabilities ultimately furthering our mission of providing clients with superior claim outcomes, another great example of the type of partner we are trying to attract to the Gallagher Bassett family. And finally, I'd like to touch on what really makes Gallagher unique, and that's our culture. Even as we get bigger and more global, our unique Gallagher culture is as strong as ever. For example, we were recently recognized by Forbes Magazine as the World's Best Employer. This recognition is especially gratifying because it means we are treating people the right way and helping them to succeed. It's also noteworthy that we were the only insurance broker in the world to receive this distinction. And that is on top of being named as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for seven straight years. I'd also like to thank our employees. They came together last year and set a goal of 90,000 hours of community service in celebration of our 90th anniversary. The team volunteered more than 110,000 hours to their local communities over the past year, far surpassing our 90,000 hour goal. This is another great example of our people and their unbelievable drive to do what's right. Our people underpin our culture – a culture that we believe is a true competitive advantage. Okay, an excellent quarter in all measures. We're well on our way to another tremendous year. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon, everyone. As Pat said, another really excellent quarter. Today I'll make a few comments referencing the earnings release. I'll then move to the CFO commentary document we posted on our website and then I'll wrap up with some comments on cash and M&A. Okay. Let's turn to page four of our earnings release to the brokerage segment organic table and take a look at the footnote at the bottom. This is what Pat mentioned. We had some stronger than estimated contingents this quarter that had a net positive impact on our all-in organic growth of about 40 basis points. Excluding these contingents, our organic would have been more like 5.9% than the 6.3% shown in the table right above that. Either way, being nicely in the upper 5% range for organic is really, really terrific. I'm making a special point about this today because it does highlight a significant difference between old GAAP and new GAAP. Under old GAAP, we just book contingents when we receive the cash. Under new GAAP, we must now estimate these revenues. So, naturally, actual results will vary from our estimates. I harped about this during our Special Investor Call in April when we walked through the adoption of new GAAP and here it is. When I look to the fourth quarter, it is still early, but it is feeling more like 5% organic growth versus the 6% we posted this quarter. Recall that we had a really strong fourth quarter last year, so that creates a tough compare. Next, turn to page 6 of our earnings release to the brokerage EBITDAC table. In our July earnings call and during our September 13 IR Day, we foreshadowed that third quarter margins would be compressed because of the seasonality of our roll-in acquisitions. So we've added a table that levelizes for this roll-in acquisition seasonality. It's the middle table on page 6. It shows that we would have posted 81 basis points of margin expansion without the roll-ins. This is excellent operating leverage. We're always striving to improve our quality, increase our productivity and reduce our costs. Our service layer professionals continue to optimize our approach to small business, improve and standardize our workflows, shift work to our lower cost operating centers and reduce our real estate footprint. These productivity improvements were instrumental in allowing us to contract our workforce in September and early October, which we announced we're doing at our September IR Day. Our efforts will allow us to reinvest into additional production talent, more data initiatives and to build our brand, all done to help us sell more insurance, provide more consulting and deliver more risk management services. Moving now to pages 6 and 7 of the earnings release, that's the risk management organic table on page 6 and the adjusted margin table on page 7. You'll see that we posted 4% organic growth and 18% adjusted margins this quarter. This is also excellent performance by the team, coming off a strong compare from the third quarter of 2017 when we posted 7% organic and 18% margins and we discussed that it would be a tough compare in our September IR Day, but the team delivered. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we're seeing risk management segment organic growth of 5% to 7% and margins more towards 17% than 18%. If that happens, our risk management segment will come in with full year organic of 6% to 7% and margins of about 17.5%, right in line with our targets we discussed during our January 2018 earnings call. Let's shift now to the CFO commentary document that can be found on our IR website, page 2 of that document. Most of the items were right in line with what we published at our September Investor Day. The two items worthy of some highlight: severance expense, about $0.01 more in the third quarter than we forecasted, but we're forecasting about $0.01 lower in the fourth quarter. So, in total, it is looking like we will be in line with what we forecasted at our September IR Day. Next, take a look at the amortization expense line. This one might be causing some modeling noise. It looks like Street estimates were a bit lower on expense than we provided at our September IR Day, call it about $0.01; likely arises because we have done considerably more M&A this year than last. So, in modeling future quarters, it's worth an extra few minutes to consider Note 2 at the bottom of the page. That note says that our amortization will increase about 1% for every dollar we spend in purchase price per quarter. So if you model that on your estimate for acquisitions that should get you close. Let's turn to page 3 to the corporate segment; three items to highlight there. First to the clean energy line, you'll see that we had a really strong quarter, even better than we thought at our September IR Day. With Hurricane Florence, came a lot of heat and humidity, causing our plants to run full tilt during the last half of the month. To illustrate, the average daily temperature in the areas serviced by our South Carolina plants was about 7 degrees warmer than average over the final 14 days of September. This is a classic illustration of how weather plays a big part in our estimate. It's always good for me to caution that our estimates are never set in stone. Looking forward, several of our utility partners will publish their fall maintenance routine soon and we expect that they will be pushing maintenance out of September into October and November. So you'll see that we've lowered our fourth quarter estimates just a bit. That said, it doesn't change full year at all and it looks like it'll be another great year provided, of course, the weather cooperates. And then, move to the corporate line. We came in $0.01 better than our September estimates. There's one reason for that: the tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation. With the run-up in our share price during September, there were more options exercised than we expected. And the final line in the corporate segment is the impact of U.S. tax reform. We came in a little better than we guided in the third quarter mostly because of true-ups related to the transition tax and non-deductible compensation items as we finalized our 2017 tax returns. But, as we've been saying all year, this line is mostly just a book expense. It doesn't really cause us to pay more cash taxes because we have an abundance of tax credits. In the end, tax reform has been a really terrific outcome for Gallagher. The rate is down, it's offset a tad by eliminating some deductions, but the billion-dollar win was that it preserved our historical AMT and clean energy tax credits, which totaled about $850 million at September 30. And it also preserved our ability to generate future tax credits through 2021. At current production levels, that may total another $700 million of tax credits. That will reduce our cash taxes paid well into the mid to late 2020s. Okay, some final comments on cash and M&A. At September 30, we have about $250 million of free cash. We expect to generate about $200 million of free cash in the fourth quarter and we have borrowing capacity of about $500 million. That gives us about $1 billion to do M&A without using stock. Thus far this year, our weighted average multiple is 8.2 times, showing that we can execute our tuck-in merger strategy at fair pricing, which gives us a nice arbitrage to our trading multiple. And if you consider that many of these mergers are in the U.S., if you factor in the benefit of our tax credits, it would effectively drop our multiple well below 8 times. Okay. Those are my comments – an excellent quarter, an outstanding first nine months and we're in terrific position to continue our success in the fourth quarter and into 2019. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Doug. Devin, we want to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good evening. My first question, so just a couple things on organic growth. So 5.6% year-to-date and I know in September you kind of pointed to 2019 looking better than 2018, obviously another stronger-than-expected quarter in the third quarter. So does 2019 still seem like it'll be kind of in that over 5.5% organic growth range?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, Elyse, we were about 4.5% to 5% when we met last. And I think about 5.5% is really terrific. So I'd say I think 2019 looks probably more similar than higher.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: But similar to the 5.5%?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yes.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, a little bit more color on the quarter, pretty strong broad-based growth in the U.S. and internationally. How was the new business growth in the quarter? Would you attribute more of the growth to new business versus retention or just greater purchases by some of your existing clients? Just trying to get an understanding of what really continues to drive the strong organic growth within the company.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, first of all, I think you know this, I'm extremely proud of the fact that we are an aggressive new business company and we did have a good quarter. But I think this quarter an awful lot of it was also just down to (00:19:10). We're doing a better and better job of keeping our clients and that's critical to organic growth. You can't fill a bucket with a hole in it. So proud of the team, retention was up nicely and new businesses were strong.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, in terms of the margins, you guys did have that table in the press release kind of showing the drag, about 60 basis points for M&A in the quarter. I know in the past you guys have said that that is kind of equal to your margins on a full year basis. So when are these deals seasonally stronger? Like, will they help your margins in the fourth quarter or is it more taking into Q1 and Q2 of next year that you might see greater margin improvement driven off some of these deals?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Elyse, it's probably split between the three quarters: the first; the second and the fourth if you really look at the way they perform. They'll have higher margins in the fourth quarter than they did in the third clearly and that should be above the margins they would have posted in the first and the quarter.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just one last question. In risk management, your book is about two-thirds in comp and I know you guys kind of highlighted a pickup in claims trends there. Claims trends continue to pick up, what you're hearing across the industry. Do you think that that could lead potentially to stronger organic growth within that segment when we start thinking about 2019?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I hope so, but as our clients' businesses become more robust and they add new ships and things like that, the more hours worked – and we work hard to mitigate this, the more claims occur. And so, yes, I think a trend from 1% of growth to 2% is good. Do I predict it will go higher than that? I do not. But our clients' businesses are showing strengths.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Good evening.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First just on P&C insurance prices, you commented how you continue to see those increase. I was curious on your thoughts on how you expect that to persist going forward. We've heard a couple insurers this quarter say that the pace of increase has either slowed slightly or stabilized and I wanted to get your outlook going forward.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, Sarah, I think you've heard me say this for the last eight, nine years. I grew up in an era where markets were hard and soft. A hard market was seeing increases of 25% to 50% to 75% and probably not able to fill out the line of insurance. Soft markets were down 15% to 17% to 20% and would go on like that for years and years and years. What we're in right now and have been for almost a decade is what I would refer to as a flat market. So I wouldn't be all that concerned as an analyst as to whether or not we're seeing a break from 2% to 1.5%. If the market's down 2% to up 2%, I look at that as flat. And so I just think – you look at this and the reason we give the color we did around the world is, with maybe the exception of Australia, New Zealand, I would just simply call the market flat. Now, within that, you have certain lines that will exhibit the strengthening they need. For instance, transportation right now is difficult to place and the prices are moving up. On the other hand, workers' compensation is softer and clients deserve a break there. So I think you've got a really rational market. It's been rational for 8 to 9 to 10 years. If that's the new norm, that's as good as it gets for clients because clients don't need hard markets and no one benefits from softening markets that are just having the premium erode out from under them at huge chunks. And so I think it's been a pretty interesting decade and I think you'll see it continue to be flat.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just on the brokerage margin, if you can continue to generate the strong organic growth of 5% to 6% or so, how much higher do you think brokerage margins can expand over time, and is there a ceiling on the margin there?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, listen, trees don't grow to the moon, but it think that when you get into the short term bursts of 5% or so, you can drop some of that to the bottom line. The bigger question is what can you do with the excess proceeds to help you fuel future organic growth. The efforts that we have to put more boots on the ground is to sell insurance, the efforts we have to harness our data and our digital efforts to sell more insurance, the ability to expand our brand that allows us to hire more, to acquire more and to sell more, those are opportunities that you can invest in at this point. There is underlying wage inflation that's happening, but we believe that we can control that. So, as we get extra organic growth, it's really more about the opportunities to invest in the business that should lead to further organic growth. I think that right now clients in a stable mode that we have, they see our capabilities, they see our resources, they understand they get more from Gallagher, and our ability to show them that to compare their pricing to what they could get elsewhere, et cetera, that's a really important thing and ultimately that will lead to better organic growth. Just like the efforts that we invested in improving our middle office layer, I believe that's directly attributable to the increase in retention. We just don't make mistakes for clients anymore. They have a higher quality service because of the efforts that we launched 12 years ago to improve our middle office operations. So, can margins go up? Sure. The more important thing is what you're going to do with the excess that you get from it and that's reinvesting in the business, so it turns into more organic.
Sarah E. DeWitt - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for the answer.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Sarah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Hey, thanks. I'll try a follow-up to Sarah's question on the investments. So, organic has clearly been excellent year-to-date. The margins ex the roll-in acquisitions have improved, I think, under 50 basis points. And so, just curious if we're thinking into 2019, it sounds like we should expect a similar level of investments to last year, should organic stay at excellent levels, is that what you're saying, Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, I think there's opportunities for additional investment, but I don't see us spending more than last year, if that's your question. And to clarify in the front end, in the table that we provide on page 6, actually, we've expanded margin 53 basis points excluding the impact of roll-in acquisitions for the year. So our level of investment is controlled. It's not like we're going to plow in and just dump it – chase a lot of efforts and dump a lot of money into it. But I think there is a lot of good things that are going on and I think the level of investment that we have today, it'll notch up a little bit, specifically in data, but we're talking about $5 million to $10 million type of investment there, not $50 million, $60 million, $70 million.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Okay, got it. And another follow-up on the margins. So, thank you for showing the margins ex the roll-in acquisitions. But I just wanted to clarify, are those acquisitions lower margin and, over time, they'll kind of – their margin will increase more than the company-wide ex them or are those kind of permanently in the run rate (00:27:12)?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I think it's almost pari passu with our margins by the time you get a full year in and by the time we get a little bit of our synergies and efficiencies there. So this happens to be in a quarter where they're just seasonally smaller and that will probably keep going in the seasonality. But when you stack them up at the end of the year, they'll be pretty close to our margins.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Okay, got it. And my final question is on the M&A pipeline. We've seen some sizable kind of top 50 business insurance deals this year and it seems like the bigger you get, the more expensive – the higher the multiple. Just curious do you feel that there is some kind of big fish in the pipeline or I don't know if you agree with what I said about the bigger, the more expensive, just kind of curious around the M&A dynamics in the pipeline.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. This is Pat. I think that it's clear that as you get to what private equity firms might consider a platform acquisition or you get someone that's publicly traded or you get someone that's in the top 100, those multiples are higher. Doug went through the multiple that we're spending, but you also have to realize that the average revenue for what we've done so far this year is $7 million. Those people we can really get to touch and feel their culture. We're looking for folks that want to stay in the business that love the business and love our capabilities and that will come aboard and grow faster than they can grow on their own. And our pipeline has never and, I mean, in my career, never been this full.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you, guys. Nice quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good afternoon. Obviously, congrats on the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Paul.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I wanted to ask about the contingent commissions in a little bit more of a broad way. I would have assumed that contingent commissions would slow down as profitability of the industry decreases and, obviously, we had some pretty heavy cat losses last year. What is offsetting that profit-related contingency piece? Is it just growth? Or is there something else that I'm missing here?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Okay. A couple questions. We actually did have about $2 million to $3 million of lesser contingent commissions as a result of the catastrophes. In particular, Hawaii really hurt us on one of our programs. I think we lost $1.5 million on that one. So, what's happening right now to still cause the growth in contingent commissions, I think that the reality is, is as we continue to grow as our acquisition pipeline comes on, there is actually we can improve the business of those acquisitions. And as they roll into our contracts with the carriers, you can pick up some additional contingent commissions that way.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: So, essentially your contingent commission deal is better than the companies that you're acquiring. So you're getting a little bit better cut of the total piece as you acquire these companies in contingent.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: That's correct.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think that the carriers – I mean, some of the things that we do with loss control, our knowledge on risk management, I think the carriers are a little more comfortable with paying us more than what you'd have in maybe a standalone independent.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. That was my question. Appreciate it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Paul.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good evening.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Good evening.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, my first question, Doug, you mentioned about the restructuring programs, 350-person plus, that's 30 positions. I just want you to give a little bit explanation for that is ongoing process or (00:31:33) sort of one-off and any potential savings were coming from these restructuring?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, okay. Good question. I think if you go back in our history, there's probably been four times where we've kind of taken an opportunity to tighten our belts. Usually, it's when we get an opportunity – when a lot of our improvements are happening in the middle office layer, we get the opportunity to increase the span of control for the management ranks. That's usually when we have the opportunity to tighten our belts a little bit. You'll see in there that we think that this effort can save us $25 million to $30 million and we'll reinvest that into data, some additional production talent and a lot of our branding that we've been doing. So how much of that will hit the bottom line? Maybe a third of it, something like that.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. When you mention tightening the belt, normally it will associate with the sort of top line growth probably slowing down, you need to sort of like tighten up the expense, but now you are running pretty well. So, why now?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: It just was the time when some of our technology initiatives and some of our work shifting to our lower cost labor locations came online. Frankly, it had very little to do with the timing of the strength of our organic and sometimes the best thing to do is to get better when you're stronger.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. And then on your clean coal for 2019 – 2019-2021, the two tax credit will expire. Could you lay out sort of like the process that impact on your GAAP earnings? I know probably not impact much of your cash earnings, but on GAAP earnings basis, how much will you lose at which year and do you have any offsetting factors up to 2019 and the 2021?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right. So there's about four questions in there. First and foremost, if you want to understand how much of our GAAP earnings are contributed by the clean energy efforts, you can go to the page 8 of the earnings release and you can see the table in there on how much our clean energy contributes on a GAAP basis. You are right to say that there is a significant difference between a GAAP basis and a cash basis. Interestingly after 2021, if these all go away at that time, we'll actually have a substantial increase in our cash earnings at that time, although the GAAP earnings will go to zero for that. So you're right on point on that one, Kai, that we will actually increase the cash that flows from these once we stop producing new credits. So how much is going to go away at the end of 2019 when some of our plants cycle off, we're working on ways in order to try to extend some of those locations by redeploying some of our lower volume 2021 plants back into the 2019 site. So I really can't give you that answer now. We do know that 2019 looks as good if not better than 2018. But I need another year to work on it in order to give you what the impact is in 2020 and 2021.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's good. Last one, if I may. And Pat, when you did the big acquisition of the international back in 2014, you're seeing this build a big enough platform you can do bolt-on acquisitions. But now sort of four years later, how do you think the bolt-on acquisition international has been?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Seminal moment, Kai. Probably one of the best things we ever did. It was a big reach for us in terms of moving ourselves into really an international player and it's probably the best thing that we've ever done.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: The number of acquisitions that are on our sheet right now for international location, strong in Australia, strong in Canada, strong in the UK. New Zealand frankly I think that we might have 25% of the market already down in New Zealand, but surprisingly there is a lot of little brokers still that we have the ability to partner up with there too. So, in those geographies, the opportunity to continue to do acquisitions the same way we've been doing it in the U.S. is very high.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: And the proof is in the pudding here, Kai. When we bought Australia in particular, we knew that that business in the form that it was before we bought it was going backwards over 5% a quarter. They're now nicely in positive territory.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Good afternoon.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: You had mentioned how you pick up extra contingents when the acquisitions roll-in to your program. Generally speaking, how well do those acquisitions do, more broadly in organic growth if you look out a year or two, is it usually a pretty meaningful uptick? And if so, now that you've accelerated the pace of M&A, will that be a tailwind on your overall organic?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, it could. I think that if you look at it in the first year, our organic right when some of the merger partners comes on, the first few months it takes them a little while to get themselves organized in that, but we do have some nice organic that happens in the first year that we own them, but we never reported in our organic numbers because we keep them out of organic numbers for a full year. Then what happens in years two and three, there is some pretty good momentum from then. Does it move the needle on our total company organic? Not that much just because of the sheer size differential from what's coming on versus the mass that's here already. But those that join us that are excited about our capabilities really do well over the three or four years after we open them. And that's evident by us paying in on earn-outs. They're hitting their earn-outs because they are growing better than we expected.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I've got a question just maybe to narrow gauge, but you talked about workers' comp being down 1%. Some of these loss cost numbers state by state are down high single and even low double-digits. I'm always surprised to hear people say pricing is down 1%. It seems like it's probably down more than that if you look at what clients are actually paying. How do you square that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, we've got good data on our own book of business and I think probably expenses are up, but we know what the rates are doing by geography, by line around the world.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: The other thing (00:38:24) understand when we quote rate, we're actually quoting rate in exposure so, as payrolls rise, the exposure are offsetting the decreases in the rates too.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. So, net-net down 1%.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to start off, Pat. I noted with interest this announcement earlier this month about your being named to the Hall of Fame by the Katie School and I am just curious if you're going to use that as an excuse to write off into the sunset or do you plan to keep on going from here?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Greg, you know me well enough that you could answer that question for me. Do I sound like someone who's headed to the beach?
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I just saw all this press about it. It was worthwhile just checking in to make sure I wasn't missing something.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, thank you for mentioning it. It was a great honor and we raised a lot of money for Katie School, which is a very important educational institution for our industry.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. Well, on a, I guess, slightly more serious note. And a couple people have referenced this before and you have as well. There has been a couple of large transactions by your competitors – one in the U.S. and one internationally. And if I think back in your company's history when your peers have made large transactions, it's usually been an opportunity for you to pick up dislocated brokers and sometimes customers and you've been pretty good at it. And I'm curious if you're hearing any noise in the market, and granted it's early in both cases and the two deals that I'm talking about and you know of, but I'm curious if you're thinking about anything in those terms?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Here's the thing, Greg, whenever – and you've followed us for years. Now, whenever there's change in the marketplace, when there's dislocation of any kind, up or down, people combining, what have you, it always creates opportunities and we're an opportunistic company. Now what we don't believe in doing is violating non-competes, advocating against gardening leaves or any of that stuff. You're also not going to see us pick up 250 people, shift and lift them and ignore their contractual obligations. But we provide I think a very unique place to work. I think we've got an unbelievable team and our team, you've seen this because you know the company well, goes from folks like myself that have been around for 45 years down to what we call externs who are now starting to be accretive three years into their career. And so, yes, those acquisitions will clearly give us opportunities and we'll continue to be very opportunistic.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. The final question just around M&A, because the multiples you're paying are considerably lower than what we're hearing about these larger deals (00:41:46) at. Curious if your multiples are an adjusted multiple based on your assessment or after you right-size the organization or if that's just as is type of multiple that you're paying on? And I think, Doug, you've answered this question before, but maybe you can just remind me.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yes, as is adjusted for excess owners' comp. So, in some cases, you'll have an owner that pays himself $1 or herself $1, and then some will say they'll pay themselves a 100% of whatever the EBITDA profits are of the company, right? And so what we do is adjust that down to what the fair compensation level would be for somebody that's running a branch or a unit of that size and we have so many around the company, it's a $3 million branch, they're going to make x, if it's a $6 million maybe they make 1.5x or whatever, and then we pay a multiple on that. We usually target 5% growth in order for them to get a little bit of an earn-out and then if they can grow 10% or 15%, they can max their earn-out on that. And so it's a proven method. And I'll tell you what we do is we quote on the page here what we pay initially. Every year, we take all the deals and we stack them up against our earn-outs to see what the multiple is at the end of it. And it's actually no greater than what we paid on the front end. So we're not paying – the earn-outs don't elevate the multiple.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Pat or Doug, I was hoping you can talk about whether pricing trends in workers' compensation, in particular, have any meaningful impact on risk management organic growth?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, typically, when you have a harder market on workers' comp then people will look more to the self-insurance arena. So, if anything, a softer workers' comp market right now would say that fewer people are looking at self-insurance or high deductible insurance. On the other hand, there is a lot of educated buyers out there right now that see that Gallagher Bassett can deliver a much better claim outcome. So I think they're getting just as many shots even in what I consider kind of a lower or a modestly lower market.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: And I think it's fair to say, Doug is right. 1% up, 1% down, go back to my earlier comments. It's a flat market. That's not driving Gallagher Bassett organic growth.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: We're out selling in the marketplace every day that if you move your work to Gallagher Bassett, we'll deliver better outcomes on your claim costs. And that's what's moving the organic needle there.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: And it's been pretty impressive thus far this year.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Yeah. No, I'm really trying to figure out if there was a headwind sort of baked in there that you've been overcoming. Second thing...
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I would say, yes, a little.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. The second question is just employee benefits. I was wondering whether you could break down the overall growth conceptually into employee counts or pricing or client retention.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Not really. Our employee benefit consulting division now is so diverse, it goes from communications to where we have some really very large unique companies that I won't mention names, to health and welfare, which is of course our cornerstone and traditional product offering across voluntary and now across geographies internationally. So our retention there is very good. It mirrors what we do across the rest of the organization. And frankly we just have so much to offer our clients now. When you think about property/casualty, there is no pain in property/casualty. We're not going out and solving a lot of pain point problems, but you get the benefits and you get clients trying to hold onto employees in this full employment environment and, at the same time, balance their employee benefit costs, which are huge and painful and going up, that's what's driving that growth.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. No, that's very helpful. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Just quick follow-up on the tax rate. Doug, in your CFO commentary, looks like the range you narrowed that, the low end going up 1 point. Is that good rate going forward to 2019?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, actually, good catch (00:46:35) I mentioned in my opening comments. Actually the tightening from a 24% to a 26% to a 25% to a 26% rate is basically because we're nine months through the year right now. So I think our insights into what our full year rate in our blend of our domestic versus international is going to be, that's the reason why we tightened it. What will we look at next year, probably go back for the full year, in January we'll probably get 24% to 26% again. The important thing to remember on that, however, is that that's the book tax rate, that's not the cash tax rate. We said this in the last call, maybe I shouldn't repeat it again here. Because of our tax credits we really don't see ourselves paying more than 5% cash taxes paid, 5% of our EBITDA in 2018 or 2019. So the cash taxes paid are well below that 24% or 25% number you're looking there on the sheet.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. Thank you so much and good luck.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Kai.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Kai.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right, Devin, I've got just one quick remark as a wrap up here. I want to thank everybody for being on the call here this afternoon. I think you could tell from Doug's and my comments, we're extremely pleased with our 2018 performance so far. I believe we have a very strong finish to the year coming up and we look forward to speaking with you again at our IR Day in December. So thank you, everybody, for being with us today.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 17:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call are described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earning release and the other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Today, I'm going to start with some general comments on the quarter, then Doug and I are going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. I'll address two of the four: organic growth including the results of our mid-year rate survey, trends in the employee benefits market and claim counts within Gallagher Bassett. And then I'll talk about our true differentiator, our culture. After my comments, Doug will address the other two, which are growing through mergers and acquisitions, and improving our productivity and quality. Frankly the team crushed at this quarter, delivering on all measures. For the quarter, our combined brokerage and risk management segments generated organic revenue growth of 6.6%, adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 89 basis points and adjusted EBITDAC increased 14%. In addition, we completed 12 mergers in the quarter, which should add about $145 million of annualized revenue. I would like to extend a very warm welcome to all of our new merger partners, and we really had a strong clean energy performance as well. These are outstanding results from the team and the outcome of hard work, dedication and execution from our nearly 30,000 Gallagher professionals all around the world. Let me dive a bit deeper behind the organic growth numbers and provide some data points on the rate environment based on our mid-year rate survey and internal data. First in our brokerage segment, 5.9% all in organic reflecting strong growth across all of our divisions globally. Within this, we believe improving rates and exposures contributed about 60 basis points of that number. Our internal mid-year rate survey indicated a continued trend of increasing property, casualty pricing and exposure growth around the globe. Let me start with the United States, our retail property, casualty brokerage business generated about 5.5% organic in the second quarter, and pricing is positive across almost all lines of business. For example, both property and commercial auto pricing are up about 5%. Casualty and specialty lines are flat to up 1-point or 2 points. Workers' compensation is the only major line down and even that is only weaker by 1-point. Staying in the United States, our wholesale organic was around 6% with average pricing a point higher than in the retail business. Property lines in total are up 7% with catastrophe-exposed property up about 10%. Most casualty lines, including specialty lines, are up between 2% to 4%. In the UK, I was there in June and I'm really pleased with how our businesses come together and I'm excited about the team's performance. Our UK retail organic was over 4% in the quarter and pricing is up about 1.5%. Commercial property pricing is flat. Casualty lines, including specialty classes, are up 2% to 3%. Our UK wholesale organic was 7% and rates are flat. Pricing in most classes appears to a bottom and we're cautiously optimistic for rates to firm in the future. In Australia and New Zealand, organic was about 7% and rate is up mid-single digits. Property rates were up 8% to 9%; casualty and specialty lines were up 4% to 6% on average. So, when I sum it up around the world, PC rates in a growing economy are providing a tailwind to organic growth which means we should be able to post better organic in 2018 than we did in 2017. Okay. Moving on to our employee benefits operations. Our benefits business had a fantastic quarter generating all-in organic revenue growth of around 7%, similar both in the U.S. and internationally. Employment growth across the U.S., the UK, Australia and Canada, our major benefits footprints, continues to trend higher. Average employment growth in these countries over the past 12 months is close to 2%, an increase over the previous three-year average of 1.5%. This past quarter, I also attended our annual IBIS Academy Conference in Berlin. The conference has been running straight for 48 years, making it the longest running international HR conference in the world. The three-day conference had hundreds of attendees with numerous breakout sessions focused on the top issues facing global HR and benefits professionals today. This is just one example of how we leverage the best minds in the industry to deliver value-added insights to our clients and prospects. Our thought leadership, tools, high-quality service combined with a modest tailwind from employment growth positions our benefits business very well for the future. Next, I'd like to move to our risk management segment, which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Second quarter organic growth was a stellar 10.1%. It was helped by $2 million of additional Australian performance bonus fees and a $2.5 million ramp up fee also in Australia. Excluding these two items, organic was up about 8%, still an excellent performance. In the U.S., organic growth was 7% in the quarter. Our insurance carrier business continues to grow nicely and we are beginning to see a modest pickup in claim counts. Both workers' comp and liability claim counts in the U.S. have been creeping higher this year. And total claim counts are up about 1.5% year-to-date versus the flattish environment last year. Internationally, we had a great quarter and even after excluding the additional client ramp up fees, organic growth was 14%. I also visited our UK and Australian operations this quarter and I continue to be impressed with our international Gallagher Bassett team. The organic growth in the first half of the year has been fantastic. Everywhere around the globe clients are realizing more and more that Gallagher Bassett can deliver superior claim outcomes in our new business and organic growth are a reflection of that. I'll close my comments today talking about our true differentiator, our culture. We believe our culture is unique and that it delivers better results. Our mission statement is four simple philosophies: be passionate and professional in our craft, all the while placing our customers first; be the best employer and take care of our associates; be excellent trading partners with the underwriting community striving for win-win delivery of our advice and service; and deliver excellent and consistent return to shareholders. Every day all our teammates get up and work diligently to maintain our culture, to promote our culture and to live our culture. Okay. An outstanding quarter on all measures, a tremendous first half on all measures. I'll stop now and turn it over Doug. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Pat, and good afternoon everyone. As Pat said, what a truly terrific second quarter. And combined with our excellent first quarter, we're in really great shape here, halfway through the year. Today, I'll first make some comments referencing the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website and I'll move back into the earnings release. Okay. Some takeaways from page 2 of the CFO commentary document, to the foreign exchange line. It's consistent with what we published at our June 13 Investor Day and it's still looking like we'll get a small tailwind from FX this year based on current exchange rates. On the integration line, we didn't have any during the first half of this year, but looking forward, we forecast that we all have about $0.01 a quarter as we integrate Pronto and Coverdale. Turning to page 3 to the corporate segment, to the interest and banking line. Our second quarter results were right in line with the midpoint of the estimates we provided in our June Investor Day. As we look forward, our estimates are now just a little lesser in the third and the fourth quarter. On the clean energy line, you'll see that we had a strong quarter coming $0.015 above the midpoint of our June 13 estimates. And looking forward, we have revised upward our estimates for the third and the fourth quarter. However, as I always must caution, predicting the weather plays a big part in our estimates. So, these estimates are never really locked in stone. On the M&A line, we're up a little this quarter due to the recent acquisitions of Pronto and Coverdale, but no change in our estimates for the third and the fourth quarter at this time. On the corporate line, we came in $0.01 below our June 13 estimates. One reason, we concluded that we might be on soft ground related to new interpretations of a 2016 VAT tax matter in the UK. So, we booked a $1.7 million reserve this quarter. We don't have that issue in 2017 nor in 2018 or even going forward. So, consider this a one-timer. Looking forward, not much change in our third and fourth quarter estimates from what we provided in June. And the final line in the corporate segment is the impact of U.S. tax reform. Recall from our first quarter call, this line is where we're tracking the impact from digesting the new tax legislation, both on our initial December 31, 2017 balance sheet estimates as well as the ongoing impacts such as non-deductible compensation and entertainment expenses and as well as a portion of our foreign earnings. We guided that we would have some, but we were not in a position to give estimates during our first quarter call or our June IR Day. We've had more time to review. We're a long ways along in preparing our tax returns. So, we're now providing an estimate for the third and the fourth quarter. But as we said then and we say now, these items are effectively just book expense items and they will not cause us to pay more cash taxes because we have an abundance of tax credits. In the end, we believe tax reform has been a really terrific outcome for Gallagher. While it does eliminate some small deductions and it does cause a portion of foreign earnings to be taxed, those amounts are peanuts when compared to the rate reduction and the fact that it preserved both our AMT and our clean energy tax credits, which total over $750 million at June 30, and it also preserved our ability to generate future tax credits through our clean energy investments. And at current production levels, that may total another $700 million through 2021. These credits are extremely valuable and they should reduce our cash taxes paid for the next decade. They could also help us reduce the friction cost as we repatriate more cash from around the world. All that said, I do appreciate that modeling our tax credits can be difficult. Perhaps the best way is to arrive at when you're computing free cash, when you're building your models is to assume that we're going to pay global taxes of only about 3% to 4% of our core brokerage and risk management EBITDAC for the next three years, and then bump that up from 6% to 9% in the next five to seven years. And I think that'll get you close. Of course, lesser taxes paid allows us to fund our M&A strategy. Through today, in 2018, we have closed 26 mergers, 24 in brokerage and 2 in risk management for total annualized revenues of about $240 million. That's already more revenue than we purchased in all of 2017. And what's more important, we've completed these at fair pricing that gives us a nice arbitrage to our trading multiple. And we've done it with nearly all free cash and debt. Looking forward, we have a full pipeline of attractive tuck-in merger opportunities. Right now, we have about 60 term sheets either signed or being prepared for about $300 million of annualized revenues. Clearly, we don't expect all of these acquisitions to close; however, we believe we'll get our fair share. At June 30, we had about $350 million of available cash on our balance sheet. So that, plus our expected free cash flow in the second half of the year, should fund our M&A strategy as we sit today for the remainder of 2018. Let's move to some comments on productivity and quality. If you turn now to the bottom of page 5 of the earnings release to the brokerage segment adjusted margin table, we're up 80 basis points in the second quarter on 5.9% organic. That's really nice work by the team to optimize our real estate footprint, to harmonize our agency management systems and to automate and ship work to our lower cost operating centers. Looking forward, the third quarter is historically the quarter we show very little margin expansion. This arises because we give our raises mid-year. In addition, this year, two of our recent mergers have seasonally lower EBITDAC margins in the third quarter. So that will make margin expansion just a bit harder too. But like we say, and when you look at a year, we still believe that it's difficult to expand margins below 3% organic but much more likely if organic is over 4%. Next let's turn to page 7 of the earnings release, to the risk management adjusted margin table at the top of the page; up 139 basis points to 17.7%. However that is influenced by the two revenue items Pat mentioned earlier, so when you level set these revenue items and the associated expenses and incentive compensation, our risk management segment would have delivered margin a bit over 17%, which is still nicely up over 70 basis points compared to prior year. Looking forward, we're still targeting margins over 17% for the rest of the year at our risk management segment. So those are my comments. An outstanding quarter, an outstanding first half, I think we're in terrific position to continue our success in the second half of 2018 and beyond. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Doug. Operator, I think we're ready to take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good afternoon.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Good afternoon, Kai.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Congrats on the great quarter. So, my first question on organic growth. And in the first half you achieved 6%. So, you almost don't have to go to work in the second half to achieve the full year 4.4% achieved last year. I assume you won't do that. So, my question is really, why second half organic growth would not be better than the first half?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right, Kai. I think we're in a pretty good spot here through two quarters. And I'm very proud of the team. We really are riding a lot more new business, which means we're taking share primarily from the littler players. We know that 90% of the time when we compete in the marketplace, we're not competing with our bigger competitors, we're competing with the local competitor. And I think our guys and gals in the field are just doing a good job of explaining the value proposition we bring. And I don't think I'd want to get myself out on a limb and say second half is going to be much better than the half that looks as good as this one.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. Sales can be almost tricky sometimes too, Kai. So, we're pretty happy with where we are thus far year-to-date and we hope we're bringing in better for the second half too.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Is there a tougher comp in the second half compared with the 2017?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I don't know if there's any tougher comparisons necessarily. Our first half of the year is our stronger half now under the new revenue recognition where so much more is recognized in the first quarter. So, second two quarters will be lesser in total, but I don't recall anything of substance in there that would cause a difficult compare.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. My second question on the margin front. In the press release, you mentioned about head count controls. I just wonder, could you elaborate a little more on that. You also mentioned earlier to say second half because the wage raise in mid-year so the expansion in the second half might not be as strong as the first half. So, just want to see is that still going to be true going forward.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think it's a terrific question. First of all, our production staff, most of them are on a formula. So that doesn't really influence. So, when you look at our non-production, non-formula folks, there's about 17,000 of them around the world and giving annual raises to those folks is something we try to do and for the performers. So, yes, you'll see that coming into that, and generally those happened in the third quarter, we give that away. When it comes to head count controls, we're up 290 people on 16,000 in the first half of the year and that's on existing businesses. Our head count has grown with our acquisitions. But the team is doing a really great job of controlling our head count. Part of that is building out a service center here in the U.S., we're up to about 150 people there. So, when you just look at the true discipline of not hiring and the team's doing a terrific job with that and that is contributing to our margin expansion.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Last one if I may on the acquisition. Looks like the multiple you're paying a little bit higher in the second quarter than the first quarter. Is there more competition for the deals? And also, will these deals given the magnitude of them, will that create a margin drag on your overall book or are they actually going to be accretive to your margins?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, good question. At the bottom of page 2 in the CFO commentary, at this quarter, we were at 8.9 times. We say that had we not done one little bit larger acquisition, we would have been in the quarter at 7.5 times and 7 times year-to-date. So, there's one acquisition was slightly larger. Now that was a multiple of EBITDA. The important thing is that the U.S. acquisition and we have the ability to use our tax credits against that company's earnings. So, on a tax adjusted basis, it's even lower than the numbers that we're showing here. So, we're pretty happy to have that one on board. And it did drive up a little bit in this quarter. Going forward, there's price competition out there, but the folks that are really valuing our capabilities, our resources, they know they can be better together with us. They're still taking fair multiples on it and I think there's a fair arbitrage for what we bring to the deal and what they bring to the deal.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: We also give them a fair chance for an earn-out. And the other thing is, I would say, I'd reiterate kind of what Doug said. There's a lot of competition for deals. If people want to put a book together and just see how many bids they can get, they'll get a lot. So, it's really important that we pick our partners carefully with the understanding that we expect to be living together for a long time, and if it's not exciting to be part of the organization with our capabilities, what we're doing around the world, when we can sit with some of these smaller competitors and tell them join us and you can write any account of any size, anywhere in the world. Well, if it's all just about the next bite on the apple and I'm going to go to private equity and flip it, you're not going to fit here anyway. So, I think we're finding really, really solid partners.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Just follow-up, will these deals create a margin drag on your portfolio as well (00:21:36)?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I did say in my prepared comments that in the third quarter, there's two of them that have margins that are slightly below 20% that can have a little bit of an impact on our third quarter margins. But by and large that probably would impact margin expansion in the third quarter, but not necessarily annual margin expansion. Also, just as we've become more profitable, a lot of the smaller brokers have become more profitable too. So, by and large, we're not buying organizations at a margin dilutive to us on an annual basis.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much. And good luck with second half.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Kai.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good evening. My first question on, you guys mentioned that improving rates and exposure growth was benefiting organic by about 60 basis points in the quarter. Would you expect that to continue or pick up from that level as you think about the balance of 2018 and even into 2019 at this point?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, Elyse. This is Pat. I think we'll see a similar situation as we finish the year. You've heard me say this many, many times. When we're getting a 60-basis-point lift from exposure and rate, I mean, it's better than a 60-basis-point decrease, but, I mean, let's be honest, it's a flat market in my opinion. And when we see it up 1 point, down 1 point, sideways 2, up 1.5, I mean, if you go back in history and look at what hard and soft markets were really like. Go pull our numbers from 2001, 2002 after 09/11, I mean, rates were jumping 21%. So, this flattish market up slightly with a little tailwind is nirvana for us, because now we're not going out against the smaller player that all of a sudden out of nowhere comes up with some quote, we can't believe and we can't compete with. The markets essentially flat to up to, let's say, across all lines, that's when our capability is really shine, that's when our team has a just a decided advantage 90% of the time quoting against somebody smaller.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So then a follow up, so you saw about a 90-basis-point acceleration in organic growth sequentially. So, what's been the greater contributor in the second quarter versus the first quarter? Is it just mix in terms of what was winning, is it getting greater price, more new business or are you writing more, are your clients purchasing more coverage, I'm just trying to kind of understand what's been the driver of the pretty strong organic growth if we're kind of in this about flat market?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: The answer to your question is yes.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. All of those. We've had a little less loss business, a little bit more new business, each ship is rising around the world. I have to say, again, a lot of credit to the field done, the Gallagher Playbook that we have and organic growth is paying dividends around the world. So, kind of all ships are rising right now. And really rate is one thing, but exposure, if the economy continues to heat up, exposure unit growth actually contributes more to organic than rate does, because on rate, they can take up some of the deductibles or bring down the limits a little bit. And so, I think that the economy continues to get better 60 basis points now, I wouldn't expect it to go to a full point, but it might be 80 basis points.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then in terms of your margin commentary, going back for the past three or four quarters or so, you guys started talking about 3% organic, below that you might not expand margins and over 4% you would see even better margin expansion. I know there's been a lot of talk about that, but do you see that as any kind of shift in your business or it's kind of re-emphasizing, I guess, how you always saw your business running in terms of the organic's ability to generate margin expansion.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I'd say, it's similar commentary. I think that in a perfect world maybe under 3.5%, a little harder to expand margin and over 3.5% you'll get margin expansion. But we've already talked about that 3% level. And over 4% we do have great opportunities. Now remember also, we're making a lot of investments into the business under the (00:26:12) too. You have to understand that 450 young folks in our internship program this summer, we've got nice IT efforts underway both to distribute better but also to service better. So, there's a lot of investment going on inside of Gallagher, but we still are having the ability to expand margins, especially when you're over 5%.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then one just last numbers question. Doug, I think you mentioned about the ability of your clean energy plans to generate about another 700 million of credits between now and 2021. Did I catch that correctly? Is that what you were kind of implying?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, that's right. That's what I said. I think that over the next – for the rest of 2018, for 2019, 2020 and 2021 you could see a number of over 700 million of credits.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you very much.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks. Thanks, Elyse.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Hey, good evening, guys. First question on, I guess, on the cat exposed business, it sounded like it was renewing with pretty good rate. Can you see just give us a reminder on, I guess, the seasonality of that like where that's kind of a bigger part of the brokerage mix, is it kind of the biggest contributor to second or is it equally big in the third quarter?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Second and third are the biggest two quarters on property renewal. So, we did get some lift for it, but as a percentage of our book coastal-exposed property, I don't have numbers right off the top of my head, but our $1 billion of revenue this quarter maybe there's $60 million that's coastal exposed property.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: It looked like that 3Q for the costal exposed property too.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Say that again?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: That's still only about $38 million in the third quarter, so it's down quite there.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Okay. Got you. And then, I guess one question I had was, obviously organic is accelerating, we're seeing margin expansion. Does that, I guess, internally relative to how you were budgeting expenses earlier in the year and all that? This seems a better organic, maybe change your view that hey like maybe there's some places we could invest we weren't thinking about it. Is there a thought process there where you're adjusting your – where you're thinking about investing because you're seeing better organic?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, it may be in a way, but I think a better way to say is, if we saw organic struggling at 1% or 2%, maybe we'd be stopping investing in what we're doing. But it's not just because we've got more organic that we're more willing to fund internal projects. Folks, they still have to sing for their supper on that. And so, it's probably the opposite side of your question is how much could we pull back in investing, if we ever got into a 1% or 2% organic growth environment. There's $20 million to $30 million or $40 million investment happening all around the world that that's what you would (29:32) but we've been doing that all along. We think it's important to invest in the business.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. Ryan, we got – it's nice to have a nice quarter, don't get me wrong. It's nice to have a great first half, and I think we've probably strung together six or seven years of pretty good results. But you don't do that without investing in your business and you got to look at the long-term. We don't ratchet in investments quarter-by-quarter, okay, keep going now we're into the third quarter, no. So, we've got to make our plans and follow through.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Understood. That's helpful. And I guess just for Doug. I guess, I just wanted to maybe give you guys an opportunity to comment on what you think the free cash flow generation potential is here at Gallagher. And I guess, how you think we should think about having free cash flow grow relative to operating earnings over the next few years.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right. I think that probably the best thing to do is to project EBITDA, reduce our interest expense, take 3% to 5% of our EBITDA in taxes and then about 10% invested in – maybe not even that; 8% in CapEx and you'll get pretty close.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right. Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Doug, I think on the cash flow you also meant to include the dividend expense. But I had two cleanup questions for you. First of all, on tax credits, maybe this is poor note taking but from your management meeting earlier this year, I had $550 million by 2021. So, maybe that excluded 2018 or the number hasn't changed, I guess, is what I want to confirm.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: It might have been bad note taking on whoever's notes you were copying.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: No, I wasn't copying. It's a bad note taking on my part, so.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right. I just didn't want -
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: No.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Also, (31:36) I think that Ryan's question on the – when we talk about free cash flow, yes, we do pay a dividend, but that comes back to our shareholders. So, free cash flow for acquisition, yes, you would deduct the dividend then but...
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Well, in the past when you've provided free cash flow guidance, you have included the dividend as a takeaway. It's nitpicking. The other cleanup question, then I have a question. The cleanup question around M&A. And I know you're not going to opine on your competitors, but it does seem like Brown & Brown and your company has had a little more success in 2018 through the first half in closing transactions than the year ago comparison. And I'm curious if the private equity component or the other buyers in the marketplace are having less success or if you can have any opinion around that.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think we are having more success because I think that people are understanding that life after the sale can be better with a strategic than a PE. I think there is an awareness that's developing on there that what sounds good when you're signing the document might not necessarily sound so well.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Who's got their phone on?
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's not – it's not me.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Sorry. I don't know where that must have come through the operator has done, but...
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Well, Doug, just a follow-up...
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Hold on, guys. Just standby. We're just...
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: That's all right. I think we've got two phones in this room and one of them is ringing. So, standby. (33:22) get it shut off. All right. There we go, we hope. Sorry about that.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's okay. So, we were talking about the M&A environment. And you were saying you're having a little more success compared to the PEs. I'm wondering, I know within the tax law, there was an effect on detectability of interest. Do you think that's come into play a little bit?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I don't think so, yet. I think there's a lot of good merger partners. Each of them have an appetite, they may fit better with Brown, they may fit better with Gallagher and they may fit better with PE. So, I would say that it might be just there's more opportunities that are out there. And also I think that we're doing a really good job of showing how life after the signing of the documents can be really terrific at Gallagher when you see our capabilities. So, I think that's probably the reason why.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Doug's right on, Greg. This is Pat. I was on a panel not too long ago with one of the main consulting firms in the space. And if you want to cross that stage, there were five very different philosophies. Acrisure has probably done twice as many acquisitions this year as we have. And they just have a completely different philosophy than we do. So that I think the real test or the real trick is making sure like in any sales environment, you get to enough people and you find a fit and you build some excitement. And also, remember, our closings can be lumpy. We'll have a string like we've had this year which is great, which we already have purchased more revenue this year than we did in the full year last year. And those are people we didn't start talking to a month ago. So, I wouldn't want to make it sound like we're doing better than the competition.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the clarity on those two cleanup questions. So, I'm sitting here watching on the screen and today it was off a little bit, but the remarkable success of this newly minted "insurance broker Goosehead." And I know at your management meeting you spoke about a growing business that you acquired, Pronto. And I was wondering if you could provide us an update on what's going on there at Pronto and what your outlook is for that business. And that was my principal question.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right. By the way, thanks for bringing up Pronto. For those that may not know is our business in Texas, Florida and California that serves the non-standard auto market, primarily Spanish language customers and we have an operating model that's very similar than we have at storefronts as a consumer product. We provide service very quickly. We provide at a fairly priced and it is growing very well. Now, we've only had it for a few months now, or for really about 40 days, I think it is, as my memories here, but we think it's a terrific opportunity. Actually I think that Goosehead trading shows the value there is in brokers and in distribution. So, we'd sure like to see a multiple like that on our EBITDA.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So, just as a cleanup on the Goosehead or the Pronto situation, I think you said at your management meeting, it was about a $100 million of annualized revenue. And as it's growing from the date you bought, you're not accounting for that as organic growth, it's acquired growth until the transaction anniversaries, correct?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Actually and I believe that our organic growth is consistently understated, because when we buy somebody, if they go out and sell something in that first year that doesn't ever count in our organic. We've talked about that a lot at our Investor Days.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you for the answers.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Greg.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hello, Pat. Your investment income was good in this quarter. Was anything usual there or is that sustainable?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I think make sure that you back out the book gains on that, Mark. I'd have to look at what you're looking at, but that's where we put. If we sell off a little book of business, I think on an adjusted basis, get that I think is pretty dead flat quarter-over-quarter for last year.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks for that. Did the cash that you paid for acquisitions in the quarter, did you say that?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Say again?
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: You have the amount of cash that you paid for the acquisitions in the quarter?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I don't have that, sorry, in front of me.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then, you talked about the insurance carrier business growing nicely within risk management. Any observations there? Is there a bigger theme of carriers outsourcing claims or are you just taking share?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No, I think there's a bigger theme. I think people are realizing that a couple things, we can help carriers enter a market, where they don't have to build a bunch of infrastructure to be able to underwrite. We can help carriers enter a new line same point not having to back it up with infrastructure and boots on the ground. And then also, we believe that we're getting more and more proof of the concept that if you'll outsource to Gallagher Bassett, your claim outcomes will be better. And so that's one of our fastest growing areas and that's on a global basis. So, I think it's an exciting play for us.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And finally, you talked about the claims count is growing a little faster than last year. Any observations about inflation, do you think there's some inflation building up in the system?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I don't. I think what you've got is, just as people go back to three shifts, you get more claims.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Very good. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Glasspiegel from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good afternoon, everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Hi, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, Pat. On the acquisition front, you're seeing a pickup from last year's pace, Brown & Brown did as well from a smaller pace. Is it possible that the levelizing on the tax rate versus PE is starting to make a difference or am I stretching on that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: You're stretching.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, I think you're stretching a little bit at this point.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: What do you think, you're just hitting on some or it's just random noise?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, it's lumpy, Bob. We've seen this for 100 years. We had a real good run in the first half. Every quarter, I tell you, our pipeline is outstanding. I mean, the pipeline is truly outstanding. And I've mentioned the fact that most of these that we're buying are run by baby boomers. You and I aren't getting any younger. And so, capitalizing your life's work and bringing your next generation into a place where they can have a career path, I mean, there's a lot of people thinking this way. I talked to a merger partner today, that was incredibly excited. And the thing he's probably mostly excited about is bringing his son into a firm where he knew he had a great potential career opportunity. He's towards the end of his career and his son was a big driver in the deal. So, I see that, over and over again, doesn't mean that there's anything wrong with the PE approach and they're a very good competition, but it's lumpy.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Pat, you're able to work my age twice into that answer, well played.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The...
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I'm always trying to be the nice guy here, you know.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thanks. So, you're back from London. A lot going on there between Brexit/euro, tariff battles which may or may not be solved. But what's the overall feel for the economy there? I mean, you gave a pretty optimistic outlook for what's going on in the U.S., but what are the Brits saying about the world?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: It's interesting because there's more consternation now than there was a year ago. A year ago, Brexit is going to happen it's going to be okay, we'll make a trade deal with Europe. My English friends when I have a chance to sit around and talk about what this means they have some real concerns, because their fear is that Europe basically wants to say if you want the free trade then follow our rules. Well, if they follow their rules and do the Brexit then they don't have any even any representation at the rulemaking table. So, I think there is concern and where are you going to be located and how are you going to trade in Europe? Now, we don't have a huge European trade nor does Lloyd's have a really huge European trade, but we will be making sure that we're set up properly in Europe, Lloyd's is going to do that. The financial services industry I think has got some real concerns. So, it's a different picture than a year ago for sure.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So, slower growth but no recession is that sort of the expectations in UK?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I'm not an economist. I would say, still London is booming. So, when you're over there like, I'd do many times, don't get out of the city, you leave the UK thinking, My God, this place is on fire. But, I've been told if you get up out of the city and into England and Wales and Scotland that it is a bit slow.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Hey, good afternoon, gentlemen.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Hi, Mike.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: I guess a follow-up on Bob's last question. There was a management change overseas. Anything we should think into that in regards to the transition or I don't know anything that was unexpected or planned because I believe the leader is still kind of working for a subsidiary that you guys have a partial interest in?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: That's exactly right. So, you recall we had a bit of a departure 3.5 years ago. Grahame Chilton, Chily, stepped into the role of CEO for us. He was the Founder along with his other founders of Capsicum Re. So, he handed the baton on Capsicum Re to the associate and stepped in. That was always meant to be temporary. We have announced that Simon Matson as of this fall will take over the leadership, the CEO role. And I'll tell you what, it's been a very, very smooth transition already. And Chily is not going anywhere, he'll be back basically full-time at Capsicum. And I believe we'll see him as a part of the team in various roles for many, many years ahead.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Next organic growth in risk management clearly has been tremendous. It also seems to come somewhat in waves or maybe streaky as Doug mentioned earlier. Can you remind us the equation in terms of the operating leverage in that segment? I don't think it's the same 3.5% to 4% that you guys speak to overall, but I could be wrong. So, it doesn't seem like there's been as much margin improvement there as maybe I would have expected.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. It's not as leverage business on that. And we've said in the past, you really go back and we've probably discussed it in a couple of years. But you got to be above 5% to get margin expansion in that business. And maybe that's closer to 6% now with a little bit of wage inflation. So, it's not quite as heavily geared as – favorably geared as the brokerage segment.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: It's also a segment that has to have an awful lot of tech investment. You're constantly building out your tech offerings, everything wants to go mobile now, everything's got to be on every device. There's always a big spin in that.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So, the CapEx for this segment would be, I don't know, 2x the rest of the segment or is there kind of a high level way to...?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No, I wouldn't say that. I would say a proportion to revenues, it might be running more like, let's say, 3%, 4% versus what we're spending as 2% in the brokerage side, something like that.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Got it. And lastly, I've a high level kind of force in the trees question on M&A. I know the pipeline is strong, you guys have done an excellent job integrating and this year has been stronger. I also recall you've said in the past that you've increased the like maybe number of feet on the ground, or people on that team. But there are kind of a lot of shovels in the sandbox per se. And I'm just curious if we think about longer term beyond the next one, two, three years you guys have doubled in size as well over the past five years. So, is there a point in time where the opportunities aren't going to be able to kind of feed the engine as much?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, I mean, number one, we're getting bigger all the time. And if you take a look at business insurances article from the broker issue from this July, the number 100th largest broker in the United States did $28 million in total revenue in 2017. Now, one of the most prominent consultants in our business says that he believes there are 39,000 agents and brokers in America, that's America that's not globally and that's not people, that's firms. He also believes that for everyone that gets consolidated another one starts, so that there is a never-ending supply. And I think that he's probably accurate, which means that there is 38,900 brokers and agents across America that do less than $28 million. So the supply and the fragmentation of the market is absolutely – it's unquenchable, but for as far forward as you can see, we will not have a lack of supply. Now, we'll have to figure out a way to continue to ramp up the numbers to continue to move the needle because at $5 billion, $4 billion whatever, it's harder to move the needle on $2 million and $3 million and $4 million deals, but they're out there. Our pipeline is phenomenal. And we are continually adding to that pipeline. So, I just don't see any insight.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Plenty of runway. That's right thought. Thanks and nice quarter.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Just couple of questions. First on the M&A front. So, can you give us a sense of what kind of maybe margin headwind M&A creates when it's brought on and may be how long it takes to get the margins through to the company standards, specifically for brokerage?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. Yaron, I said earlier, I don't believe that we're buying businesses at this point that are margin dilutive. They can have quarterly seasonality, but when you look at an annual basis, they run margins that are similar to ours. And one of the reasons why that is, we typically don't buy turnarounds, we don't buy dying books of business, we don't buy retirements, we try to merge with people that earn money for their own family so that when they join our family, they earn money for our family, right. It's just that if they can't make money to pay for their own food, they're not going to do very well at the community dinner table. And so that's important for us. And so, it doesn't move the needle one way or another except for maybe has some quarterly seasonality. If you go back when we did some of the acquisitions in Australia and New Zealand, there was some significant quarterly seasonality in their earnings. And so, you'll find that from time to time, even in smaller brokerage, but not on an annual basis.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Many times, their margins are accretive.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, I guess, maybe going back if I can, to Doug's comment, so does that explain why you're only calling out the third quarter as a potentially margin headwind from the two acquisitions that you mentioned?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think that I've looked at it and I think that there's 20 to 30 basis points margin compression on that from those in the third quarter. And it's not integration. Most of the deals, the mergers that we do, there's very little integration cost to them.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And that seasonality then would still continue into out years as well, right?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, sometimes, it will. The other thing too is if we move customers to different renewal dates as they change their mix of business, it tends to level out with time too.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And the other question I have was just on the cash tax rate, which I think is a little bit lower, the number you offered were a little bit lower than previous estimates you gave. And I was just curious as to what brought that cash rate down?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: State the question again, the cash tax rate on the taxes as if...
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. So, I think you were talking about 3% to 5% for the next couple years, and then maybe 6% to 9% beyond that. And I think in the past you talked about 5% and 8%.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think that here's the reason why: in the earlier years, we get a refund of AMT credits. So credits that we were not going to receive in cash until, let's say, 2027 or 2028 are going to be refunded to us over the next couple years. So that will drive it down earlier. And then, just as our EBITDA grows in the future, we'll have more taxable income and basically the same amount of credit. So the rate will actually creep up a little bit. But between AMT rate and just the growth in our business, that's what will contribute to getting that. And I see that in that, like I said, in that 6% to 9%, 7% to 9% range for at least five, six, seven years afterwards.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Please proceed with your question.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Hi. Thanks. I actually had a couple numbers question, but, first if I can just follow up on the question from Yaron about the acquisitions. I guess, Pat, it was surprising a little bit about saying that you buy things that have similar margins to you. You've talked a number of times over recent years about the capabilities you can bring now as you've gotten bigger, essentially letting you in my words, I don't think these are yours, but run circles around these smaller brokers. And I would have thought that those advantages, which I think make a lot of sense, would mean that you have much higher margins in them. So, can you just help me reconcile that? I guess I got a little confused by that.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think you're thinking about it for the opposite sense is that most of the time when we buy a smaller broker, they may have been underinvesting in their resources and capabilities. So, it's kind of the opposite side of the thought process there. And typically when we come in, our benefit plans might be better, our expectation of using more robust technologies and more secure technologies may put costs into the structure to them a little bit. Second thing is, is that we'll expect them to do interns, maybe have producer hirers if they weren't willing to do. So, it moderates a little bit higher. Underinvested margin will be pulled down with some investment into those businesses.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. But then the growth that you can bring them allows them to leverage back up and recapture that spending and maintain the margin basically.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: That's right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. Got it. Now I'm with you. Okay. So, Doug, I had a couple of numbers ones. Just one, I might be doing something really dumb, but I'm just having hard time. When I look at the brokerage segment adjusted EBITDA, it's greater than the reported EBITDA, right? But when I look at the adjusted EPS on page 1, it is less than the reported EPS for brokerage. What am I missing?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right. Let me see if I can track to your question on page 1. Where are you looking at? I'm sorry, just trying to track to it.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Yeah, so the brokerage shows adjusted earnings of $0.67 versus reported of $0.68.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right? So, it looks like there were negative adjustments. But when you go to the EBITDA page for brokerage, the adjusted EBITDA is a few million higher than the reported, or it just seems like there's something else that's negative that I can't find, so I can't get model to square.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. You have the non-cash items primarily the change in acquisition earn-outs that we adjust out. Those will not impact EBITDA.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it. Okay. So there's adjusted earn-out.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Right, right.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay. Okay. I'll go back and look at that again. And the other one on a sort of a similar note is, can you just explain for me one more time because I think I forgot the explanation from last quarter, and I just couldn't quite get it this quarter. Trying to juggle a bunch of releases here is – the tax reform impact through corporate, what exactly is causing that and why is it going through corporate and not allocated?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right. So, this is, first of all, the biggest one that's coming through there is the theoretical repatriation of earnings that causes a guilty tax or an elimination of a foreign tax credit. So, (56:14) all those. So that would be, in theory if we repatriate money, any of the tax related impacts of treasury management or moving moneys around the world we capture in the corporate or corporate segment. And what we do is we fully tax the brokerage and risk management segment at the statutory rates in those countries that produce the income. And also, we don't allocate the credits up into the brokerage and risk management space even though that's really the income that's benefiting. So, if we went out and bought annuity bonds and we weren't paying tax on that, you'd have a lower tax rate in the brokerage and risk management segment. So we kind of penalize ourselves there. These items $4 million a quarter, something like that, they're peanuts and will offset our tax credits on it. And so, it's just they giveth on the rate and they taketh away a little bit on some of the deductions.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: And as you said, now you said it will continue in the second half, is it just the 2018 thing or is this a permanent thing we should put in our models?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No, I think you should put $4 million a quarter in for this going forward, and that's a book expense, it won't change our cash taxes paid, but that might be a good estimate about going forward.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Right. Got it. Perfect. Thank you for the help.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: The first two quarters were a little heavier because of some tweaking we did to our initial December 31 balance sheet estimates because of the tax reform, but going forward, if you assume $4 million a quarter you won't be too far off.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: Makes sense. Thank you so much.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: The true sum is more like $3 million in the second half of this year.
Ian J. Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP: All right. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Ian.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. I guess, Pat, you talked about workers' compensation rate decreases and an acceleration of growth in claims filings. I'm trying to think of that asset. Is that a problem for the workers' compensation carriers, it's not Gallagher's, (00:58:14) question?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, I mean, our claim counts are up. But no I don't think it's a problem for the carriers because with the robust economy, they're getting more exposure units as well. So, as they're collecting more premium, their claim accounts are going to rise as well, but that doesn't necessarily lead to any greater extent of severity. And the results of the workers' comp line have been solid. And so, that always draws in more competition.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Yeah. Absolutely true. Okay. Second and this is more of an (00:58:45) question. Or sorry. When we look forward to wage inflation or operating expense inflation, is that picking up? Should we model slightly higher growth rates for those going forward?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: There is wage inflation out there that's happening, especially in some of the highly skilled service layers and professional layers. In our case, because we have over the last 13 years made such a significant commitment to our offshore centers of excellence. We can control that by continuing to shift to our associates in those centers of excellence. So, we do have a little bit of a safety valve on that. But it is something that we look at, replacement hires can be a little higher than those that exit. And also just the annual raise or if we give raise on 12 months or 14 months or 15 months, that is slightly higher this year than it has been in previous years.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Full employment does have an impact.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I mean, there's no question that we've talked forever about the war for talent and we're talking about that around this table a lot.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. We didn't have that if you're doing 5.5% organic growth you probably have higher margin expansion than the 80 basis points.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John (sic) [Josh] (01:00:18) Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good evening, everybody. Thanks for fitting me in.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Hey, Josh.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just want to follow on a couple questions that cap it off a lot, let's talk about acquisitions and fragmentation and you compete with people who are smaller than you and whatnot. One of your competitors announced a very large transaction earlier this morning, they confirmed it. And I think they bought the 33rd or 32nd biggest insurance company and brokerage in the United States. And you talk about always the companies that are smaller than you because they just can't compete. Why do you need to buy the companies that can't compete? Can't you just take the business over time and buy back your shares and take the business? What are the barriers to taking that business? Look, you guys did 7% organic growth this quarter, and then taking business just fine. How should I think about those two things?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Because the brokerage business is a very relationship-driven business. And these guys and gals that we buy have terrific – the reasons they exist is because they can convince those owners of businesses that they can do the job for them. And this business is fragmented because that works. So, when we buy someone, remember we're getting two things, yes, we are getting revenue stream or getting an earnings stream. But as Doug likes to say all the time in front of our team, we're getting great resources. We're getting people that have thought folks like us and have been able to win. And so, these firms that come up for sale and don't make any bones about it, we're out there telling them they should be thinking about selling to us all the time. We're creating some of the demand, but they come up once and they're gone. So, you take the likes of a Wortham, the brand recognition, the strength of that franchise, my hat's off to Marsh, it was a great acquisition and we'll do that thing all day.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. The other thing to, Josh, is, if we're buying it at 7.5 times versus just buying our own shares back at 12 times, I'm not saying our shares are overvalued, don't interpret that, but there is an arbitrage here. And the other thing too is when you get a really great broker that comes in, they'll pick up more customers because of our capabilities then next thing they're trading with our other organizations around the globe. If we just buy in a share of Gallagher stock, that share of stock sits on the shelf and it doesn't produce another piece of business ever, it never grows, the gearing just doesn't, we model both ways. Just buying the shares back does not produce greater shareholder value than buying smaller brokers at an arbitrage and then having them grow. And so, you can model that out yourself, it works.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. And then, one thing actually it's probably impossible to quantify about try, if you look at the market of opportunity for you in the United States, what percentage of the market out there is being controlled by a broker who is offering something differentiated to their client versus the market that's just there for the taking, they just haven't met the right broker yet?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: 60% is not offering a distinguished product.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That was easier than I thought.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. We do some work around here every once in a while. So, that's our guess.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much. Congratulations on a great quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you. John. Any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Great. Then, let me make just a few brief wrap up comments here. As we said at the beginning, we had a terrific second quarter and a great first half to 2018. This is a direct result of the hard work and dedication from all of our employees across the globe. 2018 should be another great year for Gallagher as we execute on our strategy to create sustainable shareholder value. We will grow organically. We will grow through mergers and acquisitions. We will work to improve our productivity and quality, and we will promote our unique culture fulfilling our mission statement guided by the 25 tenants of the Gallagher Way. Thank all of you for being with us this afternoon, we appreciate it. Have a great evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 17:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Analysts: Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, include answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call or described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earning release and the other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the Heads of our operating divisions. As I do each quarter, I'm going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. These are, number one, organic growth, we are an aggressive sales team; number two, growing through mergers and acquisitions; number three, improving our productivity and quality; and fourth, maintaining our unique culture. We had an excellent start to 2018. During the first quarter, we delivered strong total revenue growth, excellent organic revenue growth, steady growth from our tuck-in merger and acquisition strategy and continued margin expansion. This puts us in a great position for another outstanding year. Let me start with some comments about our Brokerage segment. First quarter organic was 4.9% all in reflecting strong growth across all of our divisions globally. Let me give you some more detail. In the U.S., our Brokerage business generated 4.5% organic in the first quarter, with retail up 4% and wholesale up 7%. U.S. property casualty pricing was a modest positive across many lines during the first quarter. Property and commercial auto are seeing the largest price increases up 3% to 5%, casualty and specialty lines are flat up 2% while workers' comp is flat to down about a point. Insured exposures are trending higher which is consistent with recent data points of U.S. economic activity. So far in April, pricing is similar to the first quarter with some upward movement in property and commercial auto. Internationally, property casualty organic growth was about 6% in the quarter. Australia, New Zealand were up around 6%, Canada was about flat and our UK businesses generated organic of about 8%. Property casualty insurance pricing in Australia, New Zealand is in the mid-single digit range with strength across all classes. Our UK and Canadian operations are seeing a flattish pricing environment while rates in our London specialty operations seem to be nearing a bottom. Our employee benefits business also had a strong quarter, generating organic revenue growth of around 5%. So when I sum it all up around the world, it looks like rate and exposure together are giving our organic growth a slight positive tailwind, call it a bit below 1%. This is a change from a year ago when rate and exposure were flattish or a modest headwind. This bodes well for 2018, which means we should be able to post similar or slightly better organic than we did in 2017. Second, mergers and acquisitions. In the quarter, we completed six brokerage acquisitions, which should add about $27 million of annualized revenue. These new partners see our vast capabilities, they embody our culture and they see themselves being more successful together with Gallagher. I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. Looking forward, our merger and acquisition pipeline is full of many attractive tuck-in opportunities, totaling about $400 million of revenue, associated with almost 60 term sheets either agreed upon or being prepared. Now, we don't expect all of these acquisitions to close. However, we believe, we will get our fair share. Third, productivity and quality. Adjusted EBITDAC margin was up 49 basis points in the quarter, a really nice result on organic of about 5%. The Brokerage team is working hard to find efficiencies across the organization and further leverage our scale. We discussed a number of opportunities at our March Investor Day, including optimizing our approach to small business, harmonizing our management systems and further improving through standardization and automation. All these will help us become better, faster and deliver higher-quality service to our clients. So for the first quarter of our Brokerage segment, we delivered 8% total adjusted revenue growth of which 4.9% is organic, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 9%, and adjusted EBITDAC margin of 34.8%, up 49 basis points over the prior year. Another really, really solid performance by the Brokerage team. Next, I would like to move to our Risk Management segment, which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. First quarter organic growth was 7.7%, domestic organic was 5%, while international posted over 20% fueled by an excellent new business quarter. The Gallagher Bassett team recently returned from the annual RIMS conference where we hosted more than 100 prospect and client meetings over the course of three days. The team showcased advancements in LUMINOS, our leading risk management information system and launched several new products at RIMS. For example, we rolled out GB Care, our best-in-class workers compensation medical management platform and GB Litigation Defense, our comprehensive defense counsel performance score card just to name a couple. Overall, RIMS was a very successful event and further demonstrated our analytical outcome focused approach to claims management. So with organic over 7% in the quarter, an exciting array of new product offerings, some nice specialty mergers in the pipeline and a sense of excitement and momentum after RIMS, we see our Risk Management segment posting mid-single digit organic and margins in the mid 17% range. And finally, I'll touch on our true differentiator. Number four, our culture. Just a few weeks ago, Gallagher was recognized by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the seventh year in a row. We are the sole insurance broker recognized and we are honored to be one of only 135 companies globally to receive the award. Seven years in a row of receiving this prestigious award is a testament to our professionals who dedicate themselves to delivering the highest level of expert advice and quality service, all grounded in the Gallagher way, a list of 25 key tenets and values that articulate our unique culture, a culture that is grounded in teamwork, ethics and outstanding client service across our 27,000 sales and service professionals around the world. Okay, a really strong quarter, a terrific start to the year. I'll stop now and turn it to Doug. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Pat and good afternoon everyone. As Pat said, what a terrific start to 2018. So today I'll spend most of my time reviewing the CFO commentary document that we post on our website. Also, as an overarching reminder, all the numbers in our earnings release, our investor supplement and the CFO commentary documents have been restated to reflect the implementation of the new accounting standards for revenue recognition. We hope the materials we provided in connection with our April 11 special investor call were helpful as you updated your models. Today before I plunge in, in the room today as we have been for the last 15 years and each and every one of these quarterly calls is Jack Lazzaro. Today marks Jack's 40th anniversary with Gallagher. Jack is our global treasurer and CFO of our clean energy efforts. Jack has held about every finance role at Gallagher over the last four decades. He was instrumental in our IPO, he let our implementation of Sarbanes-Oxley and he was one of our handful of folks that helped launch our clean energy efforts. A sincere thanks Jack for all of your hard work and dedication. Okay, let's move to page two of the CFO commentary, some takeaways from page two. First, it's still looking like we'll get a small tailwind from FX this year based on current exchange rate. Second, you'll see that we did have some additional lease termination cost as we optimize our footprints around the world. We might have some later in the year also, but we don't have an estimate at this time. And third for the first time in a number of years, we have absolutely no integration costs. This is really nice work by the team to get those efforts squarely behind us. Let's get to page 3 to the Corporate segment. We are now providing our quarterly estimates for the remainder of 2018. That's the far right pink columns. Recall that we only provided full-year estimates during our March 14th Investor Day as we had not yet released our restated new GAAP numbers. Those March 14th numbers are shown in the grey columns. Here are the takeaways on page three. First, compare the March 14th full estimates on the grey box to the full year pink box at the bottom of the page. You'll see that our full year estimates have not changed dramatically for three of the five lines. There's no real change on the clean energy, M&A or corporate lines. As for the interest expense line, you'll read in footnote 2 that we plan to close the debt offering in late June. Accordingly, we have updated our estimate for interest expense for the third and the fourth quarter. And finally, you'll see a line called impact of U.S. tax reform. As we digest the new tax legislation, technical corrections interpretations and lawmakers consider amendments. We could be refining our December 31st, 2017 estimates as well as more fully understanding future effects. Accordingly, we will have some tweaks over the course of 2018, as we did here in the first quarter. The important takeaway is that these items regardless of their book expense or a book benefit, they most likely will not impact cash taxes we pay. This is because we have our clean energy and AMT tax credit carry-forward, about $730 million at March 31st in fact. So we will not be paying much of any U.S. federal income tax for many years to come. So this quarter, it's a small book expense, but not really a use of cash. While we're talking about cash at the end of March, we had around $350 million of available cash on our balance sheet. We'll get another net $400 million from our debt offering in June, and also our cash flows for the rest of the year are traditionally stronger than in the first quarter. So we should have plenty of cash for M&A this year. Few other comments as you build your models going forward. First, the Brokerage segment adjusted margins were up 50 basis points in the first quarter and 4.9% organic growth. As I already said in the past probably won't have margin expansion if organic is below 3%. You should see some margin expansion if organic is over 4% and probably flattish margins in between; second, Risk Management adjusted margins. You'll see in the footnotes in the earnings release that we would have posted about 17.2%, but we have a small make-whole settlement on a claim that costs us about $1.5 million. We really hate these things. They don't happen very often, but are nearly $10 billion of claims that we pay annually from time to time, we don't get it exactly perfect. Looking forward, we're still targeting margins in the mid-17% range for the rest of the year. So those are my comments, it's clearly a great start to the year. Looking ahead at it together 5.3% combined organic growth in our Brokerage and Risk Management segment was solid margin expansion, an extremely active merger pipeline with 300 tuck-in opportunities on our deal list, a strong cash position and we have an unstoppable culture. Clearly, you can hear that I'm excited about the rest of 2018 and beyond. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Doug. Omer, let's open it up for questions now and hopefully some answers.
Operator: Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good evening. My first question, so pretty strong organic growth quarter about 5% in Brokerage. Doug, I remember in March you had said that the Q1 might seasonally be a weaker quarter. I'm not sure it maybe that change when you adopted revenue recognition, but it seems like you're meeting your guidance kind of in line with the full year level, which is about 4.4%, so what could change or is it just you know embedding a level of conservatism, and will the Q1 still seasonally be a weaker quarter post rev rec?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Three things on that. As I think that with a such a heavy weighted new GAAP first quarter, we probably won't see that kind of lower seasonality in the first quarter that we had in the past. But it will take us a year or two years probably to figure that out. In terms of our guidance going forward, I think, what the rate tailwinds that we're seeing, exposure growth growing, you know, a little tailwind for that I think, that we'll see a full year 2018, a lot like 2017, but a little bit better. So if we're in the mid 4s, maybe we're in upper 4s, this will be added to interpret that at this point.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of margin, so about 50 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter, nothing that you would call that's one-off there, so meaning if you know organic kind of was in line with the first quarter level, would you expect the same level of margin improvement for the rest of the year or just somehow the shifting of more employee benefits to the Q1 impact the margin improvement in the first quarter compared to other quarters?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Okay, a couple questions there. Yes, maybe may be a little bit fueled by the strong employee benefit first quarter, but you know, maybe 10 basis points, something like that. Looking forward, we typically see most of our margin expansion that happens in the first half of the year. And then in the second half of the year, if we get into mid-year raises or whatever, we don't see quite as much margin expansion in the last half of the year. But I think that for above 4%, there's some opportunities that continue to expand margins there.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last question, so you pointed to the strong cash position and you guys are adding some debt this year. So yeah I mean I know this is a question that's been asked in the past. If deals don't materialize that would use the available cash that you will have, which will include proceeds in the recent offering. I guess when do you think you get to the point where share repurchase I think maybe becomes something that moves higher up on the list or is the pipeline that strong that you could just see it using all of your cash on hand during the remainder of this year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: The pipeline is that strong. In the event that we do have excess cash for the end of the year, we would repurchase stock, but our pipeline is pretty strong right now.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Elyse.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes, SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. On the pipeline question, I think you said $400 million. Am I my right, remembering it was about $300 million last quarter, is there usually a seasonal uptick in that or is that just underlying strength and if so, what's going on?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: It wobbles all over the place, Mark. We're constantly out talking to people. Some take 10 years to close, others you can get done in six, seven months, so it just – it rises and falls with the people that are coming on and off the list. There's no real magic to it.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: It is the...
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Closings tend to be a little slower in the first quarter because there's usually a push to get something done by year-end. So historically we've closed more deals in the last three quarters of the year than in the first.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And is the debt raise, is that a reflection of your increased optimism? Would you have done it regardless if you weren't seeing the strength in the pipeline?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I think it's our confidence in the pipeline.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then, the contingents were – you had a nice lift last quarter and then were down a little bit this quarter. How should we think about those on a go-forward basis?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. I think that listen, we would have – I think if you add supplementals and contingents together, we're at somewhere around about $85 million compared to $83 million last year, up about 2.3%. If we would have had another $1 million, $1.5 million, we would have been about 4%. I wouldn't read too terribly much into that at this point. But, they're growing 2.5%. Maybe next quarter they'll grow a little more or right in that same range. So I wouldn't overthink it too much.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters at Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for the call.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Good afternoon.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: A couple questions. First of all, Doug, back to your opening comments. I don't want to parse words here. You talked about the 50-basis point improvement in margins and the fact that 3% organic and you can't expand margins 3% or less in organic growth. It seemed like the language changed a little bit though because now all of a sudden, you threw out this 4% bogey that you can expect margins to expand beyond 4%, but not really below 4%. So maybe I just misheard it or you can clarify that.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No. I think, you've heard – I don't – I have said it a couple times before, but we're in that range right now where as we look the way our margins are positioned, we have opportunities to reinvest in the business in certain areas that we think will fuel growth. And so at 3% pretty tough to do, at 4%, it kind of just happens in between, one quarter it might be up a little bit, one quarter might be flat. But I – so the words change probably compared to where we were three or four years ago, but in the last couple times we've had a chat about, that's kind of where we feel right now. Obviously, if we had sustained 3.3% organic growth for the next five years, you'll probably see some natural growth in margins, but you also have to look at wage inflation, cost inflation, so that's why I was saying probably in that 3% to 4% range, flattish, up a little bit or flat is probably where we are. Over 4% I think it just naturally happens.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks for the clarification. And then I wanted to go back to just the pipeline. It really seems to be like you're laying out a pretty positive outlook there. And so every time, we turn around and talk to others in the marketplace, we hear about just such intense competition for M&A, and we hear about private equity involvement. And so I'm trying to bridge the gap between intense competition around price for M&A. And then you're growing pipeline, and I'm wondering maybe if it ties in with the interest deductibility in tax reform or what variables there are helping to drive your more positive outlook on M&A for 2018?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Greg. This is Pat. Primarily a couple things. First of all, the capabilities that we've developed are second to none. And so if you're going to look at a private equity roll-up or something like that, the cash numbers are what they are. If that's the direction you want to go in, great. But if you really are excited about expanding your business, if it's something that you love this business, you love to sell, you've been in a town, you've had a small firm and you can't walk into the university and start talking about their insurance. You're not going to get past the first door. We do a ton of those types of accounts. There's not an account on the planet right now anywhere in the world of any size that we can't do and that turns people on. The analogy I use all the time is when you come for a visit, I am going to show you the candy store and there's people who buy into that. And then, secondly these folks, many of them are hypersensitive to culture. They want to land their people in a place that feels like them and you can't do that in a private equity world. So we don't win them all and I'm not sitting here today with this pipeline saying, we're going to close them all, but we're competing on a different story and when that story resonates with people, by the way we're not asking them to give up a boatload of money, we will help them sell and grow and they'll make their earn out. So it's not like we're not competitive. But, the fact is the people who buy into those two things tend to join us.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for that color. And one final question for you. Doug, in your CFO commentary when we get back to the grey or – I forgot grey boxes or pink boxes as it relates to the Corporate segment. And I look at the bottom numbers there for the full year. It looks like you've lowered the range from a loss of $21 to a gain of $1 to a loss of $42.4 to a loss of $19.4. Am I missing something there? Is that all of the interest expense or is there something else there?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. If you look at the five lines, clean energy hasn't moved hardly at all. Corporate hasn't moved at all. M&A hasn't moved at all. It's the additional interest expense that we will get on the new debt and then we have the $6 million impact of tax reform. Those are the two lines out of those five that have shifted.
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks for the color.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Sure.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good afternoon. So my – I just want to follow-up on both revenue growth, organic growth as well as the margin. On the organic front, Pat, you mentioned like this year probably about 1 point of tailwind and last year about 1 point of headwind. So the delta is about 2 points, so why 2018 would be 2 points or are much higher than 2017?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, Kai, first of all, I think you know where I come from on this. When I'm just short of a point up and I'm just short of a right at a point down, to me that's flat. It's helpful, it's not hurtful. And really what it does is it lets us go out in the marketplace and sell these capabilities. When you're in a historically old stock market and prices are dropping 10%, 15%, someone that has no real capabilities can lob a quote under the table that kills you. So this is a perfect market for our organic growth, for our people to be outselling, the things that we do so darn well and not have get whacked on the side of a head by a quote you never saw coming. But one point up, one point down, frankly that – to me, that's flat.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I think that technically a year ago, we were probably flat. We probably didn't have much lift or pressure from that. That's really what our comments were, and then we're up – we're seeing about up 80 basis points right now. So it's really not 2%, it's 1% down the year.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Great. And then, specifically in the UK, you're up 8%. We saw some of your peers actually have some challenging in the UK. I just wonder what were you doing differently there, or that you just compete in the different markets? I think we're probably in different markets in some of those. Our specialty operation in London has done just an outstanding job of growing through a soft market. It's been quite remarkable, actually especially operation, including our brand, Alesco, have just really, really delivered. So it's that they've been very strong. Our retail operations across the UK are sort of flattish, but together they had a great quarter.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Then on the margin front, so just want to trail down a little bit more. And so you said like you wanted to like grow 4% or more in order to have a margin expansion. If you think of wage inflation in typically, say, 2% to 3% range, I just wonder do you see more wage pressure as well how much do you think you will need additional investment to grow the business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right. It's couple of questions there. Wage pressure is there and then we also – we have an outlet for that though with our Offshore Centers of Excellence. We have the ability to move more work into lower cost labor location. So that helps us control the wage inflation that you see in the UK, the U.S., Australia and New Zealand, a little bit in Canada. In terms of other cost pressures, yeah, just consumable they are not a big portion of what we do. We have some debts in chairs and office equipment and communication. There's still efficiencies that we can be gained there. So the real place comes in, the wage inflation and for us our challenges become more productive, use technology more to our benefit and we think that will help control the cost side of the equation. In terms of opportunities to invest in growth, we're seeing that all over in our organization, people are using data more. They're using creative advertising and direct marketing techniques. So there's opportunities for us to use to channel some of that, well I would call services expense and channel it back into organic growth, fueling type exercises. So that's what we're seeing inside the organization.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. Last one if I may on the acquisition, you mentioned there competitions for acquisitions, but if you look at first quarter, the multiple you paid are actually lower than your guidance range. I just wonder, what's behind that. And also I just wonder, if you can comment on, there's recent broker IPO, and it seems like in pretty fast growing personal line area, I just wonder if that's a market that you will be interested?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah, I think, I think we are below seven times on our acquisitions this quarter. I think that those were smaller mergers, and I think the price we paid is fair in light of our operations, but I don't know for whole below 7% going forward, I think it will be up probably average closer to 7.5 or 8 times in the next quarter. In terms of the – the recent personal lines IPO, I read the red herring, I look that the price come out on it, that personal lines, we do a lot of personal lines.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: And we want to do more personal lines.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. And so that's – that, those businesses if they fit with us, we'd would be interested in.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Well thank you so much, and good luck.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Kai.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. I can't remember, whether it was three months or six months ago but on this call, you had said that you set your teammates down and you said look we have to have a conversation with our clients. They should expect rate increases coming through and we're now six months past the hurricanes. To what extent is that materializing as planned? Two, to what extent are those rate increases hurricane related and after we get through the reactionary price increases associated with the hurricanes we re-enter a stable market?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: So I think first of all, yes it is mostly hurricane-related property, non-cat exposed is up, cat exposed where there were losses are up probably 10% to even a little bit more than 10%. And those that are not cat exposed that didn't burn the market, you're still looking at 3% to 5%. And I think that when you think about where the rates were pre-hurricanes, they were as low as they've been in over a decade. So I do think that the rate increases are justified, they are selling in the market now. Some of the quotes that originally came out at more like 20%, 25% increases are that those aren't going to hold. But I don't see a return to a vast soft market anytime quickly. Once the balance sheets have had a chance to heal a little bit and the wind doesn't blow, then you'll see the rates come down again.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And do you expect to see year-over-year rate increases come 4Q?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I do. And I see that also in particular. It's really interesting. When I started, hard and soft markets were across the entire spectrum. This is a bunch of markets inside the – by line. So comp is down a little bit. Well it deserves to go down. And then you have transportation is up somewhat. Well guess what, in particular, distracted driving is crushing the market. So these markets are moving as they should, based on the results by line.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Smart. Thanks for the color.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome, Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Just a couple of quick follow-ups on the pricing environment. There's lots of conversation, and I don't know if it's real or not, about historically the small market being sort of the least competitive and that changing of late. And I was wondering if you're seeing any of that yourself. And then, somewhat similarly also pricing commentary, and I don't know if it's true or not is that month-by-month, it's getting little bit better every month and I don't know if that's true either and whether that's your experience as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No, here's the thing. It varies. As I travel the network globally, it varies. So in Australia, for instance, you're seeing kind of mid-single digit range kind of almost everything's up. You get to the London specialty market and we think we're getting close to bottom, but there's still a tad bit of softness there. Then you travel around the United States, it's tougher in Florida and in Texas than it is in Illinois for sure. But I think it's really – well, when you step back from it, I continue to come back at this with you guys on these calls. Rate is really not impacting our results much. When you spread it across all that we're doing, some is up, some is down, but it's in this range of okay, cat property's up, that's nice, and that's necessary. But it's really a flattish market, and it has been for about eight years. Now, I'd also tell you down 3% up 3% I'd tell you is flat. I'm not going to lose an account, frankly, for 3%, but I'll lose an account for 23% and I think that when I'm at 3% up, 3% down which is now 1% up, 1% down, I can sit there with a client and talk about the fact that we've provided unbelievable service beyond the price of insurance. The things that we do to help their business and help them grow their business on the property casualty side or become a destination employer on the benefit side, that's really meaningful to them. It's not just about the price. So to me it's kind of the perfect environment.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I have one other question that's completely unrelated. On the Risk Management business, is there anything that would affect that market, especially the relationships you're trying to build with the carriers that's related to the M&A that we're seeing in the market and a little bit of a changing landscape amongst the carriers, does that have any impact in your Risk Management business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No. I think in fact it could be helpful. For 100 years, I've been asked why Gallagher Bassett? Why do you stick with the claims business? Marsh got out of the TPA business, Anne really didn't like the business. Why are you hanging in there, especially on the property casualty side TPA. Well, here's the reason. You have billions and billions and billions of dollars of premium and every year about $0.60 on the dollar turns into a claim. So if you're going to be helpful and you're going to really do a job for someone and you neglect the claim side of it, I think you miss an opportunity for our shareholders and you miss an opportunity to be really distinct in the market. The fact that markets are consolidating, the fact that they're getting better and better at their own data, and the fact that we're driving the belief that our outcomes are superior and we're willing to put up our numbers. This is a – if you want to do as of dates off our system, et cetera, et cetera types of claims, parts of body, geography, what country, we can do that. And I believe that the next generation of CEO is not going to feel that their claim department is the be-all and end-all. They're not going to say I can't outsource any of this because they will do a bad job. And I think that when it gets to a point where they're really looking at their returns and their ROE, they're going to have to say maybe there's a better way to do it. And so no, I don't see the – the consolidation is not going to take claim work away. It's just going to put it into one bigger house.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Congrats on the quarter. Appreciate the call.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. I guess just the first question to what extent would you say there are opportunities on the free cash flow side to drive improvement there through working capital management for example?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Good question. We've been working on that a lot. We said we consolidate our bank accounts, we've improved our international cash flow, in particular, free cash in particular because when we did the four or five larger international acquisitions, we went through a consolidation effort and that's really paid off and generated a lot of cash. Where are we in the U.S., that's pretty mature at this point. So I don't see further working capital generation in the U.S. We've got a little ways to go yet internationally on that, but I think the big push on that that we start talking about 2 1/2 years ago was pretty well behind us.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. And the $6 million adjustment you mentioned for tax reform it shows up in Corporate. It didn't look like that got backed out of adjusted this quarter. I just wanted to make sure I understood why.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Yeah. Good question. (00:37:27). But there's some component in there that's an adjustment for our estimates at 12/31. There's a smaller component in there that might be a continued run rate if we don't get some technical corrections done. But I probably – we'd probably could put as an adjustment but we just thought that since it was commingled be it just put it where it is, and call it out.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Right. Perfect, thanks for the answers.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Arash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski, Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Hey, gentlemen. Couple of quick follow-ups on Gallagher Bassett. It's a Paul's question, where growth continues to be very strong. I guess then can you remind me how to think about how you guys think about your market share because I'm assuming you don't think every insurer thinks as, Pat, you think the next generation will think and some of them think that claims handling is a competitive advantage. And I guess it's along separately, can you remind us if there's something structural there regarding margin so that there's less operating leverage in that segment for certain reasons.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: I'll let Doug handle the margin side of it because the answer to that is yes, it's very labor intensive, but I'll talk to you about the – what I see the business opportunities to be. First of all if you take a look at Gallagher Bassett paying $10 billion of claims out in a year, that market share is nil, it's zero and it's unbelievable. You've got about $5 billion according to Insurance Information Institute. There's about $5 trillion of premium in the globe and that's including life, health and everything else. Property casualty, you'd know the number better than I. But when you take 60% of that number, let's just call it a trillion, we are we are so far from having any market share which is a beautiful thing. So, you're right. Not every CEO is going to start thinking the best thing in the world to do is outsource. But it's a fast growing part of Gallagher Bassett's business. It's become very, very meaningful. We've organized around it as a separate segment for Gallagher Bassett, and I think there is huge opportunity there. When I have some of my partner market meetings at places like the Broadmoor RIMS and talk to some of our markets and I'll say to them what you don't realize is that Gallagher Bassett pays more claims than you do. And some of these are household names and they'll go, no. I'll go, yeah, no, we actually do. And we have more money to invest in our systems, new products, the things that I mentioned in my commentary today than you do and it's kind of a shocking silence. So, I think that's just over the next 20 years, 25 years, gets stronger and stronger. And I do think the business outsourcing model, it won't dominate, but I do think in the long run, it will prove to be a better model and those CEOs are not going to be able to overlook the return.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: And remember also, we're not trying to pick up their entire claim handling organization. What we're doing is we're going into deep verticals where we can prove, we can customize the claim delivery, we can deliver it in the way that they want with our expertise behind it, we provide great career paths inside of this for the adjusters and the specialists. And so as a result, in a deep vertical, we can provide superior claim outcomes. It is a – it's not as geared leverage wise. If you think about the Brokerage business, 50% to 70% of the growth can possibly hit the bottom line organically. In the Risk Management business, you're probably looking at 30% of it, you can hit the bottom line. It's because it's still a labor-intensive business. But our automation, our scale are coming on and it's allowing us to continue. I mean, if you go back four or five years ago, I think our margin in that business was 13% or 14%. So there has been margin improvement in it.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: And so, then if we think about longer term as, is this segment where Vishal Jain and his team, there's more to be done in terms of more margin improvement versus the Brokerage segment?
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Well, I wouldn't say versus the Brokerage segment just by the sheer size differential but there is opportunity there. There's still lots of opportunities for us and I'm glad that you remember listening to our Chief Service Officer talk in March to the group. There's opportunities still on our Brokerage side too.
Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: You see in the Risk Management business, any sign of inflation within the workers' comp business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Inflation in what, Mark?
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just loss cost?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Oh yeah. I mean, a huge part of workers' compensation is medical. So you're going to constantly fight that battle and an awful large part of the cap business is medical only. So there's – that's why the managed care techniques are so important. That's why the purchase of pharmaceuticals and how you do that and manage that is so important. It's why getting people back to work is so important because there's huge inflation in that and add wage inflation to it, there's natural inflation there as well.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: And you realize though that that's not technically Gallagher Bassett's cost, that's the self-insured or carriers that we provide to claim service to. But that's why they come to Gallagher Bassett because they realize, you've got this undying inflation that's going on in medical costs. So what are the ways to leverage our scale, our knowledge, our capabilities to try to bend that curve a little bit.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Any sign of inflection or any sort of acceleration lately?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: No, I don't think so, it's pretty steady.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: All right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you, Mark. Omer, anymore?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the call back to Pat Gallagher for closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.: Thank you very much. Well, as you heard today, we had a great first quarter and I'd like to personally thank all of our employees across the globe for their hard work and our clients for their continued support. 2018 should be another great year for Gallagher as we execute on our value creation strategy. We will grow organically. We will grow through mergers and acquisitions. We will constantly work to improve our quality and productivity, and every day we live and promote our unique culture. Thank you for being with us this afternoon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 17:15:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President & CEO Doug Howell - CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Arash Soleimani - KBW Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley James Naklicki - Citi Adam Klauber - William Blair Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J Gallagher & Company's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during the conference including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call are described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Darren. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. With me this afternoon is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating division. As I do each quarter, today I'm going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Number one, organic growth; number two, growing through mergers and acquisitions; number three, improving our productivity, quality, and margins; and fourth, maintaining our very unique Gallagher culture. The team once again executed an all four of these this quarter and well what a great quarter and a fantastic year. Last year, around this same time I said that 2017 brokerage organic felt like it would be similar to 2016 and it turned out to be better at 4.4%. I also said that I expected our 2017 risk management segment organic would improve over 2016 and it came in better at 5.2%. Putting the two together, for the year, the combined brokerage and risk management segments posted 4.5% organic, truly a fantastic year that reflects our incredibly strong sales and service culture. Now back to the fourth quarter results, starting with some comments about our brokerage segment. First organic growth. Fourth quarter organic growth was 6.8% all-in representing strong growth across all of our business units both domestically and internationally. In the U.S., our PC brokerage business generated 5.7% organic growth in the fourth quarter, with retail up 5.6% and wholesale up 6.3%. In terms of the PC pricing environment in the U.S., we're seeing commercial auto up about 3%, property up about 1.5%, other cash reliance up about 1.6%, specialty lines up towards a point, professional lines are flat, workers compensation down towards two points, and frankly, when I look at that, that's a flat market. So very little impact on our domestic PC brokerage organic in the quarter, which is a slight improvement from what we had been experiencing earlier in 2017. When it comes to exposures; we are seeing some better signs of exposure growth in the recent couple of quarters. International property/casualty brokerage organic growth was 7% in the quarter. Australia and New Zealand were up around 9%, the UK was up 5%, and Canada was up 6%. In terms of PC pricing outside the U.S., Australia and New Zealand are experiencing the strong price increases in the mid-single-digit range. Our UK retail and Canadian operations are seeing a more stable rate environment while London specialty operations are now seeing a bottoming as underwriters are asking for rate. Time will tell if that sticks. Our Employee Benefits business generated organic growth of 7% in the fourth quarter and surpassed $1 billion of revenue for the year, a testament to the outstanding work of our more than 4,000 benefits teammates. I'm proud of how this business has delivered so much valued advice to our clients over the years, trying to navigate the ups and downs of the ACA as they tackle the task of managing their total employment costs in a competitive employment environment. Next, let me move to merger and acquisition growth. During the fourth quarter we completed nine brokerage acquisitions at their multiples. The average size of the nine tuck-ins we completed in the quarter was $3 million of annual revenue. Our mergered acquisition pipeline remains robust with over $300 million of revenues associated with more than 40 term sheets either agreed upon, issued, or being prepared. The pipeline is full of excellent golden opportunities mostly in the United States but also some good opportunities around the world. Not all these acquisition transactions will close, but I feel good about our ability to attract acquisition partners in our typical small tuck-in size at fair prices. Our merger partners see our vast capabilities, believe in our unique culture, and realize that we could be more successful together. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. So how did we do for the year in our brokerage segment? 9% total adjusted revenue growth of which 4.4% is organic, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 11%, adjusted EBITDAC margin 27.4%, up 52 basis points over 2016. That's an excellent year for our brokerage business. Looking forward, I think 2018 brokerage organic will be similar to 2017 perhaps even a little better if PC pricing and exposures continue to improve. Next I'd like to move to our risk management segment which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter organic growth was 3.3%. The call we posted over 10% organic in the third quarter and accordingly we forecasted 2% to 3% organic in our December IR Day. So a bit lumpy by quarter, but a 5.2% for the year a terrific uptick over 2016. Stronger organic in the quarter was the primary driver of our adjusted EBITDAC margin of 17.4%, a great result. In terms of productivity and quality at Gallagher Bassett we have an outstanding differentiated value proposition that continues to be recognized as best-in-class. For example, in the 2017 advice and claims satisfaction survey, Gallagher Bassett was the highest regarded in casualty claims handling. Not only where we rated significantly higher than all the TPAs, we also ranked ahead of all carriers recognized in the survey. Our technology was also recently recognized. In the Independent 2018 PRIMUS report issued by two industry veterans, our Luminos System was recognized as the TPA leader with the highest net promoter score and most comprehensive in system capabilities and solutions offered among all TPAs. These are just two accolades that highlight the continuous investments we're making in the very best people, processes, and technology that are necessary to increase productivity, while consistently delivering the highest quality and to marchably superior outcomes for our clients. So for the year in our risk management segment, 7% total adjusted revenue growth of which 5.2% is organic, adjusted EBITDAC margin was 17.4%. A very good result and we expect our risk management segment's 2018 organic and margin performance will be similar to the full-year of 2017. And finally, our culture. We've built a very talented team of professionals who work across geographies, across divisions to deliver high quality insurance, risk management and consulting solutions to our clients every day. And we run the business according to a core set of tenants which are focused on teamwork, ethics, outstanding client service, and a dedication to the communities we operate in. A great example of our culture is when we celebrated our 90th anniversary this past October. We set a companywide goal of 90,000 hours of curable work over the next 12 months. I'm proud of how our colleagues have responded already. Just four months in and we are well on our way to exceeding that goal. Okay, a great quarter a fantastic year. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat and hello everyone. Like Pat said a truly excellent fourth quarter and full-year 2017. Today, I’ll highlight a couple of items behind the headline numbers in the earnings release. I'll then move to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website to help you think about 2018 and tax reform, and then I will end with some comments on the forthcoming new revenue recognition standard. Okay, to the earnings release. Page 4 to the brokerage segment organic growth table, 6.8% all-in organic, what a great quarter and terrific finish by our sales and service professionals. Under the 6.8% we did have some minor timing. Recall in our third quarter I explained that we had some negative timing that would catch up in the fourth quarter and so it did. That said, even levelizing for that timing, we would have posted about 6% organic growth still really excellent performance. Next turning to Page 5 to the brokerage segment EBITDAC margin table at the bottom. Headline adjusted EBITDAC margin was up 37 basis points in the quarter underlying that we did have two one-off items that compressed our margin expansion. First, our partially owned Mexico based affiliate had a tough quarter due to the Earthquake in late September that cost us about $1.5 million; and second, we did have a one-off technology improvement project in our U.S. brokerage operation that cost us about $2 million. Without those one-off items, margins would have expanded about 70 basis points and that feels about right on organic around 6%. Looking towards 2018, it would be hard for us to expand margins on organic growth at 3% or less but there could be some margin expansion on organic over 4%. As for risk management nothing under the headline results, just really solid year, a really solid year at 5.2% organic and adjusted margins is 17.4%. And like Pat said we see for the risk management segment 2018 a lot like 2017 in terms of organic growth and adjusted EBITDAC margin. Next let's turn to Page 7 of the earnings release to the corporate segment and then look at the clean energy line. You'll see we had an excellent fourth quarter for clean energy. A bit of that was due to the cold snap we had in late December but have capped off another excellent year, a $133 million of after-tax earnings that's up 16% over 2016. We also had some better than expected results on the corporate line, mostly due to tax benefits from additional stock option exercises in the quarter. Finally, in the corporate table, you will see that we added a new line that shows the changes as a result of the U.S. Federal Income tax law changes. It came in a bit better than we estimated on December 22, when put out our special tax reform related commentary. As for cash, at December 31, we had about $315 million available on our balance sheet. With our strong cash flows we should be able to fund M&A with free cash and debt coming to 2018 as well as the bump up in our dividend that we announced yesterday. Let's leave the earnings release and move to the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website. I'll talk about pages 2 and 3. On Page 2, you will see that nearly all of the fourth quarter 2017 actuals came in very close to our estimates that we provided at our December 12 Investor Relations Day. Also on both Pages 2 and 3 that we took a shot at some estimates for full-year 2018. However because of the new revenue recognition standard at this time, we are not comfortable providing 2018 quarterly estimate. We hope to provide quarterly spreads at our next Investor Day. A couple noteworthy items related to 2018 estimates. On Page 2, you will see that with the dollar weakening, FX could turn to a slight tailwind in 2018. In today's rate, it might feel EPS by a penny a quarter or so. On Page 3 in the pink box you will see that most of the corporate line estimates for 2019 are consistent with 2017, except when we now get a federal tax benefit of 21% versus 35%. As for our clean energy estimates for 2018 also that we show on Page 3 a couple of comments. First, we're still working with our utility partners but at this time it looks like production levels in 2018 could be similar to what we experienced in 2017. And we also believe that production cost in 2018 would be similar to 2017, however those costs are now tax benefited at a federal rate of 21% versus 35%. So you will see that our range of earnings in 2018 is in the $105 million to $115 million range versus the $133 million we posted this year. We still expect those investments to generate over $225 million of tax credits. So tax reform does not reduce the amount of tax credits we can generate, that's a really great outcome. At December 31, 2017, we have approximately $700 million of tax credits that will reduce our cash taxes paid for a very long time and that doesn't change much with tax reform either. So talking about tax reform, flip to Page 6 of the CFO commentary, we have again provided our best look at comparing our pro forma for 2017 as if tax reform happened January 1st of 2017. We hope that is helpful in understanding the impact on EPS. But a couple of important note. First, you'll see that our core brokerage and risk management operations benefit substantially from tax reform, but our corporate cost don't benefit as much. Second, I have always said that be careful, as you digest in your thinking, when looking at EPS, when it comes to clean energy, it is not a core business but rather an investment that generates some cash that can be reinvested into our core operation. So being a bit down in EPS really shouldn't matter. Third, the most notable number to me is the amount of cash taxes paid. In 2017, we will pay about $56 million in cash taxes globally. When we pro forma 2017 for tax reform, you will see we would have effectively had no cash taxes paid. That's globally. We believe that will be the case in 2018. So regardless of how you measure it, tax reform deliver substantially more positive cash flow. When you look at it longer-term here is how we think about it, because we have nearly $700 million of tax credits on our balance sheet and because we believe we can generate about $225 million of credits annually in 2018 and 2019 and then about $180 million of credit annually in 2020 and 2021, it looks on a global basis, our net cash taxes paid will be about 1% of our EBITDAC for the next three of four years since starting in 2011 or 2022 globally we will be paying taxes of about 7% to 10% of our EBITDAC through the late 2020. Clearly a lot can change over the next decade but that shows the cash generation power of tax credit and investment. So that was an upchange for you to digest. Let me offer a few comments on the forthcoming accounting change related to revenue recognition. First, we're well and along in our implementation of the new standard. Second, we plan on doing a full retrospective method. That means we will recap all the historical numbers for each quarter going back to January 1, 2016. We will provide a reconciliation between old GAAP and new GAAP that explains the changes and also provide it in a format that allows you to easily compare the quarterly numbers under new GAAP. Third, we hope to have a special Investor Day in late March or first week of April to give you that reconciliation and the new GAAP numbers. That should give you time to digest prior to us releasing our first quarter 2018 results which will be solely on the new GAAP basis. Fourth, here's what we now as of now all which could change over the coming years. First, we believe that our cumulative effective of the change will be positive. One could interpret that to mean than old GAAP was more conservative than new GAAP for us. We also believe that new GAAP will change our quarterly seasonality in both the brokerage segment and for clean energy investment earnings that are reported in our corporate segment, but that won't have -- but the new GAAP will not have much quarterly movement at all-in our risk management segment. And then, third, we believe that new GAAP will change our annual earnings upward in the brokerage segment but no real impact annually to the risk management segment or to the corporate segment. Okay, with that said let me once again congratulate our sales and service professionals for a fantastic quarter and a great year. We had terrific momentum coming into 2018. Back to you, Pat?
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Darren, you want to open this up for questions, please?
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi good evening. Congrats on a really strong growth quarter. I guess my first question in terms of the organic you guys said it was about 6% when you adjust for some seasonality in the shifting. So when you're setting your outlook for I guess about 4.4% which is or a little bit higher which was a full-year 2017 level, what do you think, things will change I mean it doesn't sound like other than the shifting that things won't maybe get better from here, if you get some more price in 2018.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think what we're saying is right now, we think what we did in 2017 can repeat in 2018 maybe a little better, if pricing continues. We did see an uptick in the fourth quarter. As a matter of fact, we went think 3% in the first quarter, 4%, 4% 6% I don't think you can count on 6% in 2018. We had a terrific quarter and we had a really strong delivery on several of our units but so we feel somewhere in that mid 4% range is better for 2018.
Elyse Greenspan: And when you think like the mid 4% range for 2018 what type of pricing environment are you guys assuming in there?
Patrick Gallagher: Essentially flat.
Elyse Greenspan: So if prices pickup, there could be some upside to that number.
Patrick Gallagher: That's right. We're seeing some price increases across various lines for instance that is most properties getting some bump, transportation is but there's still some softening areas like workers' compensation, overall flat.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think the bigger story for us would be exposure growth and you really do have an acceleration of the economy that drops in pretty quickly. Sometimes prices come out strong but customers have the ability to opt out of price not so they have the ability to take deductibles up, buy less cover on the top end, so they will control their annual spend on insurance and we talk about opting in and opting out all the time. Exposure group is something different. It's harder for them to control. If they add another truck, they've got to ensure the other truck and so if we get a hard economy exposure growth could help us top over that top over 4.4%.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of that you guys provided a lot of disclosure on the pro forma impact of tax reform. I know part of it is, should that your, if we looked at the details you guys provided about a year ago probably a little bit more of an upside to 2016 and 2017 numbers. And I think part of that was due to some deductions that you guys are losing. Could you just give us a little bit of color there, so we could understand the delta more between the two years?
Doug Howell: Right. There's about three things there let's go to the first one. First and foremost when we provided our commentary last year related to 2016 like I said, I think the most important number is the cash taxes that we pay globally. Last year I think by my memory is right, we would have said that we would have paid in 2016, we paid about $66 million of taxes and had tax reform happen at 2016. We would have paid about $40 million, so only about a $26 million improvement in cash. Our results now in 2017 will show about a over $50 million less cash taxes paid, so that's a good outcome. Some things that take on the rates, I think our outlook last year was done on a 20% rate and we're at 21% now. I think that there were deductions that we lost in tax reform, that we didn't anticipate in the 6 -- when we were looking at 2016 results, so you add all that up, and then the other -- the last thing is the shift in income we have, last year we had substantially more integration expense in our international operations that's not there now. So as a result those were operating higher tax jurisdictions now that erode some of that differential between the years. But by and large if you focus on the cash number all these things will end up in a better cash flow situation despite how it looks on an EPS basis or a pro forma basis.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one another question you guys are, the growth that you guys saw in the contingents and supplementals also looked pretty strong in the quarter was there some seasonality there and then what's the outlook I know it's included within your all-in number but for contingents and supplementals for 2018?
Patrick Gallagher: No, nothing special in the fourth quarter and looking forward, we're not seeing a lot of pressure right now obviously our Mexico affiliate got hit because of the earthquake that hurt us a little bit this quarter but that comes through a different line. But I'm not [indiscernible] contingent or supplemental coming into the year at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani of KBW. Proceed with your question.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. Just the first question in terms of the benefits to the broker segment from tax reform obviously has a pretty -- it's a pretty nice tailwind there. To what extent you expect that to fall to the bottom line versus resulting in higher compensation or other sorts of items that could reduce the bottom line impact.
Doug Howell: We don't run our company based on what the after-tax numbers are. We're an EBITDA focused company. So I think that's something that we'll continue to do is focus on that number. Second of all, when you really look at the information we gave you, interestingly enough, we're showing you the statutory rates. I think it's important to know had we recapped the last years pro forma and used really when you get out a few years 5.25% is what we will be paying in income tax in our domestic operations, when you get out about three or four years from now because of the tax credit, the gearing that you would see in the brokerage and risk management segment would go up lot. So here -- it's already up 15% now in those core segments together, you move that 21% rate down and the math down to 5% you'll pick up a ton more increase there.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. So based on the comments where you're obviously you're basing everything -- you're running the company based on EBITDA sounds like that's something where it really should be expected to kind of hit the bottom line and it kind of if anything gives you more, capacity for M&A.
Doug Howell: That's right.
Patrick Gallagher: That's right.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And the IT refresh that you mentioned can you just remind like how often would something like that would occur in the business.
Doug Howell: Here everyone is where we have an opportunity to really see an opportunity to improve something and so we took at this quarter. So it's a little hit or miss whenever we do that.
Operator: Our next question is from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Good evening. Thank you and congrats on the strong finish. My first question just follow-up on the Elyse question on the organic growth in the fourth quarter. Can you give a little more color as to what's really behind the 6-plus-percent organic growth and why it's not repeatable?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, Kai, this is, Pat. We snatched it in the fourth quarter. Our sales people killed it and that just don't happen every quarter.
Kai Pan: All right. I take that. Then the on the margin front I just wondering like you grow about 4% and if you look at the margin for the full-year actually it could expand even more, especially I'm looking at your comp expense ratio for the full-year roughly flat year-over-year. So why wouldn't it have more sort of wage or like expense leverage.
Doug Howell: Well, first and foremost, remember what makes the money for the stockowners that’s our people and a lot we pay our producers based on what they produce and they participate in that so we like a comp ratio or it's been. That comp ratio is kind of being the comp ratio for us for 30 years, 40 years something like that. So there is opportunities for some leverage in that but really we still have opportunities in our operating expenses. And I know there are wage pressures that are out there -- there is -- as we reach full employment in many of the countries it's more competitive for people. So we can hold the comp ratio where it is continue to go after our productivity list on the operating expenses we see that as the way we will expand margins that if we come in somewhere in the mid 4s.
Kai Pan: Okay. And one last question is a number question is that if you look at your reported in a pro forma for the corporate segments and especially the corporate lines it you looks like under the new tax law looks like the losses will be double the prior so a tax regime. So but if you look at a forecast for your net earnings or net losses in that line in 2018 is roughly the same as the 2017 I just wondering why is the losses not more in the corporate line.
Doug Howell: There were some one-off items in the corporate item that we just don't see repeated again. I think especially if you throw in the move and the tax reform items and that the -- there were matters related to the litigation that we won three years ago, that we're running through there, there is some cost that won’t repeat. So that is why we think it’s we will perform about as well even after-tax reform.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from James Naklicki of Citi. Please proceed with your questions.
James Naklicki: Yes thanks guys. I don't want to beat a dead horse here, but when we met with you guys in December I believe the guidance in brokerage was for 3% to 3.5% and you did 6%, so was there sort of a lot of upside to that number in the second half of December or was there organic pulled from the first quarter of 2018 into that fourth quarter number. I guess that's my first question there, I have a follow-up as well.
Doug Howell: The answer to that is no. I will go to the guidance remember our guidance in the third quarter I don’t think when we actually said 3% to 3.5% if we did maybe we will be just a little conservative on that. I think our guidance really was and we didn’t expect any margin expansion and we ended up getting 40 to 70 basis points on how we measure that. But we said that and at the time when we're sitting there in December week we had a terrific December, so based on through November we are probably some place in that, 3% to 4% range so.
James Naklicki: Got it. So strong December got it, okay.
Doug Howell: Yes.
James Naklicki: And then my follow-up is on corporate, so before the adjustments I thought you guys were looking for a profit there and there was a little bit of a loss, so can you just walk me through what the weakness was for net income before the adjustments.
Doug Howell: All right. Let's go for the corporate segment if you look at what we expected and what we published on December 12, we hit exactly what we thought on interest expenses maybe a little bit better, so got better there. We blew the doors off, as Pat said, on clean energy. So we came at the higher end of the range on our earnings on that, and we also have less loss on the corporate line of corporate there and maybe we didn't really forecast any lease move related to our headquarters, so that came in right. So maybe you are looking at I don’t know what you are exactly looking at but we did book our tax reform adjustments which was about $29 million charge, as we adjusted our deferred tax assets as we adjusted our transition tax, and a few other items that we adjusted some actual to current differences there but returned to actual provision items there. But by and large I think all of our numbers actually beat the expectations that we laid out in December.
James Naklicki: Got it, got it. So is tax reform. Okay, thank you very much.
Doug Howell: [Indiscernible] why you are not looking through?
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Good morning guys, couple of different questions. Wholesale had a good quarter after the tough weather, are you seeing more inflow of risk into the market?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes I would say that's especially around the catastrophe stuff. There is an awful lot more marketing going on; people are pushing to rate there. It’s not holding across the board but yes more people are in the U.S. market.
Adam Klauber: And so can you remind me what the seasonality for the property renewals, is it pretty even does more stuff come up before the summer?
Patrick Gallagher: No it's pretty much second and third quarter.
Adam Klauber: Second and third quarter all right, those are the bigger quarters, right?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Doug Howell: Yes, right.
Adam Klauber: Yes, yes. So, we will probably get a good idea of after the second quarter if there is more of an increase in some of that properties; is that right?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, correct.
Adam Klauber: Okay. As far as the benefits business, I think you mentioned 6% that seems better than it has been I’m not sure who said that number but what's driving the growth there?
Patrick Gallagher: Probably I think that whenever we benefit from confusion and change. And when you got the reform stuff going on and Washington, changes to the ACA, our people need an awful lot of help of that. Now the other thing that's driving it is we're making sure that our clients realize that we’re not just about health instance, what we are doing is trying to help employers become the destination employer and in this work environment we are approaching full employment that's important stuff. So our voluntary numbers are up, our consulting numbers and HR are up, our health insurance numbers are up nicely but it really is across the board.
Adam Klauber: And I know you have added in the last couple of years, you've invested in this practice added a fair amount to it, is that allowing to go up market a bit, I'm not talking about the Jumbo’s but are you getting some of our declines also?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Yes it is definitely. We're competing well on multithousand life cases now against some of the stronger competitors.
Adam Klauber: Great, that makes sense, okay. What was -- if you could give us a general idea, what was the growth in your producer force in 2017 versus 2016 and I guess what are your thoughts on 2018?
Patrick Gallagher: Well I got it.
Doug Howell: Our producer headcount was up 1% excluding acquisitions.
Patrick Gallagher: If you add acquisitions, which is accretive to production headcount you got that number.
Doug Howell: See if I can get there for you, Adam.
Adam Klauber: Okay, yes, I would be interested in the total number. And then as far as one, there's an investigation going on in London it would be interesting your thought there in. Do you have a wholesale London business and if so how big is that?
Patrick Gallagher: Really big, really big. I mean I don’t have a revenue number for you off the top of my head but it’s really one of the largest London brokers in the London market and yes the FCA is looking at the entire wholesale industry and we always believe that we do it right for the client and frankly we support the FCA's effort to look at that.
Doug Howell: Thanks. The nature of our wholesale business in there is moving business into the London marketplace, it's not nearly as big when you look at side cars and programs and that. So it's not really that type of business that the popular press is talking about.
Adam Klauber: Right, right. So my understanding you haven't done a lot of the big facilities, a lot of the big programs that some of the other -- some of your other competitors have is that in general is that on point?
Patrick Gallagher: That's correct.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam.
Doug Howell: Thanks Adam.
Patrick Gallagher: Have a good night.
Doug Howell: We are adding about 5% producer headcount as a result of acquisitions last year, also the follow-up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. The M&A environment with tax rates going down is that pushing out multipliers are either in private equity or you all paying more for these after-tax dollars?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think there will probably be a one turn and a multiple as a result of it.
Mark Hughes: Is that going to bring more deals to the market, or should that be a tailwind in 2018?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think so. I think that -- I think this -- but remember the real motivation for somebody to join us is they want our capabilities and our resources and that is also accelerating even more rapidly. So the money will be better for those folks that are selling. But I think that the reality of this as this gets to be much more of a complicated business especially take our benefits practices we just talked about, it is very confusing and we have some really, really great smaller brokers out there that when they join us, they continue to grow great service to their customers when they throw in our capabilities. We see is really right environment next year.
Mark Hughes: And then any restrictions on private equity leveraging up with tax reforms is that going to make a difference?
Doug Howell: You know I haven't really looked at the math but when it comes to the interest non-deductibility matter but again to be honest if somebody is interested in selling to a PE firm they're probably not interested in adding capabilities to our resources they just want to be a part of a friend [ph], of a label. We don't -- we don't do well with people that don't have any interest in our capabilities and the resources that we bring. So I don't see it as impacting our results, the number of what that we'll have next year will be up and maybe for PE too, but I think there is plenty of them amount there.
Mark Hughes: And then on risk management, we think about workers comp claims any commentary on the underlying trend there, any indication that the stronger economy could lead to increased frequency?
Patrick Gallagher: So far, we're seeing Mark about a 1% uptick and not a huge uptick there.
Mark Hughes: So that's just the same no, no changes?
Patrick Gallagher: Not so far.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Okay.
Doug Howell: Payrolls go up especially if we get into any big infrastructure spend that the financial type job they don’t have nearly as many workers comp claims, but we if get into a big construction boom here in the U.S. you'll see those numbers go up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani of KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. I just had a quick follow-up. When you said the organic in 2018 would need to be closer to 4% and 3% for margin expansion can just remind me why it would be a higher organic requirement next year or this year?
Doug Howell: We've always said that. We've always said tough to expand margins if it's 3% or less. There's a little wage pressure out there right now. So if we get to 4% there's margin expansion probably, someplace between 3% and 4% we will see how the year comes out. I would hope so but you just never now in this environment, being a low cost on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Yes. I have two follow-ups. Number one is that could you talk a bit more about your technology investment and how do you think sort of technology could disrupt the brokerage business.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think if you take a look at the numbers around and InsurTech investments there is billions of dollars flowing into this industry. We're doing I think a pretty good job of watching that. And we're of course doing all we can to utilize technology to continue improve our business. But so far the things that we watched and followed some are very clever but I don't see them as being a drastic disruptor in particular where we stake out our position in the marketplace is as a trusted advisor. Yes, we do have some electronic broking that we do around cyber, we will quote a couple hundred cyber quotes a month literally touch free and that's actually a day when I think about its not a month, it’s a day, but that's not a huge part of our business where we make our money and where we hold onto our clients is by being the person that they rely on for advice and I don't think that's going away.
Doug Howell: And two things. If you look at InsurTech that's really improvement of service tech. We have some pretty exciting things going on in terms of helping us improve our service to the customers when it comes to distribution RPS on the wholesale side is the place that's putting good wholesaler to broker type capability then it will allow them to quick quote cyber umbrella etcetera. So those are the places that have but when it comes to just pure distribution tech selling insurance in their way pretty hard when our customers are buying four, five different policies on the account. Because typically those are 1-type -- one single coverage type policies, and that's really not what we specialize in. We're a little further upmarket than that.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's helpful. But my last one is on your tax strategy, you have Glencoe business to lower your effective tax rate but now the U.S. tax law sort of changes the playing field is more less leveled are you going to pursue other tax strategy after expiration of Glencoe in 2021.
Doug Howell: Well, there is two different questions. I just want to make sure that our tax credit strategy was always there to take our rate from the regular rate today and T-rate so that goes -- used to go from 35% to 20%. Now with the way while our work we will be able to take our rate from 21% to 5.25%. So it's almost exactly the same 15% setbacks in the rate, so the amount that it produces for us is nearly identical. When it comes to the longevity of the program right now we have credits that we believe even with some rapid growth in the U.S. if you just model it out that our tax credit will last as well as into the late 2020. So what the next up in tax credits, you got a decade or more to figure it out. So it's not something I feel like we need to rush and do today. To put more money into something that we don't need tax credit say until 2030. But I think we're pretty well-positioned right now for the next ten-plus-years of our lives when it comes to a really paying, we can pay 5% U.S corporate tax for the next 10 to 12, 13 years that will be terrific wouldn't it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thank you. So I had a follow-up question on revenue recognition. So Doug you mentioned this split I believe be positive for your earnings. It's my understanding that for the most part annual revenue should be unchanged please correct me if I'm wrong, so and as we think about you guys adopting revenue recognition for 2018 I guess that's margin accretive and then when we think about I know another broker had said that they had seen an expense benefit in 2018 kind of like a one-year adjustment for the deferral of some expenses. Is your comment that it is positive to your earnings stream is that an ongoing not just a one-year comment, can you just kind of tie a few of those things together.
Doug Howell: Yes, I'll do the best I can. It's highly complicated and but I think that you characterized it correctly I wasn't commenting on any one-time item other than the cumulative effect of the change that comes in, in January -- that will book basically 12/31/15 or January 1, 2016. In terms of why their earnings elevate is in general revenues will go up, there'll be a small impact on EBITDA that will go up. I guess that would probably wash out in the margin to a certain extent but really we've been pretty conservative on when we recognize contingent commissions and also direct sales for carrier bills or installment bill policies. So that will be something that pulls forward. But then you also have the stuff we initiated that we get pushed back but there is a net uplift in it.
Elyse Greenspan: And when is the plan that you guys are going to give us I guess the pro forma's for 2017.
Doug Howell: I think, I said in my open commentary that we hope to have that here by late March or early April, so.
Elyse Greenspan: And at that point you'll also give us the corporate earnings projections by quarter for 2018 because I notice we just got the full-year outlook.
Doug Howell: Yes, that’s correct.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last question I know there were some an earlier question just in terms of I guess the fact that things seem to have gotten better towards the end of December after your Investor Day. Do you guys have an initial view on how January has been that you can share with us entirely your full-year outlook for 2018.
Doug Howell: No, because if we have that -- if we have that capability I would have been able to tell you on December 12 it doesn't all happen on the last day of the month. So I wish I did. But there's a sales business I know there is a rush at the end of the month in order get things booked. But I think at this point I really don't have a look at January at this point.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time.
Patrick Gallagher: Great. I will make a quick comment as I wrap up. As we said a number of times 2017 was a fantastic year for Gallagher. I'd like to thank each and every one of our nearly 27,000 colleagues for their hard work. As we enter 2018 our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy growing organically, growing through tuck-in acquisitions, improving our quality and productivity, and maintaining our unique Gallagher culture. Thank you for being with us this afternoon and have a great evening.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 17:15:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Adam Klauber - William Blair Mark Hughes - of SunTrust Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Arthur J Gallagher & Company's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call are described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Karen and good afternoon everyone, thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2017 earnings call. With me this afternoon is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Before we dive into our performance during the quarter, I want to start with some comments regarding the recent hurricanes, earthquakes and wild fires that have caused so much devastation over the past 90 days. The insurance industry is now fully engaged in the long process of putting everything back together. I'm really proud of how our professionals have handled our customer situations and in some cases even while dealing with their own losses and unfortunate circumstances at the same time. We've already helped our clients with thousands of claims related to the hurricanes alone. Unfortunately, there will likely be more claims filed over the coming weeks driven by the wild fires in California. 2017 could be one of the costliest insured natural catastrophe loss years on record, with catastrophe modeling firms estimating more than $100 billion of insured losses from the US hurricanes and Mexico earthquakes alone. In my opinion, this is the time for our industry, the insurance industry to shine as losses get paid and lives get put back together. I'm honored to work in an industry responsible for such an important task. Now, I'd like to go on to my comments regarding our third quarter. In our usual fashion, Doug and I are going to touch on the four key components of our value creation strategy. I'll address three of those, number one, organic growth; number two growing through mergers and acquisitions and number three, maintaining our very unique Gallagher culture. And Doug will touch on the fourth, which is improving our productivity and quality. Once again, the team delivered on all of our strategic priorities. I am extremely pleased with our performance in the quarter and through the first nine months of 2017. First, let me make some comments on our brokerage segment. Third quarter organic growth was 3.5% all in, base commission and fee growth was 3.7, with supplemental and contingence coming in flat as we had forecasted at our September 15, investor day. Let me give you some more detail around the organic growth in the quarter. Domestic retail property and casualty was just a touch below 3%. Domestic wholesale was flat. Employee benefits was around 2%, but there was some negative timing we expect to catch up in the fourth quarter. UK and Bermuda property and casualty was over 5% with some positive timing from the fourth quarter that about offset the negative domestic benefit timing. Canada and South America was 3% and last but not least Australia and New Zealand really crushed it with over 8% organic growth. Let me move to the rate environment. I recently returned from the counsel of insurance agents and brokers annual meeting where I met with many insurance carriers. Based on my conversations with carriers and consistent with what I'm hearing from our folks in the field, there's likely to be some modest hardening in the property rates coming. Carriers are reacting rationally, but focusing on those catastrophe exposed lines and they're not just looking for rate increases across the board. Having said that, we're also seeing many casualty lines continuing reform, while it does take some time for price increases to be reflected in our results, the internal pricing data does indicate some upward movement in pricing. In addition over the last month, I met with our international leaders from our UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand operations. So let me give you some details on our international property and casualty pricing as it does vary quite a bit by geography. For example, Australia and New Zealand are experiencing about 5% upward movement in pricing. Our UK retail and Canada operations are seeing a stable rate environment and London specialty continues to see pricing in negative territory. Finally, on the topic of rate, our internal data shows global PC pricing flat in the third quarter. That's an improvement over the second quarter. With our own data confirming what I'm hearing from carriers and the feedback I'm receiving from our folks on the ground, I think global pricing could continue to increase and be a possible small tailwind for our business. I remain optimistic that we can deliver full year 2017 organic growth similar to or perhaps even better than our 2016 result. Adding the potential for some modest increases in rates, I think 2018 brokerage organic could even be better than 2017. Second, let me talk about brokerage merger and acquisition growth. We completed six tuck-in brokerage acquisitions this quarter at fair prices. The average size of the six tuck-ins we completed in the quarter was $6 million in annualized revenue. Through the first nine months, we completed 27 tuck-in mergers and our weighted average multiple paid is about eight times. Our pipeline of potential merger partners is very full and looking at our internal merger and acquisition report, I see over $250 million of revenues associated with around 50 term sheets either agreed upon or being prepared. Not all these acquisitions will close, but I feel good about our ability to continue attracting our typical small tuck-in acquisition partners at fair prices will value our capabilities and know that we can be better together. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. So let me wrap up the brokerage segment. The team posted 8% total adjusted revenue growth and 3.5% organic, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 8% and adjusted EBITDAC margin 27.9%, up 5 basis points over the third quarter in 2016, really strong results for the brokerage team. Next, I'd like to move to our risk management segment, which is primarily Gallagher Bassett Services. Third quarter organic growth was 10.2%, which benefited from about 2 points of favorable audit fees. So if the 8% organic, we saw about 8.5 in the US and about 6% international. In the US, we had a nice lift from our insurance carrier of captive books and internationally we had excellent sales in New Zealand and the UK. Regardless of geography, our customers can see that we're delivering superior claim outcomes. With year-to-date organic over 5%, I'm pleased with our risk management as rebounded from 2016. So far, this year our risk management team has completed three acquisitions including one during the third quarter. Third quarter merger partner was a US based trucking focused claims adjuster. This particular franchise has a specialized service offering that will be very complimentary to our risk management segment's operations. A great example of the type of partner we're trying to attract. And finally let me talk about our culture. October 2 marked Gallagher's 90th anniversary and all of our global operations took time throughout the day to commemorate this special occasion. Well, clearly a time to celebrate on all that we have accomplished as an organization, we decided to mark our 90th anniversary by setting a companywide goal of 90,000 hours of charitable work over the next 12 months. Our company is committed to our local communities and in any one of our locations around the world, our culture hangs together, a culture that is grounded on a rock-solid foundation of ethics, superior client service, dedication to our community and encapsulated in the Gallagher way. I'm confident our culture will thrive for another 90 years and beyond. An excellent quarter, really great first nine months of the year. I'll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug? Doug Howell Thanks, Pat and hello, everyone. A really terrific third quarter, the highlight of which is our brokerage and risk management segment combined to post 4.6% organic growth, that's really, really excellent work in this environment. Today, I'll touch on some modeling items using the CFO commentary document that we posted on our website. I'll provide some comments on margins, clean energy, M&A and cash, then as Pat said, I'll wrap up with some comments on productivity and quality, one of our four value creation strategies. First, to page 2 of the CFO commentary, you'll see that all of the third quarter 2017 actual came in very close to the estimates we provided during our September 15 investor day. We really appreciate everyone that attends or listens to our quarterly updates and those of you that spend the extra time to update your models after those meetings. Our next IR day will be on December 12. First, let's move to page 2 of the CFO commentary, to foreign currency. With the dollar weakening relative to fourth quarter 2016, FX should now flip to a small tailwind here in the fourth quarter of 2017. You'll see how we expect foreign currency to be about 10 million of tailwind in the brokerage segment revenues in the fourth quarter, which will then offset the headwinds during the year and end up with only about 20 million of headwind for the full year. That's the impact on revenue, but you'll see there's not really that much impact on EPS. Second, turning to page 5 of the CFO commentary, we've given our best guess after rolling revenues from mergers that we've completed till yesterday and we'll update this information on December 12 IR day. Like I said last quarter, we understand making an estimate for rolling revenues is a difficult pick, but it can really be quite sensitive on EPS, so time is well spent on that. Let's move away from the CFO commentary back to the earnings release to page 5, to the brokerage segment margins. For the year, we're up 57 basis points. This quarter, just like last year's third quarter and also in line with what we said on our September 15 IR day, we effectively held margins flat, actually up about 5 basis points. You'll note on that page also that we would have posted about 30 basis points of margin expansion if you exclude new mergers, which don't have the seasonality that we do. We saw that same situation in the second quarter if you recall. Both our second and third quarter margins are higher than what our new mergers are coming in at for the full year. Now looking forward, last year brokerage adjusted margins were 25.8% in the fourth quarter, but at today's FX rates that would be about 25.5%. Last year fourth quarter, we posted 30 basis points of expansion on about 3.5% organic. It feels like we could have similar results in the fourth quarter of 2017 if we again hit 3.5% organic. Let's move to the risk management segment, as Pat said a really terrific quarter, but admittedly a bit noisy. You're reading the release and the way we think about it is to strip our revenues of about $4 million of audit fee timing that came from the fourth quarter and then also take out 3 million of special items at operating cost. You will end up with 8% organic and about 17.5 points margin. Even without the noise, those results are terrific. As we look forward to the fourth quarter, risk management organic however, will be challenged by the shift in the $4 million audit revenues from the fourth quarter into the third and we also again expect little to know performance bonus income, which was $1.4 million last year. So when you stack up those fourth quarter headwinds, we're seeing fourth quarter of 2017 organic of around 2% in the risk management segment. That would still bring our full year ended around 5%, so little up and down by quarter, but looking like a great year nonetheless. As for fourth quarter margins, 2% organic, margins should come in between 16.5 and 17 points, which would still result in achieving our full year target margin of over 17%. I'll turn now to the corporate segment. First, to clean energy, we had an excellent third quarter production and our earnings came in a bit over the high end of our estimates and you'll see on page 3 of the CFO commentary that our fourth quarter estimates are right on what we provided on our September 15 IR day, so there's really no news there. However, I must mention that weather can move those estimates by a few million dollars either way. At September 30, we have over 600 million of tax credits on our balance sheet, effectively $600 million receivable from the government. This asset will reduce our future cash taxes paid for many years to come. As for cash, at September 30 we had around 275 million of available cash on our balance sheet and with our strong cash flows, it looks like we can fund all of 2017 M&A with free cash and debt. Now, let me shift back to some comments on our productivity and quality initiatives. The systems and process we've developed over the last decade have allowed us to significantly control our workforce head count. In the last two years, on a middle and back office space of about 16,000 associates, we're only up 200 positions, excluding the acquired businesses. If our headcount have grown in large step with our organic growth over the same period, we would have grown by over 1,100 positions. Yes, we've grown our offshore centers of excellence a bit, but those positions carry substantially lower cost. What's more exciting is, our quality has dramatically improved over that time. A couple of examples, first several years ago it took us a couple of days to turn around a certificate insurance and our quality was in the mid 80% range. Now we can turn a certificate in 30 minutes and quality is over 99% and now over two million of certificates issued over the last year. That's really meaningful for a contract if it's trying its crew working to get something in 30 minutes. As another example, we now check policies for accuracy and under 80 minutes, also at over 99% accuracy. That's down from several hours a few years ago and if you go back a decade, frankly it was a hodgepodge process that frustrated our clients. We've solved that problem and I believe that we've absolute best executives in the business. To put them to perspective, we're reviewing about 200,000 policies a year. And finally, our efficiency, quality and headcount discipline enable to think differently about real estate. Over the last five years, we've substantially modernized in a right size our real estate footprint. Looking forward, we have some sizable opportunities coming in the fourth quarter. I'll have some estimates of the onetime charges and expected future savings by December 12 investor day. All of this shows the power of our scale and our constant focus on getting better, faster and cheaper. Those are my comments. We had really great organic this quarter, solid execution on our M&A program, excellent operational discipline and margin expansion and we have a really strong cash position. Back to you Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug and Karen, we're ready for some questions-and-answers. Hopefully answers.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good evening.
Patrick Gallagher: Good evening.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question - so I was just helping to get a little bit more color on just on how you guys are seeing the market, obviously there is a pretty big delta out there in terms of the potential insured losses in the third event we've actually seen disclosed and I think that's led to a lot of dialogue around how much price we could actually get out there and you did allude to the potential performer prices in the U.S. We are kind of magnitude; do you think that we could see, and do you think that this is depending upon seeing insured losses and reported loses get close to about that $100 billion figure that's been floated around?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, Elyse, this is Pat. I think it's pretty earlier in the game right now. These processes are still very fresh and one thing we know from the past is awful lot of the modeling firms those models don't necessarily hold up when it comes to these catastrophes. So we don't know. I think right that $100 billion is somewhere close to what realty will be. There is plenty of capacity beyond that, but we are seeing people already talking to our folks in particular around catastrophe exposed properties. It's not across the board, but they say look need increases and it's reasonable. We got about 23 quarters by our estimate of decreasing property rates and that was I mean that was fair because the clients really want putting a bunch of loses into the market. So to see something on the order of 5 to 15 to 20 wouldn't be unreasonable.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great. And then in terms of the organic growth outlook, in the prepared remarks was that you were trying to make the - trying to point out that the organic could end up around 3.5% also for the fourth quarter and then in terms of the go-forward view, you were saying '18 to look at a little bit better than '17. What type of price are you start going into that outlook, just so we can idea of prices exceed as I will look at the additives your initial view.
Doug Howell: No, let's clarifying. I said that we are pricing if we had 3.5 points of margin - 3.5 points of organic in the fourth quarter we probably could post about 30 basis points of margin expansion, so I was just giving the sensitivity of flat 3 points probably not much margin expansion of that - if 4 points may be a little bit more. So that was the context of that. I wasn't really prognosticating on what the fourth quarter organic would be for right now, it feels a lot like the second and third quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of what kind of pricing applications you guys are taking about when you say next year could be a little bit better than this year?
Doug Howell: I think that it is one of those things that last year maybe I think all of 2017 we might end up getting a head win from weight of maybe a half a point to a point. So if you think the mixture feels a lot like this, maybe you would see it go up another half a point to a point.
Elyse Greenspan: And that's an all in view meaning if there is any impact from these storms on your level of contingency you kind of affect that element letting us fill that?
Doug Howell: Yes, correct.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then I know that you guys let us know what your investor day that supplemental and contingent, they came out in my expectation to be about flat. Why I guess why were you expecting them to flat and do you have any kind of initial view on what we could expect in the fourth quarter?
Patrick Gallagher: Rates have been decreasing slightly over the past year plus. Loss ratios are up, and contingence are contingent and, so I think that as you go into next year, we will have to see what - the capacities themselves are not going to have huge pyramid, they may in their whole sale side, but across the PC operation globally shouldn't be a bigger impact, but if rates don't firm [ph] or at least hold stable loss ratios rolls high and there will be pressure on contingent.
Doug Howell: Yeah, in this quarter in particular as a couple of million bucks in our wholesale operations domestically on a couple of our programs not related to the catastrophes. just on some of these general liability line and some of the loss of our property line in insurance parts and primarily casualty lines and so that's why we said the domestic wholesale is about flat this quarter and that's also the reason why contingents are about flat.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good afternoon. By the way thank you for moving - making this call this afternoon making our life a little easier tomorrow morning.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, thanks for being here.
Kai Pan: So the first question a follow-on Elyse's question on the pricing outlook. I just wonder what you tell your brokers right now you are producing it out there and just say in DC modeling and how should we help our clients. From your past experience is what you are experiencing like big catastrophe losses or potential rising prices. Is the environment for you to sort of like is a better or worse environment for you to retain customers or gain market shares?
Patrick Gallagher: That's a great question Kai and one of the things we realize is we probably got about 12 to 13 years of new hirers that have never had to take a price increase to a client. We brought in terms and reduced prices. So one of the things we are doing is putting out into the field some real training those are sort of little longer truth of been through a poor hard markets and nothing makes a client more unhappy than a surprise. So the idea that pricing is likely to move around these catastrophes and again being able to explain to a client that for 23 quarters we brought it cheaper prices which he deserved balance sheets were flush. Now you are going to have a hundred plus billion-dollar payout. It makes some sense. By the way pricing and catastrophe exposed areas of Florida at July first renewals were about equal to or less than 1992 when Andrew hit so to go back and say you know what it's time to reload these balance sheets in a 5% to 15% increase is not unwanted. You got to get out from that early because if you are surprise a client they are not happy, and we don't have people who had been trained in this so we working on it really hard.
Kai Pan: All right. So in the past - this sort of an environment does you think that you will be able on top of the price increase you will be able to sort of gain market share?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes definitely. There is no question about it. There is nothing better than consternation in the market for our professionals to go out and solve some problems.
Kai Pan: Okay that's great. And then just two quick follow up for Doug and one is on the clean curve and do you have sort of indication what is 2018 going to be like - they higher than the current levels or going to be sort of you will reach a steady stay levels.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think we have said that were pretty close to steady stay most of plants are putting production and our programs got in out of four years running on it, so we are pretty close to steady state on that. Obviously, there is an administrative favorability to call right now. So hopefully the plants will run little bit more than we originally projected but right now we see it flat up just lightly.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then the other one is on - any comments on the pending accounting changes how would that change your sort of income statements for 2018?
Doug Howell: We are still working on it. I think it's probably premature to comment on.
Kai Pan: Okay, when will we be able to find it out its or you said in the fourth quarter -
Doug Howell: Late in the fourth quarter we should some idea and certainly early in the first quarter. Clearly there will be movement by quarter because it will level out some of the seasonality that's been in our business, but what the actual impact is on four-year results, we are still working on that.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Thank you, so much and good luck.
Doug Howell: Thanks Kai.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah, thank you. I want a follow up Kai's question what's on in the clients somewhat not - one of the under where as you mentioned earlier on a call today that positive property pricing could be too the inversion in the other monitoring lines that you are trying to work through in entire package for our customer. What do you think happens as you rise property prices is that bad of the casualty pricing cycle or where do you see its going right now?
Patrick Gallagher: No, I think what you got is a different market than we have seen - yeah, I have through four market cycles and had been the same since 2005. I think that the general market cycle is dead. I think you are going to have many market cycles based on lines coverage. So workers comp is soft, rates are going down make sense. The clients are better. Property looks like it's probably go up a bit. We got transportation, trucking and automobile it's definitely going up. So I think by-line across the board rates are going to move based on basically what needs to happen on that line. So I do not believe that higher prices on property especially when it comes to Catastrophe [ph] exposed property are going to have any impact on casualty at all.
Joshua Shanker: Okay that was very forceful. Additionally looking at the pipeline on acquisitions an even now in the markets for a while overseas, are you finding the equity markets in the U.S. equally for over the ones overseas. If the Gallagher name out of the same extent that people know that you want to find good people to people to join the team and where will that stand within the next few years, where the folks will be on bringing new team members on?
Patrick Gallagher: Tremendous opportunities you know go back to 2014 and I think basically everybody was kind of had a wait and see add it to around whether Gallagher could truly integrate and have operations in New Zealand and Australia, Canada and the U.K. Those people are all aboard. We just finished our engagement serving globally with 93% participate and taking our survey. 95% of the people had answered the surveys and they understood the Gallagher are cultured to be unique and important and that's across those geographies and so the name is getting out there more and more tuck in acquisitions are that the pipeline is growing and is solid in every one of those locations. So we are seeing opportunities in New Zealand, Australia, Canada, the U.K. and Latin America and of course in the United States is very robust.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you very much, best answers.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, thanks. Good evening guys.
Patrick Gallagher: Good evening.
Ryan Tunis: Just following up more I guess on the conversation with some of the clients and thinking about maybe some of the unattended consequences of higher rates. I guess only answer is about is all these quarters you have gone back with lower property prices. Do you think that most of your clients have probably - have you been able to get a lot of clients to respond by buying more of other types of insurance arguably with some of the savings in that rate and is one of the difficulties in this conversation if that's true do you thinking if you are passing 10 to 20% rate increases is there - could it be an organic loss set from them maybe buying less elsewhere?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, clearly, we have in fact sold more insurance around the fact that rates have decreased over that period of time. People have extended both their limits and what they are buying one of the greatest examples of course is Cyber and I think you could see some cut tax. There are some clients that will say simply I paid excess zero in pay and tax this year. You tell me we are having a cut back. But I don't see that be in a predominant thing especially when you think about first of all your [ph] exposed property is one line of cover in a multi-line coverage of map. And if that goes up 5 to 15% its' not really impacting whether you want the causality limits at a 150 or a 100. I don't see that. So there could be some pressure, but I think that careers seem to be very reasonable in the approach we are taking now. After 2001 that was our last need jerk full on hard market. So it's been sixteen years and that's not over seen here.
Ryan Tunis: Understood, that's helpful and then just give me a little more color on what's going on in Australia and New Zealand some depraving commentaries pretty good there and at this point how much I guess how big is that book for you guys.
Doug Howell: About 300 million between Australia and New Zealand and we are seeing pricing increase down there around 5% or a little bit more. I think the real spark in what's happening down there is that we have been together now for three years and I think that they are seeing that the sales and service model is helping them sell more customers to so it's not just a rate story down there.
Ryan Tunis: Okay and then my last one was I appreciate the commentary on maybe being able to accelerate organic growth next year, but hearing Doug talk about some of the efficiency initiatives, is real level of organic growth that you think you need be in regard even if it's not acceleration or you think you can still get margin expansion in '18 given this efficiency initiatives.
Doug Howell: You know our standard answer on that is that it pretty tough to show any margin expansion should have got more than 3% organic growth. I think that we have only talk about how we are starting to have some of our other locations like Australia, Canada and the U.K. come on to our service platform that will provide a little bit of lift next year, but remember even if we got to the optimal point we are talking about 25 to $30 million extra of the EBITDA from those location. So on from that stand point that can certainly handle up and add a lot more weight I think that we can be in a position of sixteen thousand associates now, maybe fifteen thousand associates in two years even. So I think that we got the capabilities there, there are some pretty exciting stuff that we are doing them internally with lot of what you might refer to as in short or service and, so I think there is lot sum of opportunity there for us still to get better. And more important our quality at every point we are measuring quality and that's something that we absolutely know is very hard to we are working on that for 12 years now.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks for the answers.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Ryan. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Good afternoon guys.
Doug Howell: Hi, Adam.
Adam Klauber: A couple of questions one on the liability causality side, are you seeing a tough environment and is that to some extend what's flowing through some of the tough casualty results these days?
Patrick Gallagher: I don't know if I would say it is a tougher legal environment. I have been around since as best as started really raised ugly had and exceed TEs going raise its ugly head and I think that the plan of as far as pretty good finding places to go so I wouldn't call it any tougher I just say its continuing to be a very look - just the United States in pick to its location.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I don't know over the frequency of severity issue on that had better question for the carriers that really deep knowledge on what's coming in on the client side, but I am not seeing any run-away supplements happening so if it's anything it's a frequency issue. In the frequency issue would be triggered by economic growth because more things happen, more things can go bad. So it is the frequency lead charge that economically driven if that is necessarily because of the legal environment.
Adam Klauber: Okay. That's helpful. And then as far as all the avoid - in particular is taken, but taken some pretty big of - how big of a partner are they for the top 5, top 3?
Patrick Gallagher: No, probably top 4.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. My understanding is avoids in the particular is pushing hard for rate would you say that is true?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah.
Adam Klauber: Yeah. Okay as far as the balance sheet it looks like net debt modeling in last year I guess what level are you confident with going forward?
Patrick Gallagher: I think we are right now, our net debt to - adjusted that is probably about the same Adam, we have been running 25 and 26 on a covenant basis and that's been pretty steady on an adjusted basis in fact, so I don't know exactly what you are looking it might be the way you are detecting some of the cashes on the balance sheet. I don't know if you're picking up respecting cash or not, but I can tell you that we have been pretty steady right now and on a covered basis we feel investment grade to somewhere between 2.5 times to 2.8 times and that's what or about we would like to be.
Adam Klauber: Okay, that's helpful. And then finally for the first nine months of this year the last year has operating flow grown, grow materially?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah and as you know it's very hard to find that from the GAAP cash flow statement, but yes obviously our cash flow is up substantially we are on integration is behind us building that new office building is done in behind us and this is cash flows off the businesses we grow more or up. So yeah, we are substantially stronger cash flow today. Now operating cash flows grown just nicely with respect to organic I mean as we grow organically our cash flows here as we expand margin our cash flow, but kind of one timers that have been that we have been spending cash on behind us at this point.
Adam Klauber: Okay great. Thanks a lot.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Adam.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mark Hughes from of SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you good afternoon.
Patrick Gallagher: Good afternoon Mark.
Mark Hughes: The question of Lloyds, I assume they're pushing on CAT exposed properties. Are they pushing on casualty as well?
Patrick Gallagher: No.
Mark Hughes: Okay.
Patrick Gallagher: Casualty market in the UK is soft.
Mark Hughes: Okay, how about the domestic in the ENS market?
Patrick Gallagher: No, property, casualty is flat.
Mark Hughes: Did you touch on the benefits with health reform on/off again et cetera? Is that having much of a difference, how has that performed organically?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, organically for the quarter we're about 2%. As we said, we had some stuff that sort of moved to the fourth quarter. So organically we're doing well. The consternation around the ACA is both good and bad for Gallagher. The confusion and the compliance requirements are good for Gallagher because we are out consulting with our clients. The bad news is that the confusion in the compliance drag our people away from just going out and knocking on doors and getting business. So it's a plus and a minus. Overall, I would the ACA is a big plus for Gallagher because it is complicated and now you've got the President basically saying that subsidies to insurance carriers are going to be withheld. You got insurance carriers that are basically committed to rates for 2018. You got all kinds of compliance rules around the carriers' loss ratios and things like that that are kind of influx and it's creating a bunch of consternation, which I think will flow through the next year depending on what happens with whether or not the subsidies are in fact killed, which will put immense stress on the whole system a year from now. So it's good for Gallagher then.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think one of the things Mark, just look at it this way. The capabilities that we have in our Gallagher Benefit services unit, the consulting capabilities and the tools that they have really allow us to distinguish ourselves and throughout they're competing and many times substantially smaller than us. The smaller a benefits broker, doesn't have any other resources capabilities or the expertise that we have and eventually they have to make choice, either they sell to us and join us because they want our resources, or they watch for clients eventually come our way. And so I think that scale matters in this, expertise matters, and lot of these small benefit brokers are terrific field folks, they've got great relationship with their customers and so as a result of that they look to us to join through mergers because they know that we can be better together. So there's that opportunity for us as a broker that's growing substantially to bring out more smart people that really are good benefit folks and just want our capabilities. So to me I see there's a positive on that side when you look at the M&A aspect of it.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good afternoon and happy anniversary. You guys don't look 90 years old.
Patrick Gallagher: You've seen it from the inside Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel: That's right, especially in the new location, which is quite impressive.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Bob Glasspiegel: I also didn't think I was going to hang out rather than long enough to see you throw the word tailwind, whether it's pricing or foreign exchange. It seems like you've been using headwinds a lot more, but now that you think you're going to have some tailwinds in property, couple of questions. What does that mean to you as a company or how you manage day to day deal? Do you do anything differently in a hardening property market and softening property market? This is the second question; did you say that Doug that it cost you - your rates cost you 50 bps in organic in 2017 or did I miss that extremely?
Doug Howell: In '17 we'll probably end up about 50 basis points in organic as a result of rates. Last year it was more like a 4 point in '16, so I think -
Bob Glasspiegel: It's negative you were saying.
Doug Howell: Yes, that's correct, so we'll be covered by half a point this year.
Bob Glasspiegel: Right and so if we said we're in a hard market for property, does that get you to what?
Doug Howell: Maybe another point, not sure.
Bob Glasspiegel: So it gets you 50 bps - so it would be a 100 bps swinging from minus 50 to plus 50, if you got to that sort of environment?
Doug Howell: That's right.
Bob Glasspiegel: And Pat, how would you run the company differently if you knew that for sure. Would you hire more people, would you move people in the property or would you just let if all go to the bottom line?
Patrick Gallagher: Bob, I think the main thing right now that I'm concerned about is making sure that the people who've joined over the 12 years really get out in front of their clients. Again, I don't think it's jolting hard market somewhere to 2001 and 2011, but any kind of price pressure on the upwardly mobile price, we got to be out explaining to clients why it's happening. Now, memories get really short, so everybody that survived a hurricane or a huge flood this month, they're shaking their head I get it. By April, they're going to be saying, what are you talking about, you're bringing a rate increase. So you got to be out talking to those April renewals and those July renewals now and that's a training exercise Bob. And I don't think it's big enough to say that what we do is take this - I'm not looking at this as a windfall, but definitively I'm looking at it as something that really - we have to just take a moment and make sure people can explain why the market is dynamic. And our people are smart people and by the way our buyers are smart people, they'll get it.
Bob Glasspiegel: There's no differed adversity you would now consider in a great scenario that I'm trying to create for you, where things are improving, and your organic be growing 4% of 4.5%, if you get 100 basis point swing, there's nothing that you need to invest in or there's no resources you need to service from your perspective?
Doug Howell: No, just a reminder guys they've got. There were interesting things, we'll make sure when a lot of customers are shown up to rate increases, I think that they may - people have a tendency to shop more when the prices are growing up and I think that lets our folks get in there and demonstrate our capabilities from somebody that's been opening up their mail and getting price decreases for 10 years. Also now, they'll take that appointment, so you'll see that happening, so we got to protect those - to well inform them and for those other brokers out there that are sleep at the wheel, that's our opportunity coming and showing our ways and they are terrific capabilities and our clients will really like to see.
Patrick Gallagher: That's actually a really, really good point. I would hope that we would see some increased opportunities around the fact that our competition in particular this month - and you know this. We now measure, and we know that 90% of the time when we go out to compete on an account, we're competing with a smaller broker. So this is our opportunity to go out and say, hey, we really could help you navigate this market. There's a change in market, we're very good at this, we're one of the largest property placers in the excess and surplus markets, we know what we're doing, we've got the guns, let us help you.
Bob Glasspiegel: Great, thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] of KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. First question, I know you said multiple times that you're competing against firms that are smaller 90% of the time. I'm just curious, how does that percentage change when you look outside the US?
Patrick Gallagher: It's about the same.
Unidentified Analyst: The other question I had, when you look back KRW and Olfa, it's look their property CAT index in the US had gone up in '06, but then went down in '07 and '08. Would you expect it to be here similarly this time around or is there any reason you think it would perhaps be different?
Patrick Gallagher: Depends on how much capital flows in. If the whole bunch of capital moves to Bermuda and starts taking CAT risk, it will slop in quickly.
Unidentified Analyst: Fine, makes sense. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Newsome: Good evening, everyone. One of our peers - one of the insurance companies suggested that sort of a key component of whether a market that gets really hot or not is whether are not the MGAs are essentially are abounded by some of the backers, reinsurance backers. So my question is, do you agree with the promise and if so how do you think that might may or may not unfold? Is there sort of certain time that we should be looking at that happening and getting these thoughts about just doing well?
Patrick Gallagher: So first of all Promise is absolutely right on it. By the way we're the largest MGA in the United States, so that's really an important market for us and those programs are critical to us. But again remember, this market is not - this is not a major across the board. All ships are raising on high tide this is catastrophe exposed property that had a bad ninety day this is going to need to have some balance replenishment. This is not a threat to the industry in terms of the size of the loss its putting a capital repair and we are not seeing stress on our MGAs that outside the cared property market at all. So the answer to your question is yes, in fact what you said occurred we are across all the whole MGA book. Things gone withdrawn and our capacity got withdrawn that would be pretty dramatic. But that's not what is happening.
Paul Newsome: That's great, thank you.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Thank you for the follow up. Just a larger picture question and you know you are traditionally having focused on the into market clients, do you have a small basis insurance clients and how do you serving, how you have you been serving, and do you see that as a close of 20 for you because there is a lot of talk about that in the market place.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, we see that as a huge opportunity for us in fact we had a project to put for the last 24 months importantly on a globally basis looking at how we service and changes the way we service small business. From doing it the way we had our middle market and upper middle market business in the very specific service centers that will do it better with a higher level of quality and will allow us to drive substantial margins which we will then invest in the marketing around and really try to drive small business into the company. We think there is a tremendous opportunity in small business. And that is both on a benefits and property casualty basis on a global basis. So - these efforts are put in Canada, the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the U.K.
Kai Pan: Could you size it in term of the potential or opportunities in terms of percentage of overall look?
Patrick Gallagher: I don't think I can off the top of my head Kai.
Kai Pan: All right. Thank you so much for your time.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Kai. Karen, looks like that's about it?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Patrick Gallagher: Let me make just a quick closing comment. I want to thank you again for being with us this afternoon. In closing I am extremely pleased with our 2017 performance thus far and I believe we will have a very strong finish to the year. And we look forward to speaking with you again in January and thank you all for being with us this evening. Thank you, Karen.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President and CEO Doug Howell - CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Adam Klauber - William Blair Arash Soleimani - KBW Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J Gallagher & Co.’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties discussed on this call are described in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2017 earnings call. With me this morning is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As we do each quarter, today Doug and I are going to talk about the four key components of our value creation strategy. Those are number one organic growth; two growing through mergers and acquisitions; three, improving our productivity and quality; and four, maintaining our very unique Gallagher culture. The team really delivered on all 4 of the strategic priorities this quarter resulting in excellent top and bottom line results. I am extremely pleased with our first half performance which sets the stage for another outstanding year in 2017. Let me start with some comments on our broker segments. Second quarter all-in organic growth was 4.2% up nicely over our first quarter. To the first two quarters 2017 organic stands at 3.5% right in line with the level of organic we experienced last year. Let me give you some granularity around our brokerage segment organic growth in the quarter. In the U.S. organic growth was about 3.5% for the quarter with retail growth stronger than wholesale. Internationally all-in organic was about 5.5% for the quarter with Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the U.K. all delivering organic growth greater than 4% just a fantastic job by our international team. All of our brokerage operations that are on the globe grew organically in the quarter. And my optimism for the remainder of the year is based on the broad strength of our operation. As I said in the first quarter I continue to see full year 2017 organic growth in our brokerage segment similar to 2016's result. Moving to the rate environment. Our internal data shows global PC pricing down only a point in the quarter very similar to last quarter and when I look at the first two quarters combined pricing improved by 50 basis points compared to 2016 within our global retail business. One really interesting observation is in Australia and New Zealand pricing has really turned as higher by 4% to 5% during the second quarter. By product line commercial auto is still experiencing highest rate increases up about 1.6% within the U.S. during the second quarter. Professional liabilities experiencing positive pricing overall particularly within U.S. wholesale which was up 2.1% and U.K. retail was up 1%. The recent rate trends we are seeing in our own internal data were further validated by responses to our annual internal pricing survey which indicated global PC pricing as down about 80 basis points in 2017. Further our midyear internal rate survey showed almost two-thirds of the respondents expecting no significant change in pricing for the rest of the year. So in the end up a point or down a point this is effectively a stable pricing environment. Second, let me talk about brokerage merger and acquisition growth. We completed nine tuck-in acquisitions this quarter at a weighted average multiple of about 7 times EBITDAC. The average size of the 9 tuck-ins we completed in the quarter was $3.5 million of annualized revenue. As I look at our internal merger and acquisition report our pipeline remains full. I see about $250 million of revenue associated with around 40 term sheets either agreed upon or being prepared. Not all these transactions will close, but we believe we have the right mixture of culture, service capabilities, niches and tools that will continue to attract talented independent sales and consulting professionals to our organization. As I do every quarter, I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professional. Third, I want to spend some time on our productivity and quality. Last month the entire senior leadership team was in London. Now that our large merger integration is essentially behind us the focus was on the opportunities ahead for our U.K. operation. By leveraging our centers of excellence, streamlining the back office, becoming more efficient on small business and standardizing process, we should be able to increase our margins, improve quality and delivery sustainable organic growth. It's an exciting time for our U.K. team. So to wrap-up the brokerage segment, the team posted 9% total adjusted revenue growth and 4.2% organic. Adjusted EBITDAC growth of 11% and adjusted EBITDAC margin was 31% up 51 basis points over second quarter 2016, so really strong results sitting here at the half way market for our brokerage team. Next, I would like to move to our risk management segment which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Second quarter organic growth was 5.6% and reflects excellent organic growth domestically and internationally. The team has notched a number of new business wins this year across all segments and geographies many of which were directly with insurance carriers. In terms of merger and acquisition growth, our risk management team completed two acquisitions in the quarter one in New Zealand and the other in the U.K. Both of these new merger partners have unique capabilities that will increase and help round out our service offerings in these respective geographies. Risk management adjusted EBITDAC margins showed about 10 basis points of year-over-year improvement and fell within our expected range for the quarter at 17%. The team has done really a fantastic job managing headcount as the segment was experiencing lower levels of organic growth over the past couple of quarters. Lastly culture, our culture is the key differentiator of our company and we are constantly looking for the right people to join us whether through new hires, mergers and acquisitions or internship program. In August, we will conclude our 52nd year of the Gallagher summer internship program. This extensive two month program for over 300 young men and women is an essential investment in our future and is forming a rock solid foundation for our culture for many, many years to come. Okay, an excellent quarter, a great half for the year, I will stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Like Pat said, a really terrific second quarter and first half of 2017. This morning my comments are going to cover some modeling items using the CFO commentary document that we posted on our investor website as well as my typical commentary and margins, clean energy, M&A and cash and capital management. Okay first page 2 of the CFO commentary. You will see that most all of the second quarter 2017 actual numbers came in very close for the estimates that we provided during our June 13th Investor Day. In addition, you will see that our third and fourth quarter commentary is right in line with what we provided in June also, so really no new news on page 2. Next please turn to page 5 of the CFO commentary to the table showing you roll-in revenues from M&A. During our June 13 IR Day we provided our updated estimate of $43 million of roll-in revenues. Now we posted right about that number 42 million. However, it looks to us like [indiscernible] consensus was about $50 million with some having a much wider range around that number. While $8 million of difference to the consensus isn't a huge number, it does cause about a penny of difference in EPS. We fully understand that making an estimate for roll-over revenues is a difficult pact. So we will continue to provide an update towards the end of each quarter during our quarterly IR meeting. Meanwhile please take a few minutes extra when you are updating your models between now and then. Okay let’s move back to the earnings release and some comments on the brokerage segment margin. Adjusted brokerage EBITDAC margin expanded 51 basis points in the quarter. Nearly all of our operating units around the world held or improved margins and nice healthy results reflecting strong operational discipline. Natural question might be why did adjusted margins expand a 120 basis points in the first quarter and 2.7% organic, net expense 51 basis points and 4.2% organic here in the second quarter. It has to do with our seasonality and the roll-in of M&A. First is understanding that our second quarter is by far our highest margin quarter at 31%, first 24.6% in the first quarter. Second, to understand that the tranche of mergers that are moving in this year do not have the same second quarter seasonality. In fact this tranche of M&A rolling in is posting about 25% margins both in the first and second quarter. Accordingly, they didn't really impact margins in the first quarter and overall we were at 24.6%. But here in the second quarter, when overall we're poking 31%, they do bring down margins. If I were to levelize for this in the second quarter, we would have posted about 80 to 90 basis points on margin expansion here in this second quarter. I hope that answers the natural question that might arise. Now, looking forward. Last year, the brokerage segment adjusted margins were 27.9% in the third quarter and 25.8% in the fourth quarter. Again you can see some seasonality there and we posted about 20 to 30 basis points of margin expansion last year in those quarters over 2015. That expansion came on organically about 3.5% in each quarter. So, this year we're targeting similar margins in the third and fourth quarter, so please don’t model much of any margin expansion in the second half. Now, let's move to our risk management segment. We posted adjusted EBITDAC margin of 17%. As Pat mentioned, the team did a great job of controlling the headcount as we move past a lower period of organic growth, which but it still resulted into margin expansion here in the second quarter. We continued to see margins for the full year in the range of 17% to 17.5%. Let's turn to clean energy. With a warm June, we had a great second quarter and our earnings came into the high end of our estimate. You can see on page 3 of the CFO commentary that if we hit the midpoint of the full year range, it will be a nice step up in 2016 but also I have to say we all understand that weathers going to impact those estimate. A cooler summer or a warmer early winter can move our estimates by a million. At June 30, 2017, we have about $550 million of tax credits on our balance sheet. Effectively a $550 million receivable from the government. This assets will reduce our future cash taxes paid for many years to come, even with or without tax reform. Next, M&A. we're still seeing fair pricing on tuck-in merger. With a weighted average multiple through June 30 of below a time, it shows that merger partners are choosing Gallagher because they value our capabilities and our culture and they know that we will be better together. When I look at our pipeline I see similar pricing for the rest of the year. Finally, cash. At June 30, we're pushing $300 million or pushing up towards $300 million of available cash on our balance sheet. Combined with a debt offering announced in June, it looks like we can fund it 2017 M&A with free cash in debt. So, those are my comments, outstanding organics, solid execution and our tuck-in M&A program, excellent operational discipline and margin expansion at a strong cash position. A terrific quarter and terrific half on all measures. Thank you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. And operator, we're ready to open up for questions, hopefully some answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question on is just on the organic outlook just combined with a broad I guess more color on the market. As you think to the back half of the year to hit your full year target would imply maybe just a little bit of a step-up in the first half of the year. As you think about that, how are you thinking about organic, internationally should it remain as strong as we saw in the second quarter. And then, also what are you seeing on exposure growth in the U.S. but also around the world?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, as it relates to organic internationally, I'm pretty bullish. We got rate improvement in New Zealand and Australia, those businesses are doing very well. We've got positive organic in Canada and the U.K. at a level that's greater than the United States. In the U.S. is in very nicely positive organic. So, I feel the 2017 should look and feel a lot like 2016.
Elyse Greenspan: And then what about exposure growth?
Patrick Gallagher: Exposure growth is interesting. It's not having much impact yet. When I look at the worldwide employment figures, I keep wondering when exposure is going to show some nice shoots but it has an impact that is by more than a percent.
Elyse Greenspan: So, the exposure growth does start to pick up, that would be additive to your debt and close outlook?
Patrick Gallagher: Absolutely.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then, you guys in the commentary pointed to flat margins in the brokerage business for the second half of the year. I guess, if you continued hit, say about 3.5% organic, I know there are some of those acquisitions Doug, that you pointed to coming in but why won't you be able to expand margins or is it just a matter of some investments. I know that you've spoken about in the past that you're making on within the company?
Doug Howell: Yes. Historically in the second half of the year, margins expansion has not been as much in the first half. Thus far year-to-date we're up 84 basis points. We're in a similar position last year this time we brought it in right around 50 basis points for the full year. Part of the reason for that is we typically give our reasons during the second half of the year. Those will be coming in, so that does have a little bit of a -- it keeps margins from expanding as much because that's when we give the raises and then we see the result of that as what's full there. So, basically like we're saying, this year feels a lot like last year. If we end at 35 for the year, if we end up with just a little bit of margin expansion in the third and fourth quarter, we'll bring it in somewhere around 50 basis points of margin expansion on 3.5% organic growth. That's pretty much so how the model work.
Patrick Gallagher: Also, in September, typically when we bring our into our new hire's on.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of the weighted average share count went up a little bit in the quarter. Is that due I think last quarter you pointed out the stock comp accounting I think has a weight as your share count. Am I thinking about that correct, is there something else going on there?
Doug Howell: Yes. Let me clarify in that. It really doesn't, this stock option the new stock option accounting produces a little bit of a gain in the corporate segment that used to go through, it goes with the P&L now, it used to go through other comprehensive income. It doesn't really impact the number of shares outstanding. The reason why shares are creeping up a little it right now is we do have -- we did have more stock option exercises in the first half of the year. So, that puts more shares out of the market. Our employee stock purchase plan puts them out into them. So, that increases it. We did use some shares in M&A this quarter in tax reexchange. So, that puts it out but recall we purchased those last year. So, I think we're still above flat when it comes to shares purchased last year versus those years we've issued an M&A. So, we're pretty bottom. So, that's the three pieces that caused the slight creep from I think we're at a 181 million last quarter and we're pushing a 182 million this quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. Thanks very much for the color.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi there, thanks, good morning. Actually it's Mike Phillips sitting for Kai Pan this one. Good morning, everybody.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Mike.
Unidentified Analyst: Question on -- good morning. Supplemental continued to commissions as they grew pretty well in the quarter. I guess, just of your outlook on there for the second half of the year how that varies by quarter and seasonality. And then how much did that impact the margin growth in the quarter?
Doug Howell: Yes, all right. First and foremost, the different three ways in supplemental I've always said is kind of it's a blurry line between that. So, I wouldn't read too terribly much into the fact that it grew 10% year-to-date in base of that pack 3% and there is some blurred lines there. I think that continue commissions of the one that there really kind of have a little bit more impact to the bottom line and they're up 2.7% in the year-to-date. So, it does have a little impact on margin expansion, maybe 10 or 15 basis points by the time you look at after compensation elements that are associated with that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, thanks. And then I guess second one just more broadly. What impact do you think will have on you guys of the USO and Wells Fargo deal, I guess acquisition activity and maybe organic growth as well?
Doug Howell: Well, I mean I wouldn’t comment on what it'll do for organic growth. But whenever there's change in the business and people are looking for another place to maybe rest their head, we try to provide a pretty nice house.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, no major impact. I guess lastly, on clean coal with its sunset coming. Just refresh us again on your view of the prospects for tax reform and kind of what you're pursuing other tax wedded fields to keep your cycle tax rate down.
Doug Howell: Great question. I don’t really have any views on tax reform at this point. I think it's a crap shoot anyway you look at it. I think that regardless what happens, we have generated a substantial amount of credit carry forwards, 550 million of them. We'll use those going into the future. We can produce new credits all the way through 2021. By the time we get to that in the current tax environment with our current balance sheet, I don’t think there will be a paying meaningful taxes in the U.S. until late in the 20's. What do we have wind up between 2025 and 2030 for further reductions and taxes, I don’t know at this time. But we've been very good over since the history of Gallagher build always find some new tax credit strategy. So, we'll see how the, that's something we'll start working on in 2022.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks, very much. I appreciate it.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Mike.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: Just a couple of different questions. Did I hear correctly, did you say U.S. wholesale rates were up 1% to 2%?
Doug Howell: On professional lines.
Adam Klauber: On professional lines, okay. Well, in wholesale, what's the just generally the ballpark the level of submissions and how does that compare to a year ago?
Patrick Gallagher: Submissions were up nicely, probably up 3%, 4%. Finding continues to hit ratio, continues to be pretty significant. And the business is very, very healthy.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then how about the benefit business, is that growing more or less in the overall U.S. retail business?
Patrick Gallagher: A little bit more.
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Doug Howell: Yes. Not measurably more, I mean, maybe just 4.5 this quarter versus 4.2 all in.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then I think you mentioned exposures are doing generally okay. How about audit premiums, are those more a tail wind today than a year ago?
Patrick Gallagher: No, they're not a tail wind, it's kind of flattish. That's why the, that's kind of the quandary. We're seeing employment figures look strong and I see that globally and yet we're really not seeing payrolls jump and we're not seeing sales jump. So, it's the audits are kind of flattish.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks, that's all I had.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Arash Soleimani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Arash Soleimani: Hi, thanks.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Arash Soleimani: Good morning. Couple of quick questions. I know you had mentioned that $250 million pipeline and the brokerage M&A, within the risk for Gallagher Bassett I think you said that you had recently hired a full time M&A person and you didn’t have a full time person in that capacity before. I'm just wondering how should we think given that how should we think of the pipeline there.
Doug Howell: I don’t know if we actually said there's a full time person inside a Gallagher Bassett. I have a team of folks that are really good about looking for opportunities. I remember in Gallagher Bassett, what we're looking for is geographic expansion and where our multinational clients we want to have us have places to do business. That's one thing we look for. The other thing is there are some nice specialty claim related businesses out there that can round out our product offering and offering to our client. Those are the two types of things that we're looking for there. And so, but it’s Gallagher Bassett provides a full array of services. So, those are they are out there but there is not an abundance of them.
Patrick Gallagher: And you're not going to see the level of activity out of Gallagher Bassett that you see in a brokerage unit. The brokerage, the brokerage world is incredibly fragmented, it's virtually huge and the opportunities are limitless.
Doug Howell: And that's not a business where we're just trying to acquire people for our customer list. We do really well on competing every day for that type of business organically. So, just to be able to pick up scale through a customer list is not something that's all that interesting to us.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. That's helpful, thanks. And my other question is, and within your interim program, how many of those interims typically come on full time?
Patrick Gallagher: So, you take, we are 300 instance this summer and the split between people who finished their sophomore year in college and people who finished the junior year. And the juniors are probably will be something on the order of a 100 out of that 300. So, they're going back for their senior year, we'll probably recruit of about 80 of those. There will be starters in September of 2018. And by the way, five years later we'll have 80% of those still with us and 20 years later we'll have 80% of those.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, great. Thank you very much for the answers.
Patrick Gallagher: Take care.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you, good morning.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: Any change in underlying claims frequent your severity within the risk management business?
Patrick Gallagher: No, not really. I mean, claims frequency's probably up 1% and that severity has not shown any real change.
Mark Hughes: And then the medical professional liability, you talked about professional lines being up about medical professional?
Patrick Gallagher: Medical professional's kind of flat.
Mark Hughes: And then whole sale, I think you had in your opening comments that retail was above average wholesale, below average in terms of growth. Is that a change from the recent trend that it decelerated this quarter?
Doug Howell: Yes. There is that, no, it's been about this same. There is one program in particular in our trucking business that if you recall we've talked about this before that the carriers have kind of come in and out of that and so we lost our market on it. That pushes back a little bit, there's markets that are coming back into the space now when pricing's a little bit more reasonable. So, I would say that we see that it tends to be a little bit more of a volatile business than let's say our basic brokerage retail space. So, when a market comes in and out of a space it does tell you. Till the last few quarters the trucking business kind of held us back a little bit on that but still close in those single digits is good for that space right now.
Mark Hughes: And then, what did you say your available cash was at the --.
Doug Howell: We're pushing $300 million right now.
Mark Hughes: $300 million, okay. Thank you, very much.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Mark.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Crystal Lu in for Ryan. I just have a question on the acquisition this quarter. The case of acquisition seem to upload a little bit and even though the year-to-date is basically on pace as a year ago. I thought that the target is goal is to spend about $800 million on acquisitions this year. Is that still what you're targeting to spend more than you spend in 2016?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, Crystal, this is Pat. Let me address the number of deals and then I'll let Doug talk about the amount we'll spend on them. The merger and acquisition process is a sales process just like when we go out and get new cars. And these things it's not like you get to turn on this big and say we'll do six this month and next month we'll do seven. I mean, these are entrepreneurs that are selling their baby and we get that. And they're not coming aboard until they're ready and we got to do out due diligence. So, doing the number that we've done this year is still a very good pace for us. And if it accelerates a little bit in the second half great and if it slows down a little bit that's fine too. We want to get the right partners on the boat and we're not just trying to do deals.
Doug Howell: No, I think from cash flow standpoint we do still see ourselves spending $700 million to $800 million on deals this year if they -- if depending on the pipeline develops the way we think it will, we still see a lot of deals in that sub eight multiple range that we really like tuck-in acquisitions. And if it's a little lower than last year, it wouldn’t be by much, if it's a little more than last year, it wouldn’t be much either. And triply if we ended up with a situation where we didn’t have so much, may we buy stock back with that, would have to look at what our pipeline would be for the first quarter. And remember, the one thing to remember is that historically our first half of the year is slower when it comes to M&A in the second half of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, that's helpful. And the one other question was, I've noticed as sum of the margin expansion this quarter came from headcount control. Is this part of something that is a broad initiative that's happening across the company that you think will continue to the rest of the year or is it just something that happens periodically just one time?
Doug Howell: Now, we've actually had nice headcount controls for last couple of years on that. I think as our technologies are innovative technology that we put into the middle output layer come online allows us to contract our domestic workforce with having very good success with pushing work into our offshore centers of excellence. So, that's helping us control our headcount. So, it's with the operational discipline of harvesting the hard work that we put in over the last decade become an operationally excellent company. And that's really what's happening, it's allowing us to control the headcount which is really important. If we get into an inflationary wage environment, that's a competitive advantage for us in that we've proven that our technology's work and that we can control our headcount for it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Doug Howell: And what's interesting is our quality with our customers has gone up dramatically even during this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you, so much.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Crystal.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Patrick Gallagher: I'll just make a few comments and then we'll say thank you for being with us. That's what I'd like to say is thank you again for being with us this morning. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our first half performance and I believe 2017 is shaping up to be another outstanding year. We look forward to speaking with you again in October and having a good second half. Thank you, for being with us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Adam Klauber – William Blair Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Arthur J Gallagher & Co.’s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding the use of these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and the other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Donna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2017 earnings call. With me this morning is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As we do each quarter, today Doug and I are going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. The first is organic growth; secondly, growing through mergers and acquisitions; thirdly, improving our productivity and quality; and fourth, maintaining our very unique Gallagher culture. The team executed on all 4 of our strategic priorities this quarter and resulted in a strong first quarter. Even though our first quarter is seasonally our smallest, I believe this sets the stage for another outstanding year in 2017.  First, let me talk a little bit about the Brokerage Segment. First quarter organic growth was 2.7%, all-in, with base commission and fee growth even a bit better than supplemental and contingent growth. The 4.8% organic in the first quarter of 2016 set a high hurdle to grow against this year, and I’m extremely pleased with this quarter’s growth. Domestic property and casualty organic growth was a little lower than our all-in organic, while international property/casualty was over 4%.  Property and casualty rates globally continue to be a slight headwind, but are being offset somewhat by exposure growth. Taken together, rate and exposure reduced our domestic property and casualty brokerage organic by about 1 point. So we really haven’t seen much of a change in the U.S. operating environment. Internationally, the rate environment varies more by geography. Pricing remains challenging in our London specialty unit, while UK retail continues to see modest pricing headwinds. On a more favorable note, Australia and New Zealand appear to be turning the corner into positive-rate territory. When combined with the modest economic growth, this is encouraging for our business.  Our employee benefit and HR consulting business posted about 4% organic in the quarter. Our benefit team – our benefits teams remain focused on helping our clients navigate rising health care costs, uncertainties around the ACA and the challenges of attracting, retaining and motivating a global workforce. Our offering to clients and competitive position has never been stronger as we have a winning combination of insights, tools and service that our smaller competitors cannot match. When I look at organic going forward, I continue to see an environment much like 2016. There will naturally be some volatility from quarter-to-quarter, but right now, 2017 organic feels like it will end up being similar to 2016 or maybe even a little better.  Second, let me talk about merger and acquisition growth. We completed 12 acquisitions this quarter at fair multiples representing about $63 million of annualized revenue. As we discussed in our last earnings call, we normally see a lull in activity during the first quarter. We had a terrific start to the year, benefiting from prior year carryover and a very strong pipeline. I’d like to thank all of our new partners for joining us, and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals.  As I look at our merger and acquisition pipeline report, I see about $350 million of revenue associated with over 50 term sheets, either agreed-upon or being prepared. As I’ve said in the past, not all these transactions will close, but our pipeline remain strong and is full of small tuck-in opportunities, run by entrepreneurs with strong sales skills and excellent client relationships.  Third, I want to spend some time on our productivity and quality efforts. I’m particularly pleased that our large merger integration efforts are effectively done. This quarter, we incurred less than $3 million of integration expense, down dramatically from the $14 million we spent in the first quarter of 2016. The team has done a fantastic job of getting through this final push of integration. As our Global Chief Service Officer discussed at our New York Investor Day in December, we now are setting our sights towards sharing and implementing our leading-edge service model, developed in the U.S. with our units in the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.  While never exactly the same country to country, we feel we can get our client service model fairly consistent across geographies. Over the next 2 to 3 years, we will leverage those skills and techniques to help our global units become more efficient, more productive and also deliver the highest quality in the business.  So let me wrap up the brokerage business with these stats: 8% total adjusted revenue growth on 2% organic; adjusted EBITDAC growth of 14%; and adjusted EBITDAC margin of 24.6%, up 121 basis points over the first quarter in 2016, so really solid start to the year for our brokerage team.  Next, I’d like to move to our Risk Management Segment, which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. First quarter organic growth was 1.6%. We delivered solid U.S. organic growth of 2.5% organic, while our international results were negatively impacted by a law change in one program in Australia. Essentially, the law capped the time an injured worker can receive benefits and cost us about $2.2 million of revenue this quarter, which is over a full percentage point of segment organic growth. The law change will likely be a headwind for our international business through year-end. However, we did have a number of new business wins in Australia that should allow us to post greater than 3% organic growth for the year. This past week, our Gallagher Bassett team was at the annual rooms conference in Philadelphia. Through interactive claims experiences, we showcased our outcome-driven approach to claims management, utilizing our proprietary decision support and benchmarking tools. It was a very successful rooms conference, and the team generated an extremely high level of client interest, including over 100 new prospect meetings. Our Risk Management team also recently completed the small acquisition in New Zealand. This new merger partner will round out our service capabilities in New Zealand with specialization in property and motor classes. Luckily, in terms of productivity, the Risk Management team did a great job of holding expenses, allowing us to post adjusted margins of 17.1% in the quarter. This was solid execution by the team, as we continue to make investments in innovative tools, new products and the very best people, all aimed at driving superior claim outcomes for our clients and future growth.  And now let me speak about our unique culture. I’m very pleased that just a few weeks ago, we were recognized as one of the world’s most ethical companies for the sixth consecutive year. We’re honored to be one of only 124 companies globally to receive this award in 2017 and one of less than 70 companies to be recognized 6 years in a row by the Ethisphere Institute. Let me tell you, this award did not just happen by chance. We work hard to promote the values that were instilled in our company by my grandfather, Arthur J. Gallagher when he found at Gallagher 90 years ago. These tenants, articulated in The Gallagher Way, continue to drive our global team success today, and we believe that our unique culture is a key differentiator and a competitive advantage.  Okay. A strong quarter, great way to start off our year. I’ll stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Like Pat said, what a nice solid start to 2017. Today, I’m going to provide my typical commentary on modeling, margins, clean energy, M&A and cash and capital management. Both of my comments will be using the CFO commentary document, which is posted on our Investor website.  Let me point out a few things as you model the next 3 quarters of 2017. Starting on Page 2 of the CFO commentary, we provided our guess on the impact from foreign currency exchange rates on both revenue and EPS based on current FX rates today. For brokerage, you’ll see about a $20 million impact on revenue in the second quarter of 2017, but not much in the second half of this year. However, that doesn’t translate into much impact on EPS. About $0.01 or $0.02 drag in the second quarter, but next to nothing in Q3 and Q4. As for Risk Management, you’ll see not much impact on revenue or EPS.  Next, if you flip to Page 5 of the CFO commentary, where we show you the roll-in revenues for the next 3 quarters for mergers that we closed through yesterday. Then, you’ll need to make a pick for revenues related to future mergers that we have not yet closed. And then finally, I’d suggest that as you roll in revenues for future acquisitions that you use the mid to late-quarter closing assumptions in your models.  You’ll also notice on Page 5, and you heard Pat say that just a minute or so ago that Gallagher Bassett completed a nice little merger down in New Zealand, and we’ve given you those roll-in revenues too. And finally, as a reminder, remember to apply your organic growth pick to last year’s revenues after adjusting for FX, but before roll-in for a new M&A revenues. Let’s move to margins, adjusted brokerage EBITDAC margin expanded 121 basis points in the quarter. That’s really terrific work with organic growth hovering just around 3%. Our international operations led the way with really solid margin expansion in the quarter and the retail teams in the UK and Australia are still hard at work improving their margins over the next couple of years. Looking forward, as I always say it’s tough to expand margins of organic is in that 3%. Moving to integration, Pat said it, but it deserves mention again. Our international integration efforts are basically done. We only spent $3 million this quarter versus $14 million last year first quarter. Looking forward, we have just a few small IT projects that are wrapping up by the end of the year that might cost us about $0.01 or so a quarter. Again, excellent work by our international folks for posting solid organic expanding margins, all the while putting finishing touches on our integration efforts. Moving to the Risk Management segment, posting EBITDAC margin of 17.1% keeps us in the running for our full year pushing 17.5%. The team did some really good work to hold their expenses and overcome the first quarter revenue headwind Pat talked about down in Australia. That said, you heard it Pat say, we do have a strong new business pipeline in Australia that should help us a lot towards the end of the year. Moving to clean energy, even with the warmer winter than normal, we had a solid first quarter, with net after tax earnings coming right around the midpoint of our estimate. You’ll also see on Page 3 of the CFO commentary that we didn’t change our outlook much for full year 2017. We’re still forecasting a nice step-up from 2016. But there is a little bit of movement in our estimates between the second, third and the fourth quarter, so please adjust your models accordingly. After-tax credits on our balance sheet, effectively a receivable from the government, at March 31, we have over $500 million, which will help reduce our future cash taxes paid for many years to come, perhaps even past 2025. One thing to highlight in the corporate line within the corporate segment, the midpoint of our guidance was an after-tax loss of about $6.5 million. We beat that by about $3 million. All of the beat versus our guidance comes from more income tax benefit from the new accounting standard for income taxes related to employee stock-based compensation. In other words, we had more stock option exercises than we forecasted in the first quarter, resulting in more tax gains. As for cash, first quarter tends to be our smallest cash generation quarter, but at the end of the quarter, we had over $300 million of available cash. Our efforts to unlock our bank account consolidation efforts and wind down integration efforts are clearly working. As for mergers and acquisitions, we used about 260,000 shares this quarter for tax-structured exchanges, but recall, we prebought those shares mid-2016. You’ll also see on Page 2 of the CFO commentary that our weighted average multiple cropped up to about 8.5 times. There were a couple of specialty shops that commanded a slightly higher multiple this quarter. But as I look at our pipeline, I see this coming in for the year below 8 times, and it looks like we can fund deals in 2017 with cash and debt. So those are my comments. Solid organic, great M&A, terrific margin expansion and an excellent cash position, a really solid first quarter that sets us up nicely for the rest of 2017. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Donna, I think we’re ready to go for some questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Kai.
Kai Pan: Pat, so first question on the expense ratio reduction Brokerage segment. If you look back since the third quarter of 2014, your quarterly run rate about $140 million, pretty consistent despite you being growing your business. So could you talk a bit about how do you control that expense? And can you keep a same level here going forward that you will have natural leverage as you grow your top line?
Doug Howell: Yes, great question, Kai. Yes, our operating expense ratio and then just the absolute amount, the teams done a terrific job as we start to take our sourcing initiatives, our real estate initiatives, leveraging our IT even this quarter, our ability to go on source our office supplies contributed in the quarter. So you’ll see us being able to hold that operating expense ratio into the future as our sourcing efforts. We’re getting great traction in Australia and in the UK, using a lot of the techniques that they’re good at, we’re good at, and together, we’ve done a really good job of controlling those expenses.
Kai Pan: Okay. So even at sort of like low to mid single-digits organic growth like to be below 3% organic growth, if you can help this scenario, we’ll still be able to see some margin expansion?
Doug Howell: Well, I don’t know. I’ve always said that if it’s tough to expand margins. You don’t have 3% organic growth in the brokerage space. And we’ve done it – if we have long 3%, yes, maybe there’s margin expansion in there.
Kai Pan: Okay. Second question is on your contingents and supplements. In the past two years, you’ve been growing year-over-year about if you add them together, about 15%. But this quarter is kind of flat year-over-year. I just wonder anything that’s behind it and because it’s high-margin business was that – if they’re slowing down, would that impact sort of potential margin expansion?
Doug Howell: Good question. Last year, we had a nice step-up in our supplementals and contingents in the first quarter that contributed to the 4.8% organic. Our base last year, I believe, if my memory’s right, was about 3.5%. Our base this year is 2.9%, so it’s not all that dissimilar on the base commission and fees year-to-year. Supplementals and contingents again, geography between the 2, I wouldn’t worry about that too much. But in total, I think the step-up after last year and holding it this year was good. We still believe that there are opportunities for us, especially as we buy – continue to buy businesses to roll them into our supplemental and contingent programs. I think our relationships with the carriers are really good right now. So I see that line kind of being consistently growing. But it’s always going to be a little bit lumpy.
Kai Pan: Okay. Lastly, just quick one and on the clean coal. For 2017, it looks like you're on track to achieve 10% year-over-year growth. Do you have any sense about 2018?
Doug Howell: Not at this time. We need to look at coal consumption. We still – our plants are running well. I don’t really have a thought about that right now, Kai.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Doug Howell: Thank you, Kai.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: I wanted to follow up on some of the comments you gave in terms of organic growth. You guys printed around us 3 in the Q1. And Pat, your comments imply you’ll come in about last year’s level, which was 3.6%. So I guess, how do you envision the step-up as we go through the remainder of the year? And as you think about getting 2017 looking like 2016, how do you see the components moving forward domestically and internationally, especially as you point to the market potentially turning harder in Australia and New Zealand? And one other question on that front. Did you say when the wholesale organic growth was in the quarter?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I didn’t mention it. Let me answer the first part of your question, Elyse. First of all, over the last few years, as you know, we built a much more balanced portfolio. We’re now one of the bigger players in New Zealand, Australia, Canada and UK. So we get the benefit of that balance. Organic in the United States this past in the property/casualty area was a struggle this quarter, and I think we’re going to see some improvement there. I also think we’ll see some improvement in organic at Gallagher Bassett as the year unfolds. Our benefits business was particularly strong in the quarter, and I see that continuing to strengthen. Australia and New Zealand were strong and Canada was strong. So with that balance and really what I’m seeing in the rate environment is – when I say that we’re down 1 percentage point from rate and exposure, that’s a great market for us. Really, we’ve been almost flat with regard to rates. To some up, some down property, in particular, over the last four years has been down significantly. But by and large, we have not seen the swings in the property/casualty market over the last five to six, seven years that we’ve seen for the last 40 years. And I think that’s a great environment for our people to be out producing, and I think that we’ll have a good new business here. We’ve got a very strong pipeline. I can look at that in sales force. And the bottom line, it just feels like last year. I think we will probably do about the same as we did last year maybe even a little bitter.
Doug Howell: On the wholesale side, Elyse, first, let’s define wholesale. When you look at our program business, our program business was basically flat. We have some commercial auto in there that the markets are shifting on that. You’ve seen that in some of the carrier’s reports. So as markets come in and out, that’s flat, so they held in there nicely. Our open brokerage, I think, was over 5% for the quarter, and then our binding businesses were somewhere around 3% to 4% something like that. So we have good results across our wholesaling platform other than maybe in the program business. All-in, may be in the mid-2s.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of thinking about the organic for the remaining three quarters, do you guys have a view kind of following up on the earlier question in terms of how the growth you might see in the supplementals and contingents? I mean, they did see strong growth in the Q1 last year, but a bit more even throughout the year. So as you think about the organic growth for the all three quarters, do you think the growth within supplementals and contingents will pick up?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think it will outpace base, commissions and fees. So I think that in total, supplementals and commissions will actually contribute to more organic growth relative than how it did this quarter. Also, one of the things about organic growth, other than maybe a year or two. In last 10 years, our first quarter organic growth has historically been the lowest organic growth quarter. Not just seasonality, but in percentage-wise organic growth. So last year, about one in the case and maybe one other year in the last 5 wasn’t. So we feel as we lookout property, we don’t see as much as the headwind this year, as we come into the second quarter. Of course, that can always change. So that’s why we feel that this year, we should end up like last year maybe a little bitter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the margin within the brokerage business, I mean, was pretty – the 120 basis points is pretty strong in the quarter. From your comments, I know you pointed to pretty strong international margin expansion, but it doesn’t seem like its anything on that’s one time in nature that would potentially cause us not to see a good level of margin improvement when we think about going forward right there wasn’t anything onetime in the numbers.
Doug Howell: Not really, no. I think it’s just steady improvement. We are – our international folks are doing a terrific job of bringing the franchises together, working hard about trying to – we understand that their synergies, and there’s economies of scale and they’re doing a good job of getting after it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last question, if I may, on the deal front. You guys mentioned pretty strong pipeline there. Have you seen any change in private equity interest in the group? I know last quarter, there was you kind of speculated what potential tax changes could do to deal prices as well as interest in the brokerage space. Have you seen any of that play out? Or is it we kind of waiting to see actually how tax changes in the U.S. will take shape?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I won’t see any hesitation out there, Elyse. This is a frothy market. I mean, there’s a lot of private equity money that wants to be in the brokerage space. And every single deal that is going to have private equity competitor, it’s going to be a fiercely fought deal.
Doug Howell: But frankly, also, Elyse, those that we’re actually courting and those that are actually merging with us have decided that they want to be with a strategic. They want our capabilities, they want our resources, they don’t want to be a part of a roll-up. They’re looking to sell insurance with us. They believe that their family and our family together will be better. So yes, there’s price competition out there. And of course, that always keeps it interesting at the negotiation table. But by and large, we’re looking for those partners that want to take a fair price to come sell insurance together with us.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please go ahead sir.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: Pat, I think you mentioned that the economy – the impact to the economy exposures pretty much leveled, if I heard correctly. Are there some regional differences with some regions are actually helping with some are more neutral.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I can’t really pick out too much on that, Adam. I think probably the West Coast is getting a good lift. We still I think are still seeing some decrease in the whole energy play in the South and the oilfields. Northeast seems okay and Midwest is fine. So I think that bottom line, we’re just feeling that our customers are, the businesses are in pretty good shape. We have a Board Meeting this week and we invited a customer to come in the board to ask to meet some of the actually work with us. And he was a small manufacturer locally, about a $100 million, $150 million manufacturing firm, U.S.-based. They do fire suppression work. Sprinkler systems seems like that and he was very bullish on his opportunity, so I think I see that, when I bump into customers across the whole spectrum.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Then on the benefit side, I think so the growth area is doing well. With some of the noise about ACA repeal and obviously, change in administration, has there been any slowdown in the decision-making or just clients pulling back saying we just want to wait till we see what’s going  to happen? Or is the market – would you say the market proceeding more along normal range?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think the markets proceeding normal. Well, let’s put it this way. I don’t think that market seem normal since the ACA was instituted. 
Adam Klauber: Right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We’ve got 30-plus people in our compliance department, most of them are lawyers. And that is all around having to help our customers comply with all these regulations across the board. And at the same time, they’re trying to balance that with the problem they’ve got at cost increases, with a problem they’ve got with a war for talent. So that is right at the heart of what we do for our clients. And that there’s no stepping back from that. That’s a constant concern, and it provides us with basically constant opportunities. 
Adam Klauber: Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And frankly, Adam, the beauty about it is the small guys can’t do it, right? So we’re doing acquisitions in the benefit space. And frankly, I can tell when they come in, when I meet them, if they have met our compliance people or not. Because when they come in, to be perfectly honest, they’re cocky about the ACA. They know they can handle it. They work, went there and sitting along [indiscernible] Once they’ve met our compliance people, they’re scared. So whole different deal, they go all, which must be advising our clients on all that? So it’s a great opportunity for us. It couldn’t be better.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then on U.S. retail nicely acquisitions have picked up. How about growth in the producer force aside from acquisitions? Are you growing the force? Is it more – we always have a trained program, sorry, cut you off. Is it more from the training program? Are actually hiring from outside or both?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We’ve grown our producer headcount three ways. First of all, really excited. We’re coming into June and we’re going to have 400 kids domestically in our internship program. We’re going introduce 400 new young bright people to this industry and I’m hopeful that we’ll hire a good portion of those. So that’s number one. And by the way, that’s domestic. So if you had the additional about 100 globally that we’ll do. So we’ll end up introducing about 500 young adults to this business. Secondly, we grow producer kind of courses through acquisitions. And you guys can see that every day, every week. And then of course, we’re out looking for new people. And about 2 years ago, we started a program that the call Hire Right. At Hire Right is an effort to go out and find really good salespeople that are not in the insurance business. They can sell copiers, pharma, whatever it might be. Find people that have no call reluctance that really like to get in front of people and sell and teach them insurance. And that is going extremely well for us and is adding to our organic headcount in the producer force. So I feel really good about that.
Adam Klauber: So can you give us just a ballpark? Should the producer [indiscernible] acquisitions grow in a 2%, 3% range? Or is that a little too much?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t have a number, Adam.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Hi, thank you. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes: What about the tax reform? Any early thoughts on what that could mean for the clean coal business?
Doug Howell: Mark, just repeat your question? You kind of broke up on us.
Mark Hughes: Yes, sorry. Any early thoughts on what tax reform could mean for the corporate segment, for the clean energy business.
Doug Howell: Yes. Actually, in the CFO commentary, we republished our pro forma where we took 2016 and we ran it assuming a 20% federal tax rate. So we did that pro forma for you. We published at January. It’s still out there. We didn’t update it, but we just pro forma, and history doesn’t change that much. How do I feel about and it tax credit strategy, as I believe that the credits that we have will continue to have value going forward. I believe that – it’s a credit, it’s not a deduction. So $1 under older tax and under new tax is same. And overall even with tax reform we’re going to reduce our taxes even more because if AMT goes away, we’ll actually going to use our credits even more. So I feel good about it. I think we’ve got a good inventory of credits that have a long life on it. We have the ability to produce more credits also going forward. But remember, this law sunsets on credits in 2021. So we’ve got four more years of generation on it, but I think that, that will create an inventory and warehouse that can stretch well into the late 20s.
Mark Hughes: Thanks for that update. And then any comments on line by line you would pointed out, I think property wasn’t as much of a headwind. Anything else you would call out as being particularly strong or weak from your perspective lately here?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think first of all, the world of risk is certainly growing every single quarter. Right now, I think the one that is that gives us the most opportunity and the most concern is cyber. And cyber is a very strong offering and something that all of our clients really need. Property, as you know, has been down significantly over the last four years and now is really kind of relatively flat. Transportation is a bit of an issue. That’s really kind – it’s an issue to our clients. Those prices are going up. And then I think I’d look across regular general liability, umbrella, et cetera, et cetera is basically flat.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think and I just give you some actual numbers. If you go back to first quarter 2016, commercial property by illustration, was off according to our data here, 5.1%. And this quarter, we saw it only 1.4%. If you look at marine, marine was down 5% in the fourth quarter of 2015. It was actually up 1.7 this quarter. Package is flat, commercial auto is flat, so professional lines is flat, workers comps shows a little bit of an uptick this one quarter. So you’re kind of seeing that in the charts here where rates are that I’m not giving you quarter-over-quarter negatives, I’m given more flat or slightly up.
Mark Hughes: That’s very helpful. Then I have to ask, any thoughts on clean trends within the risk management business, if you think about the kind of U.S. workers comp business? What do you seen?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Client’s trends up about 1%
Doug Howell: Yes, our clients – our U.S. business was up 2.2% pretty in the quarter, so overall.
Mark Hughes: Very good, thank you
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you Mark, anybody else got them. Anybody else, Donna?
Operator: Not at this time. Sir, do you have closing comments today.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I do thank you. I’d like to thank everyone again for being with us this morning. We believe we started off 2017 on an excellent footing, and our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy. We will grow organically. We’re going growth through acquiring the best mergers. We will improve our quality and productivity and we’re going to invest in what we believe is a strategic advantage, which is our unique culture. Thanks for being with us today. We appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Securities Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Quentin McMillan – KBW Adam Klauber – William Blair Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets Sarah DeWitt – JPMorgan Ken Billingsley – Compass Point
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Arthur J Gallagher & Company’s Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been have placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding the use of these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and the other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Donna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. With me this morning is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As we do each quarter, today Doug and I going to touch on the four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Those are: number one, organic growth; number two, growing the business through mergers and acquisitions; number three, improving our productivity and quality; and fourth, maintaining our unique Gallagher culture. The team executed on all for this quarter and for the entire year and I believe we are well-positioned to build upon 2016’s success. I am very pleased with how the year turned out. Let me talk first about brokerage organic growth. Fourth quarter organic growth was 3.6% all in, right in line with our full year result. Domestically we saw about 3.5% organic growth in the fourth quarter with retail property casualty up a little more than 3.5% and wholesale and benefits up a little less. Property casualty rates continue to be a slight headwind offset somewhat by exposure growth. Combined rate and exposure reduced our domestic PC brokerage organic by about a point. Internationally brokerage organic growth was 3.7%. Australia and New Zealand were up over 4%, Canada up 2% and our UK and Bermuda operations up around 4%, and this is in spite of rates that were softer internationally. This is great work by our domestic and international teams and highlights our outstanding sales and service culture that does make Gallagher so unique. Our global PC brokerage businesses are working well together and our niche focus continues to provide clients with the highest quality advice, insights and solutions. Combine that with our outstanding post-sale service and it’s easy to see the tremendous value we are providing our clients. Our employee benefits business is perfectly positioned to help our clients navigate perhaps their most difficult challenges: how to attract and retain competitive workforce and also control their total benefit costs. We recently published a survey of over 3,000 companies and we have expertise and resources very well aligned to help them navigate an uncertain and rapidly changing healthcare industry. Okay, to wrap up my organic comments, when I look forward I am seeing an environment much like 2016, so right now 2017 organic feels like it will be similar to 2016. Next let me move to merger and acquisition growth. We completed nine acquisitions this quarter at fair multiples representing about $40 million of annualized revenue. Merger and acquisition activity during the second half of 2016 was a little slower than normal as several sellers chose to close in early 2017 in hopes of tax reform. This is why we’ve already closed five mergers for about $32 million of revenue here in January. Normally we see a lull in activity during the first quarter but that has not been the case so far in 2017. In addition, our merger and acquisition pipeline remains robust with about $200 million of revenues associated with about 40 term sheets either agreed-upon, issued or being prepared. Not all these transactions will close, but I feel good about our ability to attract acquisition partners in our typical small tuck-in size at fair prices. Our merger partners see our vast capabilities, believe in our unique culture and realize they can be more successful together. I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. So how do we do for the year in our brokerage segment? 9% total adjusted revenue growth of which 3.6% is organic. Adjusted EBITDAC growth of 11%; adjusted EBITDAC margin was 26.9%, expanding 43 basis points from 2015. So for the past three years we’ve posted over 3.5% annual organic growth and expanded adjusted EBITDAC margins every year. I have to give it to the brokerage team, that’s three years in a row of really awesome performance. Next I would like to move to our risk management segment which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Fourth quarter organic growth was 2.9%, a nice improvement from our third quarter and year-to-date results. Adjusted EBITDAC margins expanded 42 basis points to 17.9% as our expense discipline allowed us to beat our margin expectation of 17.2% for the quarter. For the year, we delivered positive organic and were able to expand our adjusted EBITDAC margin by a few basis points. Taken in the context of the headwinds from claim count growth and lower international performance bonus fees, I feel these results were really good results. Going forward we believe our 2017 organic growth will show improvement over 2016 as net new business wins fully make their way into our results and performance bonus fees rebound. We have an outstanding differentiated value proposition and we believe we can continue to deliver superior claim outcomes and help our clients manage and mitigate their total cost of risk. Moving to clean energy, nearly $115 million of net after-tax earnings; what an amazing run since 2011 when we posted just $4 million of net earnings. And you’ll hear Doug talk about another step up in 2017. And finally our culture. This year marks our 90th anniversary and we continue to work very hard to ensure that 90 years of building a rock solid foundation of ethics and culture is not just lip service. We believe it; we embody it; we promote it every day. And for the last five years running we’ve been recognized as one of the world’s most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Okay, I think a great quarter, an excellent year, and I will stop now and turn it over to Doug. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Like Pat said, what an excellent way to close out a terrific year. Today I’m going to provide my typical commentary on modeling, margins, clean energy, cash capital management and I will close with some comments on tax reform. First to the CFO commentary document which is posted on our Investors website. Let me point out a few items as you model 2017. First, we’ve provided our guess on the impact from foreign currency exchange rates on both revenue and EPS. Based on current FX rates we expect some brokerage segment revenue headwinds in the first half of 2017 but not much in the second half, which translates into a couple pennies a quarter of EPS impact in the first and second quarter, but again not much in the second half. Also when modeling 2017 brokerage revenues you should first adjust prior-year revenues for the impact of FX and then apply your pick for organic growth. Next you should then add your estimate for rollover M&A revenues that we have completed in 2016 and thus far in 2017. We give you our estimate on Page 5 of the CFO commentary. Finally you should then make a pick for new M&A revenue that might come from future mergers in 2017, but also remember to assume a mid-to-late quarter closing pattern. If you model revenues in this order is to get you pretty close. Also when doing your quarterly models please don’t forget that we have significant quarterly seasonality in our brokerage segment. The best place to see that is on Page 5 of the supplemental quarterly financial document we also post on our Investor website. You’ll see that we historically earn about 20% of our brokerage segment annual earnings in the first quarter, then about 30% in the second, then about 25% in the third and the fourth quarters. As for the risk management segment, we really don’t have that much seasonality other than performance bonus income. All right, let me move on to margins. Adjusted brokerage EBITDAC margin expanded 31 basis points in the quarter. That’s great work by the team as we continue to focus on quality and productivity improvements across our global brokerage business. Looking forward we still see areas around the globe of margin improvement opportunities, but please remember: expanding margins organic below 3% is very difficult to do. Also, we are basically finished with integrating our large brokerage mergers from 2014 other than some small projects internationally. So integration costs in 2017 should only be about a $0.01 a quarter, which is in line with our initial thinking from our December investor meeting. I’m extremely proud of the folks for posting solid organic growth even while pulling double duty working through integration. Moving to the risk management segment, adjusted EBITDAC margin of 17.9s above our expectation of 17.2%. This was really good work by the team and shows excellent discipline in our cost control efforts. Looking towards 2017, we still expect our risk management margins to push towards 17.5% for the full year. Finally, I hope you enjoyed hearing from our global Chief Customer Service officer at our December Investor Day. We have made truly amazing progress in improving our service quality and our productivity here in the USA and also in London. We know that those learnings can help deliver similar success elsewhere in the UK as well as Canada and Australia. That said, it will take a lot of hard work here in 2017 to be able to start realizing the benefits in 2018. Moving to clean energy, we had a solid fourth quarter and for the year we delivered on our expectations of about 15% earnings growth. Looking towards 2017, you will see on page 3 of the CFO commentary that the midpoint of our range for 2017 clean energy net earnings would be about another 10% step up over 2016. And don’t forget we have about $480 million of credits on our balance sheet, which is effectively a receivable from the government that will help us reduce our future cash taxes paid for many years to come. As for cash, we have about $225 million of available cash and we continue to unlock cash from our bank account consolidation efforts. As I looked towards 2017 two cash headwinds, integration as I discussed earlier and building our new home office building, are practically behind us. You will see in the CFO commentary that we will have some one-time move and lease termination charges in 2017 as we move our headquarters, but other than that it’s all behind us. As for stock, we used about 100,000 shares in M&A this quarter, but recall we pre-bought those shares midyear. So how did we do for the year? We issue just under 2 million for mergers during 2016 and we bought back 2.3 million shares, so net down about 300,000 shares related to M&A this year. Thus far in 2017, we haven’t used any shares and as I look at our 2017 cash flow projections, we think that we can fund deals with cash and debt. Finally some comments on possible tax reform in the U.S. While there are countless proposals, and frankly I don’t think anybody really knows what’s going to happen, we took a shot at providing one pro-forma scenario on page 6 of the CFO commentary document. We took 2016 and computed our pro forma earnings assuming the U.S. federal corporate tax rate drops to 20% and related AMT is eliminated. This is just one simple scenario but it does show that our core adjusted brokerage and risk management EPS could increase 18% and be up 10% in total Company adjusted EPS. Additionally, in this scenario please know that there would be a non-cash write-off of our deferred tax assets of about $25 million, but we like the looks of an 18% and 10% step up in adjusted EPS. We hope that you find this disclosure helpful as you evaluate potential changes, if any, to the U.S. Tax Code. So Pat, those are my comments. A great quarter, an excellent year and, more importantly, we are really well-positioned coming into 2017. Back to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Before we go to questions and answers I would like to make just one comment. Marsha Akin of our Investor Relations department retired after 36 years with Gallagher and we will miss Marsha and wish her well in her retirement. I know many of you on this call are familiar with and have worked with Marsha for years. Donna, would you go ahead and open it up for questions, please?
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for question. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Kai.
Kai Pan: Good morning. We will miss Marsha too. So my first question on the organic growth. Clearly for the full-year 3.6% is above your original sort of guidance between 2.5% and 3.5%. If you look beneath it, you look at your supplement and contingents, it’s actually growing very fast, like 15%, 16% year-over-year. I just wonder what’s behind that and should we expect it going forward?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, in terms of the supplementals and contingents, I think that’s indicative of the kind of work were doing for our clients, frankly. I mean, it’s indicative of the fact that we are growing nicely with carriers and that’s profitable growth with very good customers. And we work very hard to make sure that the carriers compensate us for the work that we are doing and I think it shows in those numbers. Also, remember when we do acquisitions, Kai, we bring in people that don’t necessarily have the same arrangements with carriers that we have and that improves those results once they are part of Gallagher.
Doug Howell: To add onto that – it’s a good question. I think that we are doing a lot of work on product development, product enhancement, analytics that really develop a better product for the customers and the carriers are recognizing that. And also I think that there is something that’s important I have said before. It’s a little bit of a blurred line at times between a supplemental and a base commission. If you look at – if we get an enhanced commission in the field that would be considered base commission. If that comes in over the top directly from the carrier let’s say to the region or to the corporate offices, that would be referred to as supplemental. But it’s basically arriving from the same behavior, delivering a better product to the customer and the carrier is recognizing that that service has additional value.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think the contingents and supplementals, Kai, will grow as we continue to do acquisitions, not at the pace they have in the last couple years.
Kai Pan: Okay. Then back on that, how much of the 43 basis points of margin improvement in 2016 do you think is coming from the contribution from the contingents?
Doug Howell: I think a big piece of that. If you look at where we are having nice margin expansion – the U.S., we are getting a lot of margin expansion from our units there. Those have done a lot of work already to improve margins kind of to the upper range. And we are getting margin expansion from our international operations too as we integrate the larger deals.
Kai Pan: Great. My last question is on the deal side. You have a strong start for 2017 and also in the marketplace you have recently saw some pretty decent-sized deals, including some potential deals. I just wonder, given that the large deal you had done in 2014 is fully integrated, does that change your, like, outlook or appetite for acquisitions going forward?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, Kai, what we are seeing in the pricing environment, for larger transactions that would either be considered a platform transaction or the selling out of a rollup, those multiples are at levels we don’t like. And so we would certainly not shy away from a large deal if we thought we could price it and if we thought the culture fit, but we are very happy with the deals in our pipeline now which are very much in line with what you saw in 2016.
Doug Howell: There is nothing in our pipeline right now that I would view as a larger deal.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Correct.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much for all the answers. Good luck.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Elyse Greenspan: I was hoping to spend a little bit more time – just some color on the organic. The pickup that you guys saw in Australia and New Zealand this quarter really just about – you said that was above 4%. Was there anything there, I guess, that would cause you to think that that might not continue when we think about 2017? And then just in your outlook for 2017, I guess, how do you see the organic components domestic versus internationally? Do you think that they will both maintain at about 3.5% growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think, as you saw in my formal comments, we think 2017 all in will look like 2016. So I’m hoping that we can maintain greater than 3% as you roll it all together. Australia and New Zealand just had a terrific year. I think we shared with you that Australia, when we did the large deal in 2014, had a base commission and fee that was actually declining. It was declining a small amount but was in fact in negative territory. New Zealand has always been in very positive territory. Our team in Australia is done a terrific job over the last two years and we are now in positive territory in Australia and New Zealand continues to kill it. So I think again, when you average that back into what’s happening domestically, I’m pretty comfortable hoping that we stay in the 3.5% area.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. And then in terms of the margin outlook, I know you guys said today what you historically say about 3% or so organic and you can expand your margins. So you are pointing to about 3.5% organic or so for 2017. And then I know you guys have spoken about your efforts to improve some of your international margins just away from the organic as you integrate some of those larger deals. So as we think about the potential for margin expansion can we think about it coming from, A, just exceeding the 3% organic level and then, B, some of the improvements to the international operations? And how do you just kind of see that all coming together in 2017?
Doug Howell: Right. Good question. I think the margin expansion, it’s going to be both. I think organic over 3% will contribute some. And I think as we do some of our improvement efforts, we’ve talked about improving efforts in Australia. There’s a little bit in Canada and in our UK retail space. If you look at those businesses they are all still in the lower- to mid-20%s when it comes to margins, so we have maybe 3, 4 points on each of those businesses. Australia remember is a $100 million business; Canada is a $100 million business; and our UK retail space is a $350 million business. So you add 3 points on that on maybe $500 million of revenue there might be $15 million more margin lift opportunities there. And then if you have organic over 3% you might be able to harvest maybe 40% of that, 35% of that of the incremental amount, but that’s really the nature of the margin expansion that we are seeing here. Again, we’ve got some nice continuous improvement efforts that we are doing that might bear some fruit in 2018, but that’s the dimension of margin expansion that we are seeing in this environment right now.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then just one last question. You did point to the pickup in deal activity in the first quarter and multiples seem about in line with what you saw in 2016. Are you seeing I guess some sellers potentially either looking for higher multiples, or waiting just given the uncertainty around the U.S. corporate tax reform?
Doug Howell: Yes, there’s two things. There’s an interesting dynamic there. I think that the sellers that really are interested in staying in the business want to do the right thing for their employees, continue to work hard and sell insurance and really recognize our capabilities. They are really looking at – they are willing to sell for fair multiples. And what I mean by fair is somewhere between 7 times and 9 times. When you’re looking for someone that’s really interested in taking the money and running there’s multiples out there they can get a lot higher than that. So what we are doing is we are looking for folks that have good agencies, good brokerages; they know how to make money already; they’ve got nice margin; they are interested in staying in the business. And they understand – and Pat uses this all the time – that 1 plus 1 can equal 3, 4 and 5. And that’s the folks we are looking for. But there is pressure on pushing multiples up out there. But there’s – we are trying to do 60 deals, nice tuck-in deals a year. There’s 60 folks out there that we are better together than what they are independent. So that’s the folks we are looking for and the pipeline is full of them.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And I think Doug hit on it. The pipeline, it never ceases to amaze me just how incredible this business is. One source estimates there’s 30,000 agents and brokers in America. And if you think about that, in business insurances number 100 last year did $25 million in revenue. So somehow there’s possibly 29,900 firms that are smaller than $25 million. And most of these firms have baby boomers at the helm. So there is no shortage of opportunities for us to find great people. I call every one of these merger partners and, I will tell you, they are all excited to come aboard because I call it the candy store. Once we let them in the candy store they know they’ve got a lot more to sell.
Elyse Greenspan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning, Doug, Pat, Ray. And I’m really sad that Marsha is not on the call, but...
J. Patrick Gallagher: She’s listening – I know she’s listening.
Josh Shanker: All right, all right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Give her a shout out, she’ll love it.
Josh Shanker: We love her. But – so three questions; they are all kind of interrelated. One, how does strong dollar affect your ability to make acquisitions in the newer regions that you are in? Is that a positive? Do people want dollars or Gallagher shares? Two, I noticed the acquisitions so far done in 2017 appear to have been done for cash, not stock with you going back and buying back the stock later. I’m wondering if the appetites are changing. And three, there’s a lot of news out there about USI coming up for sale. Just wondering how USI’s appetite differs from the type of stuff that you write and whether or not USI in the hands of a different owner is a different threat to the Gallagher model?
Doug Howell: Let me talk about the strong dollar – well let me hit cash versus stock.
J. Patrick Gallagher: You take one and two; I will take three.
Doug Howell: It’s great. Cash and stock, we didn’t use any net stock in deals in 2016 and we don’t expect to do that in 2017. And that would allow us to do about $750 million of acquisitions in 2017 without using shares. Now if a person wants shares because – for tax planning or they want shares, we will give them the shares and we will buy them back in the marketplace. And we have and 8 million share authorization buyback that’s on the shelf, so we have plenty of room there. How do we feel about the strong dollar? One of the things to realize is…
Josh Shanker: Well, wait, wait. Can I ask one question on that, Doug? I thought the point was that if you use the stock it’s a like-for-like transaction that doesn’t result in a tax charge. Why would a seller prefer cash to stock if they basically cannot roll over the tax loss I guess – or the tax gain?
Doug Howell: There are some structures that just – they just are not positioned in order to take that stock, so they really don’t have that tax planning strategy in that. So you would have to look at the nature of the seller’s tax position to understand that more than our [indiscernible]. We will give anybody stock as long as we can buy it back in the marketplace.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well. And those people that want stock, that is an indication of a real partner, we are happy to do that. And if we can arrange it with them to be a tax-free transaction, God bless them. But most of these people come to us with advisers that are telling them when you get the stock sell a good chunk of it anyway and so they are happy to take cash.
Doug Howell: Yes, most of the international folks, really they prefer cash just the way they are structured and just also owning – in some jurisdictions they just don’t want to own a U.S.-listed company. As for the strong dollar, yes, it does mean that we can buy international franchises at a discount so to speak just because of the strong dollar. But that’s not fueling our appetite for deals. We are not going to rush out to go do a bad deal just because the dollar is stronger. The other thing that’s great about our capital management is as we generate cash internationally we don’t have to bring it home; we have reinvestment opportunities internationally. So if we are generating pounds or Aussie dollars we have reinvestment opportunities there. It might be opportunities to repatriate it cheaper in the future with tax reform. But also if we do bring it back to the U.S., we have to pay an elevated tax, we can use some of our $480 million balance sheet of tax credits to shelter that income from taxation in the U.S. So I think that we’re well-positioned. We have the opportunity to use dollars around the world. That’s easy to move over there. We can use local currency if we want. If the seller wants stock we are happy to give that because we can buy it back in the market. So we have a lot of levers that we can pull in our M&A strategy that allow us to capitalize on the environment right now. As for USI, I will let Pat talk about that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. So USI is a solid franchise, great history. But as for them becoming a greater threat, remember Josh, we have about 32 areas that we have vertical strength. We call them our niches. And in those stitches, whether it be construction, religious and not-for-profit, higher education, et cetera, et cetera, and I can run down all 30 of them. We believe in every single one of those we are stronger than anybody in the marketplace and we don’t fear anyone.
Josh Shanker: And in terms of are they similar. And remind me, at Brown & Brown we’ve always argued everybody goes after smaller business than you. Is USI in your wheelhouse in the United States?
J. Patrick Gallagher: USI is in our wheelhouse in some cities. They are a little bit more disparate group than we are. I think we are a little bit more focused on our niches and working together across profit centers and across the globe in those niches. But, no, they are good competition.
Doug Howell: Also remember, I think that we know that of the publicly traded brokerages we are probably competing against the bigger ones less than 5% of the time when we are out there proposing. It’s this other 29,000 brokers out there that we are competing with day in and day out. USI in one city might be strong against us but in another city it might be Willis or it might be the XYZ Agency in another city. So this is a local business and I don’t worry about any one particular – we don’t have a systemic competition against one person anywhere, or one broker anywhere.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Doug is right. We know that over 90% of the time when we compete we are competing with the local, smaller agent.
Josh Shanker: Excellent. Thank you very much. I appreciate all the detail.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Josh.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Quentin McMillan of KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much guys. If I could just ask a couple of the Trump-related questions. I assume the organic growth outlook for 2017 is not predicated on any of the policies which may affect you probably either positively or negatively. But one of the things he talked about was infrastructure spending and if we talk about the niches that you guys have, construction is a very strong one. Can you give us a sense of what size that business is within your overall brokerage and potentially what effect it could have if some of this infrastructure spending does take place?
J. Patrick Gallagher: First of all, yes. Construction is probably our single-largest niche in the United States. And in 2016 that niche crushed it. I won’t give you the actual organic but it was way better than what you are seeing us with the rest of the Company. Anything the new President does in regards to infrastructure spending will fall into the construction area and will be incredibly beneficial to us. Anything that the new administration does relative to healthcare and the ACA, clients will really, really need our – they will need our support and our consulting capabilities. So when I look at what could be coming out of Washington in the next few years, I think it is incredibly positive for us.
Quentin McMillan: Right. But your outlook for 2017 did not include any of that positivity? It is just what you are seeing today, correct?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Correct.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the Trump stuff is – there is a thought that the interest income deductibility could go away and a two-part question for that. One, you guys have some leverage on the balance sheet. What could that mean in terms of an EPS hit? And then secondly, in the M&A arena, PE funds obviously use a ton of leverage to do these deals, so it could have a pretty negative impact in terms of their business model. What do you see the impact of that playing out in terms of the multiples in the space and the competition for M&A longer term?
Doug Howell: I think the competition would become less fierce when it comes to using leverage to borrow and buy brokers, so I think that would be helpful for us. What’s the impact of a lost interest deduction to us? Basically you can compute that if you go to page 6 of the CFO commentary – is we are getting an income tax benefit of $45 million right now. If that one away we would just use more of our tax credits. So the cash taxes paid wouldn’t change that much for us. So it wouldn’t cause a big negative. It might have a GAAP impact but we would use that warehouse of credits that we have on the balance sheet to pay those taxes.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And Doug hit on the PE model, Quentin, you are absolutely right. That model absolutely needs the interest deduction to work. The PE firms have driven multiples up. I lived through this once before in my career and that was when the banks decided that the brokerage business was flavor of the month. And every time we would compete, a bank would be 3 to 5 multiple points higher than us and so they drove prices up. We basically did fewer deals. And when the banks got their belly ache going and decided it wasn’t flavor of the month anymore, multiples came down and we did great.
Quentin McMillan: Perfect. If I could sneak one more in just about Chem-Mod. The midpoint of the guidance is, Doug or Pat, I forgot who mentioned, it’s about 10% up for next year versus 10% to 15% this year. Just wondering, now that mostly all the plants are online, should we continue to expect sort of a similar type growth rate? Or is the business sort of in steady-state at this point and we are not likely to see earnings growing much past this into 2018 and beyond?
Doug Howell: Good question. We do have a couple plants that we can put in place in 2017 that could start generating in 2018 that could cause a step up. You would also have to look at utilization of coal for 2018 and beyond, would influence that. If the Trump policies to favor coal are successful you could have coal plants actually producing more, so that would cause a step up again in 2018 but it would be modest. So new plants could cause a step up. It’s a small plant wouldn’t have a big impact, but for a large plant it could have another step up. But wouldn’t expect much more after the step up here in 2017.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. Great. Thank you so much, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Quentin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Good morning guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: A couple different questions. Number one on exposures, are exposures running better say now in the last six months than the first six months of the year? And any thoughts on exposures coming into 2017?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Exposures are up a little bit stronger in the second half than they were in the first half and by that I’m talking basis points; I’m not talking percentage points. And I think that 2017 will see a continuation of that. I had a customer in just last night – I spent a good bit of time with the customer yesterday afternoon. And he is a midsize manufacturer locally here – very locally; I can look at the window and see his plant – and he had 22% growth last year organic. So that’s stronger than our base customer but that was pretty positive.
Adam Klauber: Right. That’s good news. Similar question on the wholesale submissions. How are they running today versus a year ago?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Stronger. I think as we have expanded RPS; as you know RPS, the largest MGA in the country, plus it’s one of the largest open-market brokers and one of the largest program managers. The program side was a little slower but open-market broking and MGA stuff was very strong.
Adam Klauber: Is that in part driven by the construction? Does that the economy doing better? What’s driving that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think, I wouldn’t give it – I wouldn’t say it’s in any one specific area. A place where we’ve gotten more activity but had a little bit more difficulty is of course transportation. But it hasn’t been just focused on construction, it’s really been across the board. Probably, Adam, driving as much of that is new business startups.
Adam Klauber: Okay. That’s helpful. And then on the deal front, there was a company, Aleera, I’m sure you saw it snapped up 25 brokers at once. Does that put a dent in the near-term supply?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. Not even close.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. And then finally on the clean energy, when do the benefits from that actually stop? Is that 2021? And what happens to that business when it does stop?
J. Patrick Gallagher: First defined benefits. The cash flows that are generated today should go well into the mid-2020. The ability to generate credits for our 2009-era plants, they will be done generating credits at the end of 2019, which is about a third of the production. Our 2011 plants would run to the end of 2011. But again we are producing excess credits today that would provide a glide path well into the mid-2020s at current rates and perhaps even longer if we get a tax rate drop to about – if you drop down to 20% our credits might go a little bit longer than that.
Adam Klauber: Okay. So…
Doug Howell: Let me interrupt just a second, Adam. I think also, this is a law that applies to solar, to wind, to other clean energy-type tax credits. And maybe there’s movement afoot that could extend those to in some way shape or form past 2021. So you might – you’ll see a step back in GAAP earnings but cash earnings will actually exceed GAAP earnings when you get out to that point.
Adam Klauber: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: I would also like to give my best to Marsha.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I know she’ll appreciate it.
Mark Hughes: Yes. In the risk management business could you talk about the claims frequency, particularly in the worker’s comp area?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Claims frequency is growing but along around about 1%.
Doug Howell: Yes. Pat, it’s – a little bit of a difference between the indemnity and medical-only claims, but the indemnity is up about 1.5% with the existing client base, so not new growth but thinking of it as these same-store sales. Indemnity is a little bit higher than that. But when you bring in the medical-only claims it’s right around 1% overall.
Mark Hughes: How does the trend look compared to say three or six months ago?
Doug Howell: Three to six months ago it’s probably about the same. If you remember, Mark, if you go back two years ago it’s probably down a point to a point half.
Mark Hughes: Got you. And then in the wholesale business, why is the program under a little bit of pressure? Is that competition that is slowing that down?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, a soft market. And we lost one program underwriter.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning.
Doug Howell: Good morning.
Charles Sebaski: A follow-up on that program, can you tell us what the size is currently of the program business and whether or not there’s been any change on the underwriter side on appetites for you guys or any expected turnover there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Go ahead.
Doug Howell: I think the program business is about $75 million in total revenues, but when you break down to the area we are talking about a $40 million business that – of the piece that we are really talking about here. Truthfully what happened is we got a transportation program that we moved to a different underwriter and that slowed us down a little bit here in 2016. But we’ve got – the program is back in place. We’ve got it working and we think that we could have some nice uplift in transportation in 2017 if the economy starts humming. You’ve got to move all goods and services with transportation so that could be better than that, but it’s a $40 million business for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And in that business, Charles, we are the underwriter, right, so soft markets in very specific programs hurt us
Charles Sebaski: Okay. You mentioned earlier about the performance bonuses internationally and I think you said you thought they were going to pick up in 2017 after some changeover of a state program. What were the level of performance bonuses in 2016? And kind of when you think of pick up what the general guidepost would be for that would be helpful.
Doug Howell: You can go into the risk management segment historical financial information and you can take a look at the performance revenues in the past, but basically they had been running $10 million to $15 million a year. We think there could be a rebound in that. I think this year the total year-to-date number is – it looks like the performance bonuses were down from $15.6 million in 2015 down to $3.6 million this year, so there is a possibility of a $10 million recovery on that over time. I don’t think we will pick it all up next year but I think over the next couple of years we will do that. One of the reasons why it’s down I think it’s important to understand is those performance bonuses that we lost this year were predicated on a contract that was written five years ago. And as the client stepped up their expectation of our service over the last five years, we hit it four out of the five years. It’s just the stretch goal for the fifth year was larger. So our quality actually improved and our service actually improved, but we didn’t hit the stretch milestone that was set five years ago. That’s been recalibrated. I think that as we look out we have renewed that program. We’ve got a three or four year contract with some, probably closer to four-year contract with them. And I think the milestones, as we look out into the fourth year, we believe are much more reasonable. And I think that the client would also agree that they probably held us to a standard that was pretty high. So this shouldn’t be interpreted that we missed something. The fact is the milestones were just a little too high as we guessed five years ago when we negotiated that contract. But I think the next one over the next four years we should be able to hit it all.
Charles Sebaski: And that is essentially all margin, right? I mean, it might only be $10 million or something, but it almost all falls to the bottom line, correct?
Doug Howell: Right. It does. I mean there’s management bonuses associated with it that go in there and the staff bonuses that we pay out as we hit those milestones. But, yes, you are right.
Charles Sebaski: All right. And then I guess just finally, and I am thinking about the deal side. And I know you give guidance on EBITDAC multiples. I’m just curious, if there is tax reform, does tax reform change your view of the multiples you’d be willing to spend given you consider on a pretax basis? But does a lower overall corporate moving to 35% to 20% change your appetite or multiples on transactions going forward?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think the math would say that if you move from 35% to 20% on a tax rate cash flow discounting on that you would probably have to pay a 1.5 times greater multiple on that. But I think you’d also look at the spread to our multiple would still be about the same. We are buying at probably a 3 point spread to our multiple and – but theoretically our multiple would move up too. But, yes, it’s 1.5 times the multiple – incremental. So if you are paying 7 you might have to pay 8.5 for the exact same cash, in theory just based on the math.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. Thanks a lot for the answers, guys. Good quarter, nice.
Doug Howell: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Sarah DeWitt of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Sarah DeWitt: Just following up on the potential loss for the interest rate deduction. What would the GAAP impact be? Would that be the $45 million? And if that occurred would you use cash for debt reduction over M&A?
Doug Howell: You are looking at it right. On Page 6 of the CFO commentary the $45 million would be a GAAP reduction. Again we would use tax credits, so there would be no difference on cash because we would use our tax credits faster. And would we favor debt reduction over M&As? No. I think that we would still continue to be an active acquirer of nice tuck-in acquisitions which would pay better than repaying the debt.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And remember, when a seller sells, Sarah, they are gone. You can’t get someone that wants to sell their business to decide they are going to wait a year and a half.
Sarah DeWitt: Right. Okay. And then on the brokerage margin, nearly 27% this year I think is near an all-time high. Is there a natural ceiling on the margin over time, or is the way to think about it, as long as you grow more than 3% organically there is really no limit to that?
Doug Howell: Yes, it is an all-time high. I think our margin improvement over the last five years, we are probably up 400 basis points in margins in the last five years. So, yes, it is. Is it – trees don’t grow to the moon? I think there is a spot where you can have an unhealthy margin. You can’t reinvest into the business. And what I would like to think more about is how does it – to the extent that we have additional margin expansion, what do we do in order to continue to attract good producers and provide better clients to our customers? So we talked about the opportunities internationally. In the U.S. we need to continue to provide the level of service to our customers, so there is a terminal velocity that you reach on this.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Sarah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Billingsley of Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Billingsley: Hi, good morning. I’d also like to offer my well wishes to Marsha and her future endeavors.
J. Patrick Gallagher: All right, all right, for the rest of you on the call, that’s enough.
Doug Howell: She’s in Florida right now listening to this. Let’s not feel too sorry for her.
Ken Billingsley: There you go. My question is going to hop around a little bit here. The first one is on the brokerage segment, the $18.5 million line item for investment gains and gains on sales of books of business, I see that on Page 13 that gain on sales were negative $1.9 million. Could you just explain what the $20 million in investments, or just what to look at that from a modeling perspective going forward?
Doug Howell: All right, there’s two things I think that you are looking at. If you are talking about in the P&L, investment income and gains on realized books of business, there’s two pieces in there. Premium funding income that we get on our premium funding operations around the world is in there, as well as book gain. And probably the best place to get book gains would be in the – as we adjust EBITDAC – I’m trying to get to that page here – the book gains for the year – stand by. Book gains for the year would be somewhere around, I don’t know, $6 million for the year, something like that. So your question – so now that I’m anchored on where you are. What was your question? This would be something if we decide a book of business doesn’t fit with us we would sell it off, or a producer – if we want to exit a producer sometimes we will sell them a piece of the business that they manage.
Ken Billingsley: Okay, so this isn’t related to page 13 where you have gain on booked sales for the quarter of negative $1.9 million – of the press release?
Doug Howell: All right, page 13, 14 on the press release – I’m still trying to get to where you are, $1.9 million there. Well, what we are doing – we had a gain of $1.9 million on a book, so when we get to adjusted we take reported and we are reducing that gain as we get down to adjusted because we just sold off a small piece of business.
Ken Billingsley: Right. So the premium funding would be the remaining about – just around about $16 million of premium funding for the quarter?
Doug Howell: No, not in investment income. If you look at investment income, the $16.6 million, you’d take out the book gain of $1.9 million and you would be somewhere around $14 million. Maybe I misheard your question?
Ken Billingsley: Yes, I will follow-up after the call.
Doug Howell: Yes, the rest of it would be premium funding income. To the extent that you pull out booked gains, the rest of it would be premium funding, interest income and then you will have an interest expense down in the P&L also.
Ken Billingsley: So moving on to coal. I would imagine – you made some comments earlier that under Trump it would appear positive for usage and such. But on the tax side, do the plant owners own a piece of the tax benefit, or does someone else own that. And then the question really just relates to what is the incentive and desire if regulations are reduced in general for them to use the clean coal as opposed to not using the plant in their process?
Doug Howell: First, more important, we own the plant or the facility that actually creates the clean coal – Gallagher plus our partners own that plant. So we take possession of the coal; we treat it and then we sell that coal back to the utility. And so as a result of that the utility can meet their environmental needs that they want to meet. And when – but the utility does not participate in the tax credit. They get a processed, refined coal that’s clean and that’s their incentive to use the clean coal plant.
Ken Billingsley: But if there is any change in regulations on that side, do you guys have contracts – future contracts of purchase obligations with you guys?
Doug Howell: If there’s a change in environmental regulation, yes, it could have some impact on their desire to make it clean coal. But most of our utility plants, it doesn’t cost them anything to use this clean coal to a great extent. So I think they continue to use it even if – we really haven’t had any mercury standards for the last 10 years and so they’ve been using clean coal since then. So I think they would – for the better good of society I think they continue to use it.
Ken Billingsley: Your answer there – does it cost them more to use yours, or you said it doesn’t cost anymore to use yours…
Doug Howell: No, it does not cost them more to use it.
Ken Billingsley: Okay. And then the last question was on the – I just want to talk about healthcare, ACA, your employee benefits segment and more of the discussions you may have had initially with some of your smaller accounts. Don’t know where it is going to go, but if some of the smaller accounts that didn’t have to offer healthcare benefits and there were some changes and they no longer have to. In your initial conversations given where unemployment is, what’s their thoughts about retaining and hiring people? Is it something they are likely going to continue to offer? Maybe just – I’m just curious if you’ve had any initial conversations…
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, initial conversations, Ken – ACA is not that old. You go back in time, the number- one challenge for most business people is getting the right team together, right. It’s getting the right people on the bus. If you are going to do that for the most part you’ve got to have attractive benefit offers. Now, there were very small accounts obviously before ACA that were not offering benefits to their people. But by and large the majority of the clients that we talk to would continue on doing exactly what they did before the ACA, which is making sure they had a benefits package that was attractive to their employees. What they want is help understanding where this thing is going.
Ken Billingsley: So if anything, maybe a reduction of what maybe is in the healthcare from the change in ACA, but definitely not going backwards and removing it?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t think there will be a reduction. I’m not going to give you any numbers or percentages, but when there is change in the marketplace it’s good for Gallagher.
Doug Howell: One of the things to also remember that in our practice, our employee benefit consulting and practice is that we don’t do a lot of customers that are under 50 lives. It’s just really not, we’re tend to be – when they start getting over 100 or towards 500 to 5,000, that’s where we are playing. So the number of small customers that really are kind of getting whipsawed by all this, that’s really not where we spend most of our time and effort. So it wasn’t a big practice before, it’s not a big practice now. We do it really well for a small customer that wants to use our services, but by and large we don’t play in that space.
Ken Billingsley: Very good. Thank you for taking my questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Just quickly on interest rates. Doug, where do we have to get in terms of rates at the short end before it starts having an impact on your investment income? And then alternatively what’s the risk that higher interest rates tempt carriers to be more aggressive on pricing?
Doug Howell: Let me take the carrier and work backwards on this thing. And I think on the carrier side they are still having portfolios that are rolling off at higher interest rates. And so their net renewals, as their portfolios roll it’s going to be renewing down. New money coming in to the extent they would grow would be slightly higher than last year. We are up 75 basis points. On the short end of the curve – probably going to take another 50 basis points in order for it to take any meaningful difference on our results, but it will drop into investment income at that point. You remember the days when we were getting 6% on our short money, that was pretty good. I think that was about $20 million back then. Now it would probably be closer to $100 million.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Very good. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Mark.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Any other questions, Donna?
Operator: No, sir. I would like to turn it back over to you for any closing comments.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good. I do have a quick closing comment. First of all, thanks again, everyone, for being with us this morning. We do believe 2016 was an excellent year for Gallagher and our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy. We will grow organically in 2017. We will grow through acquiring the best brokers. We will improve our quality and productivity. And we are going to continue to invest and celebrate our culture. We think 2017 will be another great year as we build on the success of 2016. Thank you for being with us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President and CEO Doug Howell - CFO
Analysts: Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Quentin McMillan - KWB Adam Klauber - William Blair Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J Gallagher & Co's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during the conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. In addition, for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, as well as other information regarding the use of these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and any other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: I appreciate you joining us on our third quarter 2016 earnings call. Before I get down to some serious business, I have to start the call by saying, Go Cubs. With me this morning is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As I do every quarter, today we're going to touch on four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder value. Those four are; one, organic growth, two, growing our business through mergers and acquisition, three, improving our quality and productivity and four, maintaining a very unique Gallagher culture. The team executed on all four of these pillars this past quarter and on a year-to-date basis. First, let me start with organic growth. In our brokerage segment, we closed at all in organic of 3.4%, up nicely over second quarter and right in line with our year-to-date organic of 3.6%. I recently returned from The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers annual meeting where I met with more than 20 insurance carriers. Based on my conversations with carriers and consistent with our own experience in data, I continue to see the domestic pricing environment as stable. In fact, rate and exposure only had a little over one point of negative impact that our domestic property/casualty renewals results in the third quarter. I also spent time with our leadership teams in U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand over the past few weeks and pricing outside the U.S. remains broadly soft. So I see an environment for us that could lead to organic growth in the fourth quarter, similar to what we saw to the first nine months of this year. Clearly that depends on our new business in the fourth quarter and you may recall we did have a very large new business month in December 2015. Let me breakdown our organic around the world. I’m extremely pleased that every single division around the world posted organic growth in the quarter. Our sales culture is truly alive and well. Domestically we saw about 4% organic growth, within our retail P&C operation up 3%, wholesale was up 1% and benefits up nicely over 5%. We did experience some incremental pressure within our whole sale unit, driven by continued weak property pricing in the quarter. The domestic casualty lines pricing remained similar to last year. Exposure units are showing some offsetting some of the rate pressure. Property/casualty insurance market remains in level where our products teams can grow organically and outperform. Our employee benefit consulting operation continues to see great new business opportunities. This business could typically grow as more in the second half of the year and it did nicely here in the third quarter, an organic growth that’s promising for the fourth quarter too. In August, we released the results of our annual Benefits Strategy & Benchmarking Survey, one of the largest of its kind, with over 3,000 U.S. employees participating. This type of thought leadership and research is of great value to our clients and invaluable when we’re showing we’re showing new prospects or vast capabilities and insights. Let me move to our international brokerage operation. As I discussed in our July earnings call, in our September 23, Investor Day, all of our operation closely are working together, with integrated sales plans and are living and breathing our unique Gallagher culture. This quarter we saw 2% organic from our U.K. and Canadian teams and similar organic growth from our teams in New Zealand and Australia. This is simply excellent work as these international teams continue to grow through a rate and exposure headwind that is stiffer than we’re seeing here domestically. Next, let me move to merger and acquisition growth. The average size for the seven acquisitions this quarter was $4 million of revenue and at an average of 7.6 times EBITDAC, putting our year-to-date multiple at 7 times. Third quarter acquisition activity was a little slower than normal, but our pipeline remains very robust. We were approximately $90 million of revenue associated with agreed upon [ph] term sheets and another $140 million of revenues with term sheets issued being prepared. On that all of these transactions will close, I do think we’ll catch up to a more normal phase of transactions during the fourth quarter. Our pipeline is as strong as ever and is full of small independent entrepreneurs, with strong sales skill, excellent client relationships. Looking forward towards 2017, we’ll continue to focus on smaller tuck in mergers where we believe we can create value by giving these professionals full access to our capabilities, expertise and resources. I want to stop and thank all of our new partners for joining us and I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. So how did we do through the first three quarters in our brokerage segment? Over 9% total adjusted revenue growth of which 3.6 is organic, adjusted EBITDAC growth of 11%, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 47 basis points and we continue to have an excellent merger and acquisition pipeline at fair multiples. I couldn’t be more pleased with our nine months result in the brokerage segment. Next, I’d like to move to our risk management segment which is primarily Gallagher Bassett services. Risk management had a nice rebound from the second quarter, with organic back in positive territory. The turnaround from the second quarter is due to a smaller impact from performance bonus income and more normal pattern in the business. Client retention rate remains strong and client satisfaction both in the U.S. and internationally continues to enhance GBs reputation and standing with new sales results surpassing prior year. Going forward for the risk management segment, we believe we can deliver positive organic in the fourth quarter and even better organic in 2017 as recent new business wins in Australia and the U.K. come on line. Our value proposition of delivering superior claim outcomes for clients will continue to be a differentiator of this business versus our competitors. Further, Gallagher Bassett is an excellent complement to our brokerage operations as it is another business that helps our clients manage and mitigate the total cost of risk. Moving now to clean energy, once again we had an excellent quarter and we’re three quarters into delivering nearly 15% growth in annual after tax earnings. Lastly, let me speak a bit on culture. I hope you had a chance to attend or to listen to our September Investor Day. Tom Tropp, our Chief FX and Sustainability Officer, discussed how our unique Gallagher culture drives shareholder value. I truly hope you can take away from Tom’s discussion; our culture directly contributes to our organic growth or distinguishes us from others in a highly competitive merger environment and hold as the basis for people coming together as a team to service clients consistently focused on doing the right thing. After the meeting we were asked, why culture wasn’t in Tom’s title. There’s a simple answer that a Gallagher culture is every single person’s responsibility and our culture continues to flourish. Okay, another great quarter and an excellent first nine months. Over to you, Doug.
Doug Howell: All right thanks, Pat. Good morning, everyone. Like Pat said, we had another excellent quarter by the team. Today I have five items. We’ll do a refresh on modeling revenues, some comments on margins, we’ll do an update on winding down our integration efforts, then I’ll move to clean energy results and I’ll end with some comments on cash and capital management. Okay, let’s go to modeling revenues. I think just using the CFO commentary document that we posted on our IR website as follows, starting on Page 2 of the CFO commentary, adjusted fourth quarter 2015 revenues for the impact of foreign currency exchange that we currently estimate at about $29 million. Remember, start by adjusting fourth quarter ‘15, not ‘16, then apply your organic pick to that number. Next, layering well over M&A revenues for mergers that we completed in the first nine month of this year; Page 5 of the CFO commentary shows that we estimate about $28 million rolling in, in the fourth quarter. And then finally make your own pick for a new M&A revenue that might come from mergers we close here in the fourth quarter, but please remember to assume a mid-quarter closing date. Following these steps should help you from overall undershooting [ph] on revenues and avoid the related the EPS impact. Okay, moving to margins, adjusted brokerage EBITDAC margin expanded 20 basis points in the quarter. We continue to get some margin uplift from our international operations, but overall margin expansion was a bit muted because we had some adverse domestic medical plan experience in the quarter, cost us about 20 basis points. It’s unfortunate, but does happen from time to time. Looking towards the fourth quarter, if we had 3% organic and I’m not saying we will or we won’t, we could hold margins flat with last year’s fourth quarter or even squeak out a little expansion. As for the risk management segment, margin of 16.8% was right in line with our expectation that we shared with you at our investor meeting in September. This is really great work by the team. With the return to low single digit organic in the fourth quarter, we see margins in the lower 17% range. Now, let’s move down to integration, we’re nearly finished. We’re about done combining the four large acquisitions we did in the U.K. You can see it in the numbers, third quarter integration costs were $0.04 this year versus $0.10 last year and in the CFO commentary document you’ll see our fourth quarter estimates for integration are at about $0.03, also down from $0.10 in the fourth quarter of 2015. I’ll be back in London in a couple of weeks and I look forward to congratulating the team for a really, really terrific effort over this last year. And also I should - deserves mentioning here. Our Canadian merger is also substantially complete with their integration efforts, so it’s a really nice work to those folks up in Canada too. Moving next to clean energy, you heard Pat say that we had another excellent third quarter and we remain on track to deliver about 15% earnings growth over the last year. Warmer weather helped us beat our forecast in the third quarter, but production might be a little lower in the fourth quarter because we haven’t seen much cold weather yet. For example, you’ll see that there’s still a lot of green in the highway or rig way [ph] tonight. And don’t forget that our production has not only reduced our current year taxes, but we have also generated $430 million of credit that are sitting in our balance sheet. Approximately, that’s $430 million receivable from the government that will help us reduce our past taxes paid for many, many years. We believe this has meaningful value for the shareholders We also have about $230 million of available cash on our balance sheet and as I commented on before, we’re making really good progress on our bank account consolidation efforts that help us unlock available cash. So looking forward, you heard Pat say that our M&A pipeline is strong. We got nice cash and nice cash flows developed. So I think that will fund our M&A activity for the remainder of this year with cash and debt. As for 2017, I see even stronger cash flows, given integration will be behind us and we won’t have real estate moves that we have this year either. So we should be well positioned in 2017 to continue funding M&A with free cash and debt. So those were my comments and another great quarter and an excellent first nine months of the year. Thank you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Donna, would you open the line for questions please.
Operator: Thank you, the call is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you very much. Good morning.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: In the risk management business, could you talk about claims volume? Was there also an issue maybe headwinds on underlying claims?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, we’re seeing some claim volume growth, but it’s not as strong as it was a year ago. We’ve seen about 1% growth in claims volume or claims activity down from probably 2, 2.5 this time last year.
Mark Hughes: And is that workers comp or is that overall?
Patrick Gallagher: Primarily workers comp and I think it - I believe the claim volume is an indicator of economic activity.
Mark Hughes: The benefit segment, sounds like you had good growth, I think you said 5%, any update on some of the exchange, additional help that client need, just some more detail would be good?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, sure and I’ve said this many times. Personally, I was not in favor for our country to - I was not a proponent of a volume care, but for companies putting the greatest thing in a room. So it’s helped our merger and acquisition activity and it’s a very, very complicated act and what that does is created an awful lot of consulting opportunities for us, our clients need a lot of help. The exchange is one of the things that we help our clients take a look at as they decide how they’re going to treat their employee base. We look really at what we’re doing from a consulting standpoint as a view of the total rewards that a client is going to use to maintain the employment of their best people. Really when you come down to it, every business is all about people and so you’ve to look at the entire list of benefits that you’re going to provide and then figure out how you’re going to actually work the health insurance into that. So exchange is popular, we’ve got probably about 15% of our clients out there taking a serious look at our exchange and the rest treat their insurance in a more traditional manner.
Mark Hughes: And one thing that the Northeast of Ohio native go tribes [ph].
Patrick Gallagher: Good for you Mark.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. First, in terms of the organic, I appreciate all the opening commentary, so it seems like you’re pointing to appropriate growth about in line with the year-to-date level which would be about I guess 3.6%, so little bit of an uptick eventually. Within that how do you see I guess, going into the Q4 as well as into ‘17, the components domestic and internationally you think - both should continue to pick up a little bit.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, domestically we’re seeing a pretty stable market which has been a stable market now for about five years, which is pretty unusual in my carrier and I think it's a very good thing for our clients. The past is hard and soft market cycle that we lived through for the last literally four years that doesn't benefit quiets at all. So today we've got a stable market domestically, a softer market internationally, so what I see is continued international 1% to 2% organic and hopefully closer to 4% to 5% domestically.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think on that year-to-date, excuse me the fourth quarter 3.6 number that you threw out there. Remember we did have a big December new business quarter.
Patrick Gallagher: Last year.
Doug Howell: Last year, so I think that 3.6 might be on the upper end of that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great. And then the 1% to 2% and the 4% to 5% that you're referencing domestic and internationally that would apply to 2017 as well?
Patrick Gallagher: I think so.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great. And then in terms of the acquisition pipeline, you did mention a bunch of deals with term sheet. How do you see the multiples on those deals, I mean I didn't notice that multiples that you guys are paying did kick up a little bit in the quarter, you attribute that to potentially a slowdown in the activity or is just taking longer I guess to get these deals fully signed. And then combined to that I guess if the deal flow does if these deals do not materialize would you guys consider repurchasing shares sooner rather I know in the past maybe end of 2017. Could that be pushed forward if these deals not materialized?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, let me be clear about this. First of all, we see three uses of our cash. And we've said this literally for the - more than last decade. The first is we're going to buy brokers. Secondly we're paying dividends. And the third they were introduced to our stock back. So if in fact for whatever reason the acquisition activity slows down and we're going to maintain our pricing discipline around our acquisition activity. Been here before 20 years ago the banks pushed prices always through the roof and we had a bit of a slowdown on acquisition activity while they were doing that. They got their ability [ph] full private equity will eventually as well, but if we have excess cash we will buy our stock back.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great.
Doug Howell: Sounds for the multiple if you look at your year-to-date, we're still about seven times, is a little higher seven, six, I don't see there is are multiple pressure out there or pricing pressure out there, but I think there's a lot of sellers out there that see as that bring substantial capabilities to them that are willing to sell at a fair price. So those are the ones that we're going to be going out. Nice entrepreneurial tuck-in folks that are willing to take a fair price and understand that together we can be better.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay great. And then one other question I noticed on the revenue head from currency did go up in the fourth quarter although the EPS impact did not change, how do you think about I guess the head between revenue and expenses and what kind of currency hit we might be on earnings as we start given where exchange rates are to say as we start to think about 2017?
Doug Howell: Yes, the uptick from our September 23 guidance and because of the further strengthening of the dollar versus the pound. We do have a little bit of a natural hedge in the U.K. because we had dollar denominated revenues and pound denominated expenses at service those revenues, so that's why we ended up with the minimis amount of impact on our EPS. And I would see right now, I don't know if the pounds going lower or not, but I would say that that trend would continue then that you could have an impact on revenues, but not that much impact on EPS.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay that’s great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Chai Goyal: Hi this is Chai Goel [ph] for Kai. First question contingents and supplements. You have grown and 10% to 20% year-to-date. So could you talk a little bit of what’s driving there?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think there's a couple things on it, I think it's a great question. If you listen to our September 23 IR Day I got on my eye horse a little bit about supplementals and contingents versus base contingent - base commissions and fees. I think that you should evaluate us using them all inorganic release combined a basin supplemental, because contingents can be a little volatile. Like I said in September, it's important for everybody to understand in one year we may place a piece of - place a policy what a carrier that has a strong base commissions and doesn't pay much in supplementals, the next year that policy might be better for the customer to be placed with another carrier that pays higher supplementals and a lower base or maybe that carrier would pay a contingents to that. We are completely indifferent and how that gets classified in our financial statements as long as we're being compensated appropriately and with full transparency to our clients. We’ve got to do the right thing for our clients first, and we can't worry about where that gets posted in our financial statements. So we have had strong growth in supplementals and contingent. And I think that's basically the carrier’s preference on that rather than paying based commissions at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so I guess one of your peers did comment that the contingents could decline as popped [ph] up your declines. So how do you see that in 2017?
Doug Howell: Well, I don't see much of a difference in our contingents be getting paid in the first part of 2017 based on our 2016 performance.
Unidentified Analyst: And have I think contingents have a higher margin, so can you quantify how much they could have held year-to-date?
Doug Howell: The contingents and supplemental are higher margin for us. How much have they affected us year-to-date, they might have help margins I get a pop in number here and look at it, but may 15 basis points something like that of our 47 basis points margin expansion year-to-date maybe a third of that came from contingents.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Doug Howell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question is coming from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Arthur Gallagher team.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel: Just curious about - Pat, we've had four months post Brexit vote, now we’ve got ability of seen how the world is changing. Curious what you think this does to your U.K. operation Lloyds as a center of gravity in that’s going to be a movement to Ireland a little bit on the margin for you in the world?
Patrick Gallagher: No, I don't think so. I think from an insurance perspective, I think it's going to be pretty much of a nonevent. Now that's early days and obviously we're monitoring all that, and I think that the people in the city of London are very concerned with what this means to the financial world, but from an insurance perspective the expertise is in London people have traded in that with that expertise for 300 years and I don't see it moving.
Bob Glasspiegel: And any impact to sort of U.K. business flow that you've seen to date.
Patrick Gallagher: No actually not. The only real impact has been the impact of the Sterling decline.
Bob Glasspiegel: Right. Yeah that's consistent with my perspective that I mean U.K. to leave U.K. becomes a little bit more painful with currency where it is, that you're definitely moving to a high expire expense.
Patrick Gallagher: I don't - I don't see, I really don't see any reason for anyone to decide that they have to move. That's going to differ by people in different industries, but when it comes to insurance the Lloyds and London insurance community was been incredibly strong before the E.U. and that will be strong afterwards.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you, wishing you a productive and fruitful and fun weekend.
Patrick Gallagher: It is going to be fun. Let's hope we win. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you very much. So I don't have to remind you little more, little less than a year ago you guys might have touch some comments that got people concerned about 2016. It's been a great 2016 for Gallagher.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Josh Shanker: Let’s talk about 2017 now. Compared to how you felt about the year ahead last year. How are you feeling right now, managed with guidance, but your gut was very concerned I think a year ago. Turned out to be probably over concerned, do you have any thoughts on the year-over-year change?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah I'm very bullish on 2017, and you're exactly right Josh, you read my sentence well, finishing up last year I was a little bit concerned and then we ended up and we haven't had an incredible new business quarter in the fourth quarter last year, a really proud of the team. And I see the pipeline we use salesforce.com I can look into that pipeline virtually all our niches are strong, the business, the new business opportunities are strong. Now we're going to close them, we’re going to close it out, but I think 2017 will be another record year.
Josh Shanker: Very good and a couple months ago I asked you about health care exchanges and you said that you were broadening your offering or you may be on discussion with a couple health care exchange that currently you don't use. Can you talk about how what that broadening is like and maybe give us some details on what your plans might be yet?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, in fact Josh, I appreciate the question very much. I'm really proud of our benefits team for how we position ourselves. I think we took a lot of heat two to three years ago about not investing heavily in the technology to create our own exchange. And what we said to the investment community and to our clients at that time is that we're consultants. We're going to use exchanges where they're appropriate for our clients and we're going to have one to two to maybe even more exchanges than that as appropriate for opportunities for clients to deal with their exposures. And we're going to remain consultants we're not going to be a product sales firm, and I think that's really worked out well force, as it were viewed in the market as helping clients sort through all their opportunities. We have a very nice partnership with [indiscernible] and we also have other exchanges that we're working with. And whatever is the most appropriate method of handling the client's exposures in health insurance we're going to bring that to the table, and I think that's the right position for a consultant.
Josh Shanker: What are the other vendors you're working with do for you that [indiscernible] doesn’t do for you?
Patrick Gallagher: Different geographies, different people on the platform, different - just a different approach.
Josh Shanker: And are they competitive module or is it an obvious thing that if client A needs an exchange we’re going to go through this provider versus client B who has these issues of obvious that they're [indiscernible] on customer.
Patrick Gallagher: Yep, that's exactly right.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming Quentin McMillan of KWB. Please proceed with your question.
Quentin McMillan: Hi, just have a numbers related question, Doug the M&A schedule that you've given in CFO commentary is great, but could you just talk for the deals that you've closed now, what would that number look like for 2017, not necessarily on a quarterly basis, but just for the revenue that's going to flow through into the next year?
Doug Howell: Let me see if I can dig that out, if you go to like I said page five of that commentary sheets sorry that here, the role over impact into next year, right now we've closed deals totaling about $97 million, so I think just what we've got in the pipeline $50 million of it should show up next year plus whatever we close in the fourth quarter will show up also.
Quentin McMillan: And as you said in the fourth quarter looks -
Doug Howell: That would be 10 months of that whatever we close this fourth quarter so.
Quentin McMillan: Okay great. And then if I could just shift to the follow-up on the contingents and supplemental commission question. Just on a bigger picture thought because I get what you're trying to get at that you don't really care how a client may be compensating you guys, but can you just talk is the commission percentage we use sort of the back of the envelope 10% if that sounds about right here. But this is the overall commission percentage when you add in the contingents and supplementals about the same more less than you're seeing?
Doug Howell: I guess I don't understand the question, Quentin do that again. Is that commission more or less if we have a supplemental?
Quentin McMillan: What I'm saying is, you're saying that the client is paying you a commission plus a supplemental on top of it would that overall number equate to the 10% whether you had the supplemental or you didn't have the supplemental it's more about we're going to get sort of a percentage of the overall premium and that percentage is held fairly constant.
Doug Howell: No I think if you have a supplement or contingent you probably get an extra two points.
Quentin McMillan: Okay great.
Doug Howell: And that's was very important. That's completely transparent with the client and they agree that we can accept that.
Quentin McMillan: All right. That's all I have thanks very much guys.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Quentin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Hi thanks, good morning everyone.
Patrick Gallagher: Morning.
Adam Klauber: Wholesale business in general is holding up pretty well, could you tell us what's driving that despite the market getting more competitive, and are the standard carriers beginning to inch in more in the last couple months and they were earlier in the year?
Patrick Gallagher: I'll take those backwards. The answer to your to the second question on the standard carriers inch in and the answer is yes. That puts pressure on us as wholesaler. Retailers are given to want to place their own business if they don't need to wholesaler, so that that's a headwind. You also have the headwind of the property rights, and I don't think Matthew is going to make any difference those rates whatsoever. So we're going to continue to face softness there. And the reason it's growing is because we're just really good at what we do and we're getting a lot more business both from our own retailers as well as people in the field.
Adam Klauber: Okay thanks. As far as the overall U.S. P&C market, commercial market seems like the competitive level is relatively rational we're hearing rates down flat to maybe 2% to 3% not too bad. Are you seeing any change in the last environment or are they still relatively robust still relatively stable?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah I think so. We see toward inflation that continues. I don't see frequency going much, automobile is a struggle, every one of our carriers as we meet with them is really shaking their heads at what's going on in the auto world. And it's interesting because what they're finding is they research their data is distracted drivers. We get everybody on their devices out there crashing into each other.
Adam Klauber: Right, right. And you mentioned toward inflation could you just maybe give us a bit more color and that what you're hearing?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, what we're seeing is, it's the classic litigation environment. I mean, I don't have a percentage to put on it Adam, but the litigation continues to grow and the cost of that litigations are more expensive.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thanks a lot.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you. Good morning.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Charles Sebaski: May I have missed this somebody asked about it before, but I'm just trying to get through I know you guys have repurchased some shares to offset some issuance, but the M&A activity to date would seem below your capacity and so it would seem like there's unless there's particularly heavy fourth quarter that there's capacity for share reduction, and I am just curious if I'm adding that up properly and in terms of your cash flow generation and what you're doing?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Good question. I think that there is two headwinds against our cash flow this year, the integration costs were still there that we recall we did some substantial moves in the U.K as we consolidate operations there and we're doing some big moves here in the U.S. as we have moved into a different Chicago base building. So those costs have forced against cash flow this year, they won't be there next year. So next year we should have substantially more capacity than what you're seeing on the surface this year. I think M&A opportunities there's tons of them there, and we are - again we just want to make sure we're picking the right partners to join us. But like that said there's $250 million worth of deals sitting on the plate right now for the fourth quarter that we can see how and some really nice success with those coming into the first part of the year. Traditionally our first quarter is the smallest. So we could see a little there, but also it depends on how the election goes, you could have a sentiment that moves against capital gain treatment on sale of the businesses, so that’s the case you could get a little bit of a rush to the door by the end of this year are certainly before the legislature gets working next - you can being in January. So I think there's a good opportunities, there's still fair pricing out there, that immense market people are seeing our capabilities, so if we have a little while right now, I wouldn't worry about it long term.
Charles Sebaski: Okay, but if I thought about you guys hear this year kind of $90 million of acquired revenue year-to-date outside of kind of the Brexit and the headquarter relocation would have thought like at that level we probably would have seen a bit more in share repurchase activity is that?
Patrick Gallagher: No I think, I think if you look at my commentary if you go back maybe at the beginning of the year we had $100 million of cash in our balance sheet. We now got $230 million something like that.
Doug Howell: Some of that over and some of that overseas, so I don't want do is repatriate that money to got a lot of acquisition activities overseas so that might be what's causing your - perhaps [indiscernible] inyour model.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then more on operational side, I know it's not huge numbers in, but it seems like the compensation expense kicking up a little bit, just curious on a more overall basis I suppose, the quarter are you seeing pressure on compensation both from like external in terms of the competitive dynamic people interested in your people other things, is there expectation that there might be compensation pressure going into 2017?
Doug Howell: Yeah, that’s a great question. If you recall back in our September 23 IR meeting day, I said that the race is typically get there are given in the latter half of the year, so some of that’s hitting us right now here in the third and the fourth quarter and then we also had benefit expense that we had a little adverse development on our benefit program in really July and August, we didn’t see that in September again, so that’s pressure. Is there overall pressure in the market place? Yes, I think skill positions are expensive, we’re going up in some of the IT’s, security areas and there’s always competition for really good brokerage talents skill. There’s a little wage inflation, we have an opportunity to continue push forward kind of our centers of excellence primarily in India and the Philippines and so we have an opportunity to maybe reduce the impact of the domestic wage inflation by continuing to move offshore to our folks over there. So we have an opportunity to control, but there is a little bit of inflation out there in the market place.
Charles Sebaski: And then finally, I recall a quarter or couple of quarters back that you mentioned that on the some of the international acquisitions that there was a pressure [ph] of bank accounts and trapped capital that you and your team were having to work through to aggregate and free up if you will. I’m just wondering where that process is and is there still left to go on?
Doug Howell: Yeah, good progress is being made on that. We’re down over 30% in our accounts and we’ve got a list of about another 60 accounts for another maybe 10% that are going to be wound out by the end of the year and then I think most of that by the mid part of next year should done. Part of that is freeing up that excess cash internationally that’s coming from that exercise, so we’re making towards that progress. I was in Glasgow, what we do a lot of that work in September and the team’s got a really good eye to get that done by the mid part of ‘17.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Charles. Danna, any other questions.
Operator: We’re showing no additional questions at this time. Do you have any additional or closing comments today?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I do. I’ll just make a quick comment. Thank you again for being with us this morning. As we’ve done all year and in the past, our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy. We’re going to grow organically, we’re going to grow through acquiring best of the best brokers, we will improve our quality and our productivity and we’re going to continue to invest in our culture. I’m pleased with the first three quarter of 2016 and I’m excited about wrapping up 2016 and delivering a fantastic year next year 2017. Thank you everyone for being with us this morning. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s teleconference, you may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President & CEO Doug Howell - CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Quentin McMillan - KBW
Operator: Welcome to the Arthur J Gallagher & Co's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during the conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. In addition, for reconciliations for the non-GAAP measures discussed in this call, as well as any other information regarding the use of these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and any other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. It is now my pleasure to introduce Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Co. Mr Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Donna. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2016 earnings call. With me this morning is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Today, we're going to touch on four key components of our strategy to drive shareholder growth, organic growth, merger growth, improving our quality and productivity which Doug will spend most of his time on, and fourth, maintaining our unique culture. We have excelled on all four, year-to-date. First, let me talk about organic growth. In our brokerage segment, after a terrific first quarter of 4.8% organic growth, we posted 2.2%. But that was marked by the loss of a large account that we discussed at our June investor meeting. Excluding the large account, we would have been closer to 2.5%. So for the first half, brokerage organic was 3.6% which in retrospect is darn good based on how I felt coming into the year, especially in this environment. Looking towards the second half of the year, I see our organic somewhere between our second quarter and year-to-date numbers. So I see an improvement going forward. Let me break down our organic around the world. I'm extremely pleased, every single division posted positive organic growth in the quarter. Our sales culture is alive and well. Domestically, in the United States, we saw about 3% organic growth. Rate and exposure had little over 1 point of negative impact on our domestic PC renewal result in the second quarter. Most of that was property which for us is proportionally higher in our second quarter. Domestic casualty line's pricing remained similar to last year, where we're seeing a slight downward pressure. We're seeing a modest growth in exposure units overall. This remains an environment where our production teams can grow and outperform. Our domestic employed benefit consulting business also posted about 3% organic and is seeing a tremendous amount of new business opportunities. Our teams are showing new prospects in our vast array of services, tools and insight that they need to navigate a tight multi-generational labor market, rising healthcare costs and increasing regulatory complexities related to the ACA. Our smaller competitors are falling behind each and every day. This business typically grows more in the second half of the year and it seems to me that will be the case again this year. Let me move to our international brokerage operations. Since our last call, I've spent a significant amount of time in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the UK. These teams are doing great. In fact, they're on a roll. After just 24 months of being part of the Gallagher family, I'm really pleased with how well we're working together, how our sales plans are becoming integrated and how our culture is thriving. All together, ex the one large account, our international operations posted about 2% organic growth in the second quarter, even with rates and exposures that are softer internationally that we see here domestically. I'm pleased that our teams are growing through those headwinds and the results are solid. As a side note, it was really interesting been in the UK and Europe during Brexit. Remember, we don't have much business at all for mainland Europe. Insurance has been flowing in and out of London for over 300 years, long before the EU was formed. So other than a possible recession hitting the UK and the other EU countries and your guess about that is about as good as mine, I don't see it as a worrisome event for us in the near term. Longer term, I think we, in the industry, will successfully navigate any potential changes to the European insurance landscape. Next, let me move to merger and acquisition growth. Over the past two years, we've returned to our focus on smaller tuck-in mergers. The average size for the 13 acquisitions this quarter was $3 million of revenue and an average of 7 times EBITDAC. So we're still finding really good opportunities at fair prices in the competitive merger environment, year-to-date 21 acquisitions which should add about $70 million of annualized revenue. We see a stronger second half of the year for acquisitions. Our pipeline is outstanding. There are a lot of really talented, independent, family-owned sales and consulting professionals out there. They have excellent relationships with their clients. They have strong sales skills. They have a very strong entrepreneurial bent. They create value by joining Gallagher, where they have full access to our capabilities, expertise and resources. I've said for 30 years, pick your partners that have a culture similar to Gallagher and look out. One plus one together does make three, four and five. I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us. I extend a very warm welcome to our growing Gallagher family of professionals. So to wrap up my comments on the brokerage segment, halfway through the year, we've posted 10% total revenue growth, of which 3.6% is organic. Adjusted EBITDAC growth of 13%. Adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 60 basis points. Integration costs are starting to wind down. We have an excellent M&A pipeline and fair multiples, truly excellent results through the first half. Next, I'd like to move to our risk management segment which is primarily Gallagher Bassett. Risk management had a more challenging organic quarter. But I'm really pleased that we proactively managed expenses and exceeded our 17% margin target. Second quarter organic was challenged for three reasons. First, as we discussed at our Investor Day, we're seeing a bit of a lull in new business inception dates. Second, we experienced fewer new claims in the final two months of the quarter within the U.S. Third, we recently learned that we're not likely to earn a large performance bonus award from our participation in an Australian work cover program, where we're one of five providers. For the fiscal year ended June 30, the program paid performance fees using 20 different criteria and several of the metrics had a big stretch. Unfortunately, we fell short. You'll see in the organic table on page 6 of the earnings release that we earned nothing here in the second quarter in 2016. We believe the other providers fell short too, but let me be clear, I'm disappointed. Going forward, we will return to positive organic growth in the third and fourth quarter. Our client value proposition of delivering superior claim outcomes is stronger than ever. In fact, we've recently renewed a big program in Australia and had two nice new business wins, one in Australia, one in the UK. Our domestic new business pipeline is solid. Let me move to clean energy. Once again, we had a great quarter. The corporate segment earnings came in above the midpoint of the guidance range we previously provided. We're well on our way to delivering nearly 15% growth in annual after-tax earnings. Lastly, on our culture, over the past three months, as I said, I have visited the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. I could tell you that our unique Gallagher culture is thriving and strong across our entire global footprint. This includes the over 300 promising college students globally learning about the greatest business on earth in our internship program. We're just wrapping up the 51st year of the Gallagher summer intern program. We believe the two-month program is an important investment in our future, as we like growing our own. So we've delivered an excellent first half of the year. The fundamentals of our business remain strong. We think the second half will even be a bit stronger. Over to you, Doug.
Doug Howell: All right. Thanks, Pat. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll do some earnings release housekeeping, spend some time on our quality productivity and margins. I'll hit on integration, highlight some clean energy items and then wrap up with some comments on cash and capital management. Okay, to the housekeeping. You'll see that we made changes to our earnings release. We did so, because in May, the SEC published new guidance on the presentation of non-GAAP measures and we believe we've now gone the additional mile in the spirit of new guidance. It makes the tables a little busy, but the punchline here is that we have not removed any of our previous disclosures as we strive to remain as transparent as possible. Also please recall that many of my forward-looking comments today, can be found on the document called, CFO commentary that we posted on our Investor Relations website. All right. Let me turn to margins which are a nice indicator, in my opinion, of our quality and productivity. Brokerage adjusted EBITDAC margins are up 57 basis points. Then risk management margin came in above our 17% adjusted margin target. Year-to-date, our margins have expanded in both brokerage by 60 basis points and risk management by 33 basis points. That's really terrific work by the team out there.  Within the brokerage segment, margin expansion came mostly from our international operations. Recall that we believe there is an opportunity to expand margins in our Australia and UK retail businesses over the next couple years. We've made good progress on that this last quarter, as our margin improvement initiatives have kicked in. Let me give you a couple examples. First, we've moved all of our transactional accounting out of London into Glasgow. Once we clean it up in Glasgow, we then ship the work into our offshore centers of excellence which is really following the blueprint that we built here in the U.S.A over the last 10 years which allows us, when we bring new entities on, to move faster than ever before. Second, as another example, in the UK, our retail team standardized core service related processes, such as endorsements, quoting and renewals across our 50 plus branches. In Australia, we've started consolidating our SME business from 25 plus branches into a few specialized centers that will focus on just small customers. All of this work has driven down our back and middle office costs. As we apropos, we can capitalize on our scale. To me, what's even more exciting is, we've dramatically improved the quality of our services and our customer experience. Every day our folks that work in the middle and back office, get up to be better, faster and wiser on how we spend money. Let me comment specifically also on integration. Recall that we did five large deals in late 2013 and early 2014.  We're nearly finished with integration. I was in the UK a few weeks ago and the efforts to wrap this up are impressive. I was in Canada in May, by the end of this year, we will have migrated nearly all of the six or seven business units onto the same agency management system we use here in the U.S.A. Second quarter integration costs were right on our forecast of $0.05 a share, about half of last year's amount. You'll see in the CFO commentary sheet that we're anticipating about $0.06 to $0.07 total in the last half of 2016 in integration cost which is down dramatically from the $0.21, we spent in the last half of 2015. So our efforts are well on track to be done by early 2017. Let me turn to the risk management segment, Gallagher Bassett. Over the last several years, we've been improving our service offering to deliver better claim outcomes. Much of the back-office improvement is very similar to what we have done in the brokerage segment. But in addition, we have improved the tools our adjustors use, such as automating manual and high-volume processes that are really necessary to do a great job, but frankly, can bog our folks down. We've also shifted nearly 1,000 associates into work from home locations. We've developed some specialized centers to focus on complex, specialized case management. These efforts have allowed us to improve our margins in the risk management segment over the last couple years and should allow us to post margins for the year in the neighborhood of 17.5% which is up from our previous target of 17%. Shifting to the corporate segment, we landed $0.01 or so above the midpoint of our guidance that we provided during our investor meeting in June. Most of this was due to better clean energy earnings, because our plants ran ahead of plan in June, due to the hot weather that hit various parts of the country. We're still forecasting between $110 million and $120 million of net earnings for the year. The first half was a little stronger, but the full year should be about where we estimated six months ago. It's also important to note that by the end of the year, we will have over $400 million of credits on our balance sheet. Effectively, that's a $400 million receivable from the government that will help us reduce our cash taxes paid for many years. As for cash, we've got about $150 million of available cash on our balance sheet. We're making really good progress in our UK bank account consolidation efforts to unlock available cash that we've talked about before. I think that we're down about 30% in the number of open bank accounts since the beginning of the year. As for stock, we used no net shares for M&A this quarter. We actually bought some shares back during the Brexit market sell-off. We'll use those shares on some future tax rate exchange mergers coming up this year. So when you look back, we haven't used any net shares to do M&A in over a year. I think we can fund deals with cash and debt through year end. So, those are my comments. I think it was an excellent first half of the year. Back to you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Donna, we'll take some questions-and-answers now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: I was hoping to spend a little bit -- get a little bit more color on your organic growth outlook that you provided for the second half of the year, in the range I guess of 2.5% to 3.5% or so given the Q2 and half-year one levels. How do you see that kind of shaking out, domestic and internationally? Then if the organic growth stays at that -- comes in at that level, do think that we could see the same degree of margin improvement in the brokerage business, that we saw in the first half of the year in the second half?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, when we post the organic growth that we posted, overcoming a large lost account which is -- the good thing about large accounts is they're great when you write them. They can make your results lumpy especially when you lose them. So that's not a positive note. So I think going forward, we don't have any of those that I know are under attack right now. So I think a return to a more normal 2.5% to 3.5% organic is in sight. As it relates to margin improvement, where we see that opportunity is again, as Doug mentioned in his comments, Australia and the UK. The little caution I have there is that those markets are a bit softer than what we're seeing domestically.
Doug Howell: In terms of margin, where do we see that? I think in that range. We've always said, it's tough to expand margins if organic isn't above 3%. If we're above 3%, we might get a little bit of margin expansion. If we're below, I think we'd be able to hold margin in.
Elyse Greenspan: In Australia and New Zealand, you said is still bit softer. But you saw in the second quarter, would you say that represented sequential improvement from the first quarter?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And very nice improvement from 2015, so those teams have really jelled incredibly nicely and developing strong sales cultures. We've always had a very, very strong sales culture in New Zealand. Australia is coming on great and the UK and Canada as well.
Elyse Greenspan: What was the wholesale organic growth in the second quarter?
Doug Howell: In the mid 2%s, domestically, remember, property is a headwind for our wholesale business in the second quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of -- I appreciate the disclosure you guys provide on the share count. As you start to think about deal flow and expectations for 2017, how do you think about managing the share count once we get beyond the end of 2016?
Patrick Gallagher: First and foremost, we have got a terrific deal pipeline, let's not forget that. Doing deals at less than 7x year-to-date, it really shows that we can still get some great merger partners at a fair price. Looking next year, I think, our cash is better by far next year compared to this year. Integration will be basically done. So we won't have big drags on that. We spent a lot of money on CapEx this year that I don't see us spending next year. So I see next year as a much better cash year than even this year. So would we need to shares in M&A in 2017? Not at current paces, I don't see that as happening.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Chai Gohil: This is Chai Gohil in for Kai Pan. I just wanted to go back to margins again. So brokerage margins expanded. You mentioned, it was savings in BI and real estate was also part of it. Doug, just wanted to get some color, if you expect margins to improve in the international operations? Lower integration cost, can it still expand in a sub 3% environment?
Doug Howell: I think there was two different things. I think overall, if you just look across the whole group, 3% organic growth is kind of the tipping point of margin expansion. But when you look at what we're doing to get better in the UK retail space and down in Australia in the retail space, there were some opportunities there. It's going to take us another year to 18 months to harvest some of those. But every day, those folks are doing a great job. What I really am pleased about is not only are they expanding their individual margins -- remember, these are businesses that are still the 20% margin range. So we're not talking about businesses that aren't making money. They're making terrific money. They're doing this at the same time that they're training their folks. They're adopting the Gallagher play book, when it comes to our sales culture. So they're working through just getting better in the back and mid office. At the same time, they're spending money in order to get better at selling. So there's margin opportunity there. But remember, these are still business that are in the plus 20% margin range.
Chai Gohil: The second question I have is, in CFO commentary, you mentioned higher FX headwinds in the second half. Is that coming from Brexit? Anything else that could potentially impact from Brexit? I know you guys mentioned less revenue impact, but any comments?
Doug Howell: Listen on FX, good point. On the CFO commentary, what we say is we've adjusted -- we see a little bit more headwind on the revenue lines from the decreased pound that sold-off during the Brexit. But we really haven't changed our guidance on the impact of EPS. If you recall, Gallagher like many other global brokers have a lot of dollar-denominated revenues in the UK that is serviced with pound denominated expenses. So there is a little bit of a natural operating hedge there that mitigates some of the impact of the decreasing pound. So it's more of a revenue headline story than it is an EPS story. Fortunately for us too is that we have so many M&A opportunities around the world that we don't need to repatriate our cash into the U.S. to have good uses for it. So even if there is a sell-off on the pound, there's some good opportunities for nice tuck-in mergers in the UK that we'll use our cash for.
Chai Gohil: That drives well into my final question. In terms of the second-half pipeline for M&A, now that the international acquisitions have integrated well, what do you see in terms of potential for international tuck-in acquisitions in terms of your overall second-half pipeline? Is it a greater share? What are the valuation multiples you are seeing there?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, the platforms are performing exactly as we had hoped. So the pipeline is built nicely in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK for tuck-in acquisitions. By tuck-in acquisitions, I mean acquisitions under $10 million in revenue, people that fit our culture and at multiples that we think are fair. So while there is competition and continuing growth in competition in the M&A space, especially from private equity, we're finding that the culture sells well, the pipeline is deep and the opportunities to expand continue to grow every single quarter.
Chai Gohil: Aren't the multiples different in international market than in U.S.?
Doug Howell: Yes, they're a little higher in Canada, probably the same in the UK. Maybe slightly lower in New Zealand and Australia.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: It seems like a little bit -- you've might have gotten on my favorite hobby horse. It's almost like you're doing a share repurchase program. You intend maybe to issue some shares in the future, but you think your stock is cheap. Can we talk about -- is that a new mentality for you to be preemptively buying back stock?
Patrick Gallagher: No. We've said all along, for the last -- over a decade, that we've got three uses for stock -- or for our cash. The first is, we're going to buy brokers. That's what we're going to do. The second is, we're paying a very nice dividend to our shareholders. Thirdly, if there's extra cash, we use that to buy stock back. That's not a change in philosophy over more than a decade.
Doug Howell: In this case though, Josh, remember what we're trying to do. If we put out shares for tax-free exchanges so that there's a way for merger partners to exchange their stock for our stock, it creates a tax advantage for them. We'll use shares in acquisition -- shares when we do the acquisition. Then we'll turn around and buy a like amount in the market to keep the number of shares outstanding flat. In the second quarter, we had some opportunities to maybe pre-buy some of that stock when we saw the sell-off after Brexit. So we picked up those shares. We'll probably use those shares as we start closing some tax-free exchanges in the third and the fourth quarter.
Josh Shanker: Do you have a mental philosophy around what would be the trigger for you to do some pre-buying? I mean, look, your stocks -- you're storing up a lot of tax credits for the future with clean coal, even though you can't use them today, you know you'll use them in the future. If you were to buy back stock right now because you see the stock is cheap, you know you're making acquisitions in the future. So what's the trigger that you would pre-buy stock?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think you have to look at the debt ratio on that. As I think that we want to have a nice comfortable, say, debt ratio. So, for us to buy back the stock would mean we've have to lever up on debt. Then use that to buy shares and waiting for the tax credits to monetize into our financial statements from the balance sheet into our debt. That's something -- we can look at that. But it's not something that's on our plan right now.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then I listened to your commentary about why the negative growth in Gallagher Bassett for the quarter. Going forward, is this an anomaly? Should we expect low -- the negative growth is not a common thing and we should probably resume a low single-digit growth for the foreseeable future?
Patrick Gallagher: I don't think we've had a negative quarter at Gallagher Bassett in my memory.
Josh Shanker: Me too, I'm with you.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. So from my chair, Josh, yes, you'll see us return to organic this quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Sorry, I missed some of the earlier comments, so sorry if these are repeats. But how's the wholesale business doing now compared to, say, six, nine months ago?
Patrick Gallagher: Our wholesale business is awesome. It is just awesome. To me, it's a corporate gem.
Doug Howell: I would say, Adam, remember again, we said on the front, property can be a little weak in the second quarter with the property market right now. But wholesale still was nicely in the upper 2%s when it comes to organic growth this quarter. So it's performing well, even in the kind of seasonal property quarter that they have.
Patrick Gallagher: All the way back at my earlier comments, Adam, first of all, we started this thing from scratch about 15 years ago, from dead scratch de novo startup. Today, we're the largest MGA in the United States. We're one of the strongest open market brokerage operations. When we started it, we had hoped that our own domestic PC branches would utilized RPS, but we also started it as a true wholesaler, open to our competitors throughout the United States. They've captured 50% of our go-forward wholesale business out of our retail branch network in the United States. That's because they perform.
Adam Klauber: And then on the benefit brokerage side, how are commission levels this year versus last year?
Patrick Gallagher: The commission levels on the small accounts are a struggle. I think that we see that with the mandated loss ratios in the smaller area, that they're squeezed. But remember, our benefits business is a consulting business. Yes, we get commissions, but it's negotiated as a fee. So if we're not receiving commissions on an account and we need a fee to do the work, we charge it as a fee. We're very, very successful at getting the remuneration we deserve in that business.
Adam Klauber: So is the benefit brokerage business, has that grown more or less than the average retail business?
Doug Howell: Honestly, it grew the same this quarter. In the front-end of the comments, we said it grew about 3% this quarter which is the same as our domestic retail. We also said in the commentary, it tends to grow a little better in the second half of year which is natural, as customers look at further year-end benefit planning.
Patrick Gallagher: Also, I'd point out that an awful lot of activity on the M&A side there, Adam. We've got really, really good M&A pipeline in the benefits business. For all the reasons you would imagine. The ACA is extremely complicated. The brokers that have really nice accounts, 500 lives to 1,000 lives, right in our sweet spot, are lining up to join our enterprise for all kinds of reasons, a lot of which is just the ACA is too difficult to deal with.
Adam Klauber: Right, okay. And then, sorry if you mentioned this also, how is growth in Canada going?
Patrick Gallagher: Really good, very pleased. Organic -- it's a little softer market up there, so organic around 2%. But we had seven separate brands when we bought Noraxis. Those brands are all Gallagher now. I was up there in May for a better part of a week, had a chance to interact with a whole bunch of the team. I will tell you that the interaction between those brands together and then their relations with their brethren in the United States and the UK is outstanding.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: You had referred I think to a slowdown in claims activity within the risk management business. Did I read that correctly? Was that in worker's comp? Was that somewhere else?
Patrick Gallagher: Primarily, workers compensation in the United States which by the way is a good -- you can't sit and complain about slower claim growth, right? For our customers, that's a good thing. It can be an indicator that the economy is slowing a bit, because typically when you're putting on more shifts there is more claim activity. But this is not unusual -- from time to time, Gallagher Bassett will see loss control works better, clients are working very hard to cut the number of claims, we're helping them do that.
Doug Howell: It's interesting, because June was kind of the month that looked like a little bit of out of pattern number of new horizons. Went back and take a look and there are some times, we're just -- once every 22 months or something, you get a slow month. So I wouldn't consider it a trend necessarily, but it is something will keep an eye out in. As July comes in and August comes in, we'll get together again and we do an investor event in September. We'll update you on it. But we've had these patterns before, where just some months, the claims just don't show up.
Mark Hughes: And then, Pat, I wonder if you could prognosticate the casualty pricing, flat to down. How much longer do you think it remains flat here?
Patrick Gallagher: I've got to tell you, I give a lot of credit to the management teams of our major insurance companies. It's softer, as I said earlier, in New Zealand and Australia, Canada and the UK, especially in our specialty business in London. Those markets are soft. But here in the United States, we're coming up five, six years of what I would call, flat. When rates are down 1%, 2% or up 1%, 2%, in my experience, that's a flat market. In a typical hard market, rates are jumping 15%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%. In a typical soft market, they're dropping 12%, 15%, could be 16%, 17%. We're five or six years now, where that band is 1.5% to 2% up, to 1.5% to 2% down. I know that's driven by the lack of investment returns in the investment market, but it's pretty darn good discipline by the underwriting community. We saw that again in the quarter, soft on the property side. I've said this in past quarters, I think our clients deserve that softness. They will pay a price when the wind blows. It hasn't for a number of years. So the property market is soft, but casualty, rate and exposures contributed less than 1% negative to our results this quarter, domestically. That's pretty good.
Doug Howell: By the way, that's a great environment.
Patrick Gallagher: That's a great environment for our clients. It's also a great environment for our producers. When rates are dropping 15% to 20%, anybody can throw a quote out there and catch it off guard, with a number that so low that lose your client. Today, it's all around how creative can you be? How helpful can you be to your client in helping them deal with their risk management costs.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Charles Sebaski of BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Sebaski: I was hoping you could give a little more clarity on the work comp on the industry? I know you have -- it seems like frequency is down. Any thoughts for what you guys are seeing internally on severity of comp claims? Is severity down as well? Not just for this quarter but in general this year?
Patrick Gallagher: No. I think what's happening in comp which is interesting is that medical costs are escalating a level faster than the indemnity side. So what you've got is kind of a shift. Severity is remaining about the same. Return to work is really, really critical. But it's all about the medical costs including pharma that is something that everybody's concerned about.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then you've made some comments about the discipline from the underwriter side. Just curious, you're take as well. There's been a lot of supposedly disruption with some of the larger carriers, really undergoing some underwriting review in the states. Just curious if this is -- if you would call this disruption at all? If there has been any noticeable shift over this quarter or this year from some of these larger carriers? Or is that more press and us, on my side, talking about than you've actually seen on the ground?
Patrick Gallagher: No, we've seen it on the ground. We've seen it -- I'm not going to mention any specific carriers by name at all. But no, we're seeing disruption. The good news is, there's plenty of market. So where there's disruption we're able to move business. But there are major companies that are undergoing underwriting reviews. They're making the moves that they believe -- again, I give them credit. I think we're looking at domestic U.S. pretty darned disciplined senior management.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Quentin McMillan of KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Quentin McMillan: I have a couple of quick numbers related questions. So the $16 million of FX that you have in the back half, just to ask the dumb question I guess, fully offset on the expense side, right? So we should just anticipate that?
Doug Howell: Yes. If you look at the CFO commentary, it says almost no impact on EPS as a result of that.
Quentin McMillan: And then two quick questions on the free cash flow. Doug, thanks. You said the integrations are basically done. Can you quantify that at all in terms of what the benefit will be? Then also, secondly, on the CapEx, obviously you are building the new office space. Can you give us a little bit of an update on maybe what the 2016 CapEx might be? Then what 2017 could be to kind of be better than that?
Doug Howell: Yes, listen, let me just say it this way, I think that first of all, in integration -- for our integration teams out there that are listening, I know you have got a lot of hard work clout, but financially we're -- it's not going to cost us that much between now and the end of the year. So I'd like to say, it's all done. But maybe towards -- maybe on our January call, we'll declare that. When it comes to CapEx, the spending that we've done on the home office build -- recall that we have an opportunity for a lot of tax credits that come through on that, that will improve future cash flow on it. That's about $125 million to $150 million this year, that we won't have next year. Integration, we spent well over $100 million in 2015. We're running somewhere in that $50 million range right now, half, maybe less than that. So you're going to free up $200 million next year just in those two numbers alone. So I don't see a lot of big real estate moves. We moved a big piece of our real estate in the UK this year. We won't have those costs. That's probably in that $150 million of building costs, there was $125 million in the U.S. and $25 million in the UK. So I just don't see a lot of those big cash needs coming in 2017. So that's a nice pot of money to have.
Quentin McMillan: You would obviously had on the Investor Day, talking about the $750 million you had for free cash flow for acquisitions to fund everything. Can that $200 million sort of be added onto that pot and that's what we can think about you have available in the coffers?
Doug Howell: I think, you need to think about $750 million again next year, because we just wouldn't borrow quite as much money next year at this point. So that $200 million -- if we have an extra $250 million, $200 million, we'll still be in the $750 million ability to buy companies next year -- funds available to buy companies.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. If I could say just one -- I apologize if this was answered earlier, I missed the beginning of the call. But just on the negative 3% organic growth, you guys said it's going to bounce back to positive. Obviously that's been a very high growth business to you. Is there any quantification in terms of maybe the size of the contract that slipped that potentially could be in the back half? Or is it going to be low single-digit or sort of low to mid, anything that we can get a little more clarity on?
Doug Howell: Actually, what's interesting is the account that we didn't pick up the performance bonus income has actually rehired us for the next five years. Actually, we've picked up a large piece of business that flows through that program. So we didn't lose any account on the risk management, rather we just didn't hit a couple metrics that have clip metrics in it. We didn't get the performance bonus. But we'll be back after it in -- in this next fiscal year that ends in 2017.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Donna. Yes, I've got a bit of a wrap up. Thank you again for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. Our teams are focused and energized. We will continue to execute on the four components of our value creation, we will grow organically, we will grow through acquiring the best brokers, we will continue to improve our quality and productivity, and we will invest in our culture. I'm very pleased with the first half results of 2016. I remain excited about the remainder of the year and beyond. So thank you all for being with us. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President & CEO Doug Howell - CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Sean Dargan - Macquarie Jeff Schmidt - William Blair Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Quentin McMillan - KBW Charles Sebaski - BMO Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher and Companies First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the security laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher and Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Donna. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2016 earnings call. With me this morning is Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. There are four key components to creating long-term value for Gallagher shareholders. Number one, we need to grow organically. Number two, we need to grow through mergers and acquisitions. Three, we improve our quality and our productivity every quarter. Number four, we have to work hard to maintain a very unique culture. We excelled on each and every one of those this quarter. All in, we grew 4.8% organically in our combined brokerage and risk management operations. We had another 6% of growth through net acquisitions, for a total adjusted revenue growth of 11%. Our quality was recently recognized by J.D. Power and Associates as ranking the highest in customer satisfaction among brokers in the large commercial insurance space. We became more productive, with adjusted EBITDAC growth of 15% and we expanded our adjusted margins by nearly a full percentage point. Our culture was recognized by the Ethosphere Institute as one of the world's most ethical companies for the fifth straight year. Simply put, an outstanding quarter on each component of our strategy. Let me spend a little more time on growth, both organic and acquisitions and what we're seeing in terms of insurance pricing. Doug will then go into greater detail on margins, clean energy and capital management. First, in our brokerage segment, let me talk about organic revenue growth. All in organic was 4.8%. Excluding contingents which are seasonally strongest in the first quarter organic was 4.2%. This is similar to the first quarter of 2015 and up about 1 point relative to the fourth quarter of 2015. About half of this improvement is attributable to stronger new business and about half was due to less drag from rate and exposure. Focusing now on our domestic brokerage operations which include our retail PC brokerage, retail employee benefits consulting and our wholesale brokerage operations, these units account for about 2/3 of our brokerage segment revenue. Domestically organic revenue growth was about 4.5%. Of that, retail PC was over 5%, benefits at 4% and wholesale at a little over 2%. Wholesale is feeling some impact from weaker property rates. Commercial PC rates are still down, but they are a manageable head wind and our exposure units are growing a bit. In our employee benefit consulting business, a tight, multi-generational labor market, combined with rising cost of health care, especially pharmacy costs, along with increased regulations for employers such as the ACA, are creating more new business opportunities. In the first quarter, the renewal impact from rate and exposure units had about 0.5% negative impact on our organic growth domestically, so no real change from the past few quarters. I just came back from the RIMS conference in San Diego and the tone from carriers seemed to be similar to what we have been hearing for the past three quarters -- some continued weakness in property, but otherwise pretty consistent conditions.  Moving to our international brokerage operations, that's principally our PC operations in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the UK which combined represent about 1/3 of our brokerage segment revenues. Organic revenue growth was about 5% within our international operations. UK retail posted about 3% organic in a relatively flat rate and exposure environment. London and Bermuda specialty posted about 5% organic in a difficult rate and exposure environment. Australia/New Zealand had a little negative timing, otherwise organic was flat, also in a difficult rate and exposure environment, but we're starting to see pricing bottom out in Australia/New Zealand. Canada posted 6% organic in flat rate and moderately down economic environment. When you look at our larger international mergers that we did in 2014, they're all doing very well. Integration is done in Australia/New Zealand, nearly done in Canada and should be mostly done in the UK by the end of the year. Let me turn to merger and acquisition growth. Over the past 20 months, we've returned to our almost exclusive focus on smaller tuck-in mergers. Today's competitive environment for mergers is similar to the last two to three years and a lot like most of the early 2000s for that matter. But we're maintaining our pricing discipline, with weighted average valuations at about 7 times EBITDAC for the eight mergers we did here in the first quarter. We can pay these valuations because the merger partners that choose us see the long-term value in joining Gallagher. They see our vast capabilities, they see our proven track record, they embody our culture and they see themselves being more successful as part of us. As I do every quarter, I would like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing family. To wrap up our brokerage segment, we posted first quarter results of 4.8% total organic growth. Total adjusted revenue growth was 12%. Adjusted EBITDAC was up 16% and our adjusted margins expanded by 79 basis points, a really strong quarter for our brokerage segment. Let me move to our risk management segment which is primarily Gallagher Bassett Services. Risk management started the year with a good first quarter. Adjusted organic revenue growth was 4.7%. Adjusted EBITDAC grew 9% and adjusted margins improved by 103 basis points to 17.6%. Gallagher Bassett continues to deliver consistent, attractive top- and bottom-line results for shareholders. GB's domestic claims management business delivered 6% organic growth in the first quarter, while international operations were closer to flat, excluding last year's run-off fees. At 17.6% EBITDAC margin, we out-paced our margin target of 17%, while continuing to make investments that will drive future growth. I spent some time at the Gallagher Bassett booth at RIMS and I was able to see first-hand how we're positioning ourselves in the market place. We have an amazing offering to provide clients. GB, in my opinion, is simply the best. Some of their recent innovations include Waypoint, our suite of decision-support tools based on cutting-edge machine learning technology; Luminos, our acclaimed risk management information system; and our new GB Go, a mobile application to enhance communication and engagement with injured workers. All these innovations will continue to improve claim outcomes for clients and bring additional revenue to Gallagher Bassett. I don't want to forget to mention our clean energy efforts. Another solid quarter, still on track to post 15% growth in annual after-tax earnings relative to 2015. Is was a great start to the year. Glad to have the first quarter in the books and we really are hitting on all cylinders. Over to you, Doug.
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning, everyone. Like you said, it's nice to put first quarter under our belt. I'll make some comments on margins, corporate and clean energy, cash and capital management and the highlight a couple things in our investor supplement and CFO commentary documents that we post on our IR website. Okay, first to margins. Brokerage was up 79 basis points and risk management was up 103 basis points, really excellent work by the team. Within the brokerage segment, adjusted margin expansion was about equal between our domestic and international operations. Domestic was up 75 basis points, international was up 90 basis points. Recall, our domestic units are running annualized margins in the high 20%s, so to expand here in the first quarter shows excellent discipline. Internationally, our Canadian, New Zealand and London and Bermuda specialty units are also posting margins nicely in the 20%s, yet we do have some opportunity to further improve margins in our Australia and UK retail units over the next 18 to 24 months. In terms of integration, the UK team is doing excellent work and we remain on track to be nearly finished with integration by the end of this year. Integration costs for the first quarter were right on our forecast and we still expect 2016 integration charges to be about half the 2015 level. As for risk management segment, we exceeded our 17% margin target during the quarter and we still think 17% is a good margin to expect for the next three quarters.  Moving to the corporate segment, we landed a bit above the high end of the range we provided during our last earnings release, mostly due to clean energy. Most of that was timing. When you look at page 4 of the CFO commentary document, you'll see the timing between the quarters, yet our full year is effectively unchanged from what we previously provided. For the year, we're still estimating between $109 million and $124 million of net earnings from our clean energy investments. Okay, to cash -- let's move to cash and capital management. Our first quarter is seasonally our smallest cash-generation quarter. Yet at the end of the first quarter, we had about $250 million of free cash on our balance sheet. We're working on freeing up about half of it as part of our integration efforts in the UK and the other half is in Australia, New Zealand and Canada that we'll use were M&A, merger and acquisition opportunities, in those geographies.  We also announced a few weeks ago that we renewed and up-sized our line of credit facility to $800 million and we anticipate closing a $275 million debt private placement in early June. Our debt-to-EBITDAC ratio on March 31 was about 2.6 times on a covenant basis and we're targeting a similar level at the end of 2016. We believe free cash -- we believe between free cash and debt, we can fund our M&A program in 2016, similar to the levels we completed in 2015, with no net shares used. To clarify, when I say no net shares used, there will be tax-free re-org mergers that require us to use stock, but we intend to offset that through buy-backs, just like we did in the first quarter. All right, a couple items on housekeeping. First, please don't forget that our first quarter is seasonally our smallest in the brokerage segment. Please use the document on our web IR website called Supplemental Quarterly Financial Information. We give you five years of both reported and adjusted results on a quarterly basis. From that historical information, you can easily see our seasonality. Second, we also provide a CFO commentary document on our website that has a lot of forward-looking information that should help you build your models. You'll see that items for the first quarter are in line with the forecast we gave you during our last earnings call. Some sound bites looking forward that you'll see on that document, FX headwinds are mostly behind us, integration is tapering off and this is also now where we're providing all the guidance related to our clean energy investments that used to be in our earnings release. A terrific quarter on all measures and in the end we're really well positioned for the remainder of the year. Back to you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. If you look at our first quarter performance, it really was excellent. I believe we continue to execute on our global strategy. We believe that a key component to our execution is maintaining our culture and we work hard to protect and promote it. Very proud to be recognized as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethosphere Institute for the fifth straight year. This is a testament to who we're as an organization and to the caliber of colleagues we have at this great Company. As we continue to grow and become more global, we're dedicated to keeping our Gallagher culture thriving and strong. Donna, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Crystal Lu [ph] in for Ryan Tunis. My first question was around the strong base commissions and fees growth this quarter in brokerage. You mentioned in the remarks that the strong new business and better than expected rates in exposures drove that you have visibility on the sustainability of those two items going forward?
Patrick Gallagher: Well I will tell you Crystal we get up every morning and we work really hard on getting the word out that we're the best we believe in taking care of clients insurance needs and our pipeline we use salesforce.com so I have a look into our pipeline and we're very aggressive new business company and all of us every one of around this table is involved every day in helping people put new business on the books. We’re focused on niche areas that we’re very good at and I think that our new business will continue be very strong I think we have an awful lot to offer our customers and we had got a lot of people out on the street telling people they should be doing business with us.
Unidentified Analyst: And for the contingents and supplementals which are really strong this year, I know that you said the contingents had a really strong quarter just because of seasonality but could you kind of on your expectations for those two for the rest of the year as well
Doug Howell: Yes I think the best thing to do on that as we call contingents are significantly skewed towards the first quarter and encourage you to use the supplement that we have on the website that shows you the trends and supplemental contingents in the next three quarters and when you building your models I do some site takes off of that but you can extrapolate just off the first quarter you have to look at the seasonality that comes with those. But overall the carriers are recognizing the value that we provide in the process and so I think that we've got an upward trend in those that might outpace the trend in our base commissions in fees.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Just wanted to follow up on you guys had laid out on organic growth outlook for the brokerage business about 2.52% to 3.5% for this year. Obviously Q1 came in a little bit stronger, are you now thinking about the potentially see organic growth come in above that range?
Patrick Gallagher: Above the 2.5?
Elyse Greenspan: 2.5 to 3.5
Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then you mentioned Australia coming in at about flat in the first quarter, just directionally what type of comp are we coming off what type of organic growth do we see in the fourth quarter can you just remind us and then just based on your expectations thinking forward for the year. You anticipate starting to see positive contributions from the Australia and New Zealand business?
Doug Howell: Yes always the question this is about just down there some of the couple weeks down Austria folks in if you recall we picked up that organization from the Wesfarmers folks which is an industrial conglomerate this has been really terrific opportunity for us there was they are starting the is the Gallagher playbook are starting to focus on sales the way we do in our sales meetings and I see them as really turn the quarter that they were fighting three things first lack of a sales culture that were really changing Australia right in terms of the economic conditions down there obviously Australia suffered a little bit from lack of exports in China and then also there was a rate toward the right kind going on there so the kind of had three headwinds I believe all three of those are turning I believe there's stability in the marketplace on the rating side I think economic this growth is starting to come back and Australia I think the sales force is alive and well we launched a couple of new products down there, that are really good in the small business space so the trend in that we're seeing negative organic growth last year each quarter and this quarter we're pushing more towards the positive territory so a really good work by the team down there.
Patrick Gallagher: And New Zealand is killing it.
Elyse Greenspan: And then as we think about the margins for the brokerage business for the balance of the year you guys all about 80 basis points of improvement in the first order was any kind of one-off items in that or is that kind of some type of run rate to assume if we kind of see a consistent level of organic growth.
Doug Howell: I don’t know if I can say it's a run rate or not, on obviously if you don’t have 3% organic growth we’ve said it's pretty hard to expand margins. One of the things about it in the first quarter is that contingents have a large impact on that. But in our margin expansion in the first quarter again relative to last quarter last year same quarter if you look at the margin expansion without contingents you get about half of that expansion that feels more logical to me than a full 80 basis points.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then in terms of the deal for the acquisition front the Q1 you had mentioned seasonally a weaker quarter in terms of transactions, last year the Q2 was your strongest quarter would you expect that to be the case again the second quarter just had as a pipeline of coming deals. Thank you
Patrick Gallagher: We have closed four additional deal since the quarter ended so we've got 12 done for the year and the pipeline is robust. Whether or not they actually close in the second quarter third or fourth every single deal has its own life, it has it's lifespan but we've got a very solid pipeline.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sean Dargan of Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 
Sean Dargan: If I can follow up on Elyse's question about Australia and tie that to a comment in the press release about cycle bottoming in select geographies outside the U.S. I know that you were experiencing negative organic growth in Australia I believe that was the only geography in the world you were doing so, is that item in the press release specifically talking about Australia?
Doug Howell: Yes Australia and New Zealand in particular.
Sean Dargan: And then in the shareholders letter with the March annual report, they mentioned trying to export the MMA market to the UK and it appears to me that's essentially what you've already been doing kind of creating a roll up business there, do you expect any competitive threat from that, I'm just curious what your thoughts are on that
Patrick Gallagher: We're really happy with our position in the UK. If you remember just three years ago we can really have the retail presence in UK at all, today we’re one of the five largest players in that market, that group has come together very well the rebranding has been done, it's all Gallagher now, you recall it was all Oval, Giles and Heath [ph] and so we're Arthur Gallagher across about 70 outlets through the UK and yes, it's a competitive marketplace just like the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand but we think we compete pretty.
Doug Howell: Yes I think it's nice affirmation of what we saw too that there is good opportunity in the retail space in the UK and I think there is lots of opportunity there, there is still some private equity owned firms there, they are going have to do something as time comes up and I think people will realizing better to be with a strategic with an independent or private equity owned so we're seeing terrific opportunities there
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Kai Pan. First I just want to go back to the organic growth, so Pat, what has changed since December now that you are expecting even higher than to 2.5% to 3.5% organic growth so what has changed from the December?
Patrick Gallagher: The marketplace I think it's probably a little bit more stable and I thought it was going to be coming into the end of the year. October November last year we saw probably a little bit softer market than we're seeing today. Property is soft no question about especially on the cat side but probably a little bit more stable market and I think our closing ratios is up just a bit. We've had very solid pipeline of new business opportunities and our team is doing very well new business.
Doug Howell: I think also to add to that, the second quarter is our highest property quarter for us. As you look at your models I don't know if I would necessarily assume that it will be the same over the next three quarters you might want to caution yourself a little bit on the second quarter because the property rates but also I think just since the November and December this is a stable environment and I think our clients are having the opportunity to build -- see the value that we bring. In a stable environment we outshine a lot of our other small competitors in particular so that when Pat is talking about our hit ratio being better that's what we're seeing there.
Unidentified Analyst: And I terms of risk management segment, the organic growth slowed from 4Q, was there anything specific and on top of it the margin expansion was still strong over 100 basis points, so even with the mid-single-digit organic growth in that segment you can post a strong margin for the rest of the year?
Doug Howell: Yes to answer your question backward, yes, when mid-single digits we believe there's an opportunity to still that our 17% margin target in each of the next three quarters in terms of which is expansion over last year. In terms of what's happening on the organic side if you go back to look at our supplemented over time there have been some periods where Gallagher Bassett has growth has been in the higher 5% or 6% range and jumps up to the 10% or 12% and the reason why is that as we look at some larger accounts they typical will incept on January 1 or on July 1 and there are sometimes where they -- we get them in the pipeline in 2015 hoping that the incept on January 1 but switching over to us can take some time. So we see more new business incepting in July 1 this year than let's say maybe in the past where it incepted on January 1. So it's a step a little bit of a step function type business some of these are pretty large accounts we're seeing we had 6% growth in the U.S. Australia is largely flat at this point but again there's a big programs that are coming up for proposal over the next couple of years down there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then last question on headcount, I think I saw headcount number go down and that’s probably first time in a long time, was there something specific there or is this to maintain margins, expenses?
Doug Howell: I think what you're looking at is a headcount on the brokerage side dropped about 45 heads between since the end since the last period yet we still had acquisitions that might have added a 100 or 150 so we're probably net backwards 200, its largely as a result of our integration efforts, our productivity initiatives, most of that we didn't have big layouts most of that is just through natural exits that happen in the business but it just shows that we're getting more productive every day.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jeff Schmidt of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Schmidt: Quick question on the wholesale business and apologize if I missed this but how is that doing from an organic growth perspective given property prices I guess is that about 20% of the brokerage segment?
Patrick Gallagher: It's a little less than 20% wholesale is up about 2% for the quarter and yes they had headwinds on property side and you need to know that in the second quarter is their biggest property quarter.
Jeff Schmidt: Right. Right. Okay. And then in the clean energy segment are you seeing volume or guess consumption rather from coal plants is being affected of all I know there's distress in the industry there's bankruptcies what's the outlook there?
Doug Howell: Yes let me tell you there are three answers in that question first when it comes to the bankruptcies most of those when the coal mines go bankrupt it's usually a holding company bankruptcy but the mines are still operating because they have contracts with have to continue to deliver coal on and a lot of these utilities have had required to take contracts, so the call is still moving even though the holding company might be bankrupt, I think there has been five of them in the last year or so, as they restructure and make themselves more efficient. Second of all the power plants as you recall when we put our clean energy plants and the power plant we put them earlier in the dispatch curve so when we do our plants these are plants that are more likely to run unless they are less efficient plants that only get dispatch during the high peak loads. We're at the mercy of the weather, we did have a little bit of a warmer winter that did impact us a little bit but we still see that we're on track. This program runs through 2021 so long-term displacement of coal to other fuels it takes a long time to displace implants and this program goes justly for another five years. And truthfully the amount of displacement that’s happened over the last eight years probably is not likely to repeat because they just placed to natural gas and the plants that they couldn't and they really can't move these plans to natural gas that we're offering them efficiently and effectively the next five years. So in summary I was going to say I think we're still well-positioned I still see us having 50% growth in their net earnings this year we still have other plants that we're working on putting in place that should continue to expand our earnings as you look into the future, so overall I would say it's a steady state business.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Capital
Bob Glasspiegel: Was curious on Gallagher Bassett were you saying your budget a little bit on your 17% margin expectations given the first quarter
Patrick Gallagher: No
Bob Glasspiegel: I think the guidance was 17% margins for the year and you came in above that so I was just wondering whether you're still managing the 70% margin for the year?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes the way that their compensation raising, increases happen, it doesn't happen in the first quarter so you'll see that be more like 17% going forward so 17.6 on a couple of hundred million dollars of revenue might have been $1 million less than of expense than we expected initially but I feel 17% in the next three quarters is achievable
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay so you will beat 17 for the year if you do 17 for the next three quarters just for modeling purposes, just want to make sure or you'll get to 17 for the year just
Patrick Gallagher: That's right Bob
Bob Glasspiegel: I just a macro question Pat your good sort of talking about the environment and what implications big companies mean , [indiscernible] retrenching indicating the volume is not an objective and underwriting is they are going to write less today and with Chubb and ACE going through big merger we got three of the very big players in some state of transition, does that have any positive implication to the environment maybe, a reason why you’re a little bit more optimistic about organic for the year or is it all just execution versus macro?
Patrick Gallagher: I think Bob, for us it's more execution than it is macro. Those are big trading partners for us. In each instance we've got deep, very meaningful relationships with each of them. Each have their own issues that they are dealing with but our trading relationship is very strong and continues to grow at all three of them. So it's really not those the driving the market I think really, we know that 90% of the time when we compete, we compete with the player who's smaller than we're, in our 32 in the United States are 32 areas of focus, our verticals are very strong. We know those businesses and we think we're probably cover than anybody in any of those and new business is very strong.
Bob Glasspiegel: Just pushing out it's a little bit tighter so you're saying you're not seeing zero ID changing their underwriting behavior and willingness to cut prices to hold onto a new account? Sort of underwriting is normal for them.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes I think what I've been impressed with over the last five years is we've had ups and downs in various lines of coverage that have gone soft or hard keeping know what those lines of coverage need. But over the last five years we’ve see more discipline on the underwriting side than I’ve in my 40 year career and I think that remains I mean, I think it has to property clients deserve a decrease. The wind hasn't blown so there should be no shock to anybody that kept properties off. When you take a look at workers compensation depending on the geography, the state what have you, when it needs to go that goes up a bit, when it needs to come down it comes down a bit, DNO [ph] same sort of thing. So what we're seeing is many cycles within the lines of coverage based on what really needs to happen to those lines and I think that's a level of discipline that the industry has enjoyed for five years that I've never seen before. So I think it's more the same of that Bob, yes those three companies have issues that they are dealing with but by and large, they are trading on the street they're doing very well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: You describe a stable environment in the P&C sector does that mean pricing is relatively stable or just kind of stable down a few points?
Patrick Gallagher: I would say pricing is relatively stable, I mean look any account you can go into any of our offices and go to a sales meeting and you're going to hear a story of somebody getting a 25% decrease and someone is going to be shocked by it and what have you. But when you look at our book of business across the entire platform and you see that really rate and environment and rate exposures cost us a half a point well that's no soft market, I mean you can have an account that gets knocked down big time but by and large when you look across the entire platform it's pretty stable situation with the exception of the property business and to some degree transportation.
Mark Hughes: And then what was your with your comment about wholesale outside of property understand that is the how about otherwise?
Patrick Gallagher: It a strong, we're good. I mean casually lines and with the exception of energy and natural resources our wholesale business is very strong as is our MGA business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Quentin McMillan of KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Quentin McMillan: Doug just to talk about [indiscernible] quick it was stronger in the quarter in terms of tax utilization, I assuming that's just because of the stronger earnings that you had in what is a sort of the seasonally weaker earnings quarter for you, first is that the correct way to think about it and then secondly and I apologize for asking such a long dated question but you guys have sort of a plan for post-the ChemMod tax credits in 2021, 2023 timeframe of what you may want to do to recover that tax strategy?
Patrick Gallagher: First question yes it was because we had a stronger first quarter that caused us to recognize a little bit more when you have more organic growth you have more earnings and therefore you recognize a little tax credits, so that’s a first one. Longer term, even though when we talk about at the end of this program to generate credits being expired in 2021 our plan is to hit the end of 2021 with a long glide path of having a balance sheet with a substantial amount of credits in it that can continue to reduce our tax rates well into the 2020s so even though the generation phase maybe over in 2021 the actual utilization of credit should go up I think right now we have about 375 million that's in our balance sheet right now, we're using about $100 million a year I'd like to have 5, or 6, 7 year balance sheet by the time we hit that point. So I think now what we have is opportunities after-the-fact? Listen we thought at the end of section 29 which was the precursor to section 45 credits that we were done and there is something else the government does in order to foster tax credits, the government really understands that better energy is a good policy and therefore they want to incense commercial enterprises to go out and develop new technologies to better the environment. So I think there could be another program at the 2021 but we got five years to work on that but in terms of the cash generation look at this as well into the 20s.
Quentin McMillan: Okay great long-term and you guys will replace it with something when the time comes is sort of the short answer of it?
Patrick Gallagher: We've done it only for the last 20 years so I think there's something else out there
Quentin McMillan: And then one other question just on competition, there was an article or two on liberty mutual talking about unbundling their insurance and claims services to potentially lower claims cost for their clients, would that create kind of a more competition for Gallagher Bassett, a headwind on either the margins or the growth or how do you guys view that?
Patrick Gallagher: It's exactly the opposite of that Quentin, this is a great opportunity for Gallagher Bassett the marketplace has been an unbundled marketplace for large accounts for the last 20 years and liberty has unbundled at times as well. This is just more opportunity for GB to showcase their wares in terms of being able to convince clients that using Gallagher Bassett will lower their claim cost and we’re pleased that liberty is coming that direction
Doug Howell: We have a lot of carriers that are recognizing their claim outcomes are better with Gallagher Bassett because Gallagher Bassett and customize the claim delivery to the customer not necessarily to the way that carrier wants to end to be able to customize the delivery of the service that we provide will deliver better claim outcomes the carriers recognize that we do it for a lot of carriers and we’re really good, when we’re paying about $10 billion a year of claims primarily in the workers comp or general liability space we’re experts in that business and our outcomes are better so this is another acknowledgment by a carrier that there are some things that we might feel be able to do better than them and so I think this is a terrific opportunity for us as these carriers recognize that we can do things for them.
Quentin McMillan: In addition to beneficial outcomes you think that your pricing might be more competitive even more beneficial for the clients who might want to use the Bassett services
Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Doug Howell: 90% of the claim goes on the claim cost, only 10% goes out in the adjusting cost so if you can reduce the 90% by a little bit you can sure have to pay for a lot of the 10%.
Operator: We are showing an additional question in queue from Charles Sebaski of BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Sebaski: I was curious about the UK business and what's going on particularly the announcement of compass potentially looking at and MBO just overall what's going on? What affect that might have? Any color would be appreciated
Patrick Gallagher: Yes we did that on this before Charles but I'll be glad to do it again we're very pleased with the progress we've made in the UK especially on our retail side. our specialty business is second to none there and our London broking business is really top of the game, retail you will recall is acquisition of three players that we put together over the last couple of years, it's going extremely well we had about 3% organic growth in the quarter on our retail business it's all rebranded from Giles and Oval and Heath to Gallagher, organic growth is on the uptick and we see really good things happening there.
Doug Howell: Yes in terms of the comp, the revenues on that was a less than $5 million so it's not a big deal now that was the network of relationships that were provided to the UK retail space that came from either Giles or Oval I can't remember exactly which one but truthfully our guys don't need a network now because they are part of Gallagher and they can trade within Gallagher, they can get the resources and the capabilities that they need and so compass really is an opportunity for smaller retail brokers and it doesn't really work inside of Gallagher so our selling that off is a no never mind to be honest.
Charles Sebaski: Okay so 5 million bucks decrease going forward and that's about it for that?
Doug Howell: Revenue
Charles Sebaski: Revenue?
Doug Howell: Right
Operator: We do have another question coming from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Two questions, one is the headcount reduction I assume this mostly integration can we talk whether those further headcount reductions for integration going forward till the end of year that we will notice and to our market any thoughts for our RPS now that Willis and Miller have hooked up together what might be for the competitive market there
Patrick Gallagher: Going backwards when it comes to the Willis and Miller dealer is the fact that RPS trades primarily with other than the large broker so it doesn't really have much of an impact to RPS I would say there's nothing there when it comes to the headcount I think because we're seasonally smallest in our acquisitions in the first quarter you see the decrease in headcount more so I think that when you look at going forward the price increases in headcount is our acquisitions are coming on but underlying yes we're controlling our headcount through attrition through becoming more productive and so if we didn't have the rolling of acquisitions you probably see decrease in headcount just from natural attrition and this is we're actually getting better every day.
Josh Shanker: Okay I appreciate the answers as always room buyback inasmuch as let me know
Patrick Gallagher: What's on in the quarter offset the shares that we used in tax-free reorg so it's out there.
Operator: We're showing no further questions in queue. Mr. Gallagher do you have any additional or closing comments at
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much everyone for joining us this morning. We really appreciate it. We’re excited about the results for the quarter and look forward to a strong 2016. Have a great day
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, include answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call, and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. This morning, I am joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. Today, I am going to comment on total company financial results, make some comments on our merger and acquisition program, and then I'll move into each segments' results and provide a bit of a wrap-up after Doug's comments, and about really an awesome recognition we received by JD Power & Associates, and then we'll get to your questions. We had a great quarter, capping a great year. Total company, strong finish to an excellent 2015. Our combined brokerage and risk management core operations in the fourth quarter posted 4.2% total organic growth, 10% total adjusted revenue growth, adjusted EBITDAC was up 12%, and we expanded our adjusted margins by 46 basis points. For the year, on a combined basis, we posted 5.1% total organic growth, that's 5.1%, 17% growth in total adjusted revenues, surpassing $4 billion in revenues; 22% growth in adjusted EBITDAC, and we expanded our adjusted margins by over 90 basis points. And to top it all off, we topped the $100 million of net earnings mark from our clean energy investments, that's up from less than $4 million in net earnings in 2011. What an amazing run and we've got more of that to come in clean energy. Let we move to some comments on our merger and acquisition program. We completed 15 mergers, totaling $46 million of new annualized revenue in the fourth quarter. For the year, we did 44 mergers, two of which were in the risk management segment, totaling about $230 million of new revenues. Let me break that down a bit, a $195 million of that was in the United States, split half property/casualty and half employee benefits. $15 million was in Australia and New Zealand, $15 million in the U.K., and about $5 million in Canada. That averages out to about $5 million in revenue per merger. We paid a weighted average price to EBITDAC of 7.6 times. As I do every quarter, I'd like to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing family. Two further comments on mergers and acquisitions. First, since July 2014, when we did our last big deal, Noraxis in Canada, we returned to our program of doing smaller tuck-in mergers as we forecasted in every conference call and investor meeting since then. Further, for these mergers, we're still paying fair prices and only slightly more than what we were paying for smaller tuck-in deals prior to 2014, consistently in the 6.5 range to 7.5 range. So when I look forward, I see a merger and acquisition program in 2016 as being very similar to the last 18 months. Our merger pipeline remains very strong, particularly in the United States, and we are also seeing good opportunities in Canada, New Zealand and Australia. With having platforms in those locations now and most of our integration efforts behind us, merger prospects now see Gallagher as a partner with vast capabilities and they want to join us. Further, we do not have any large deals on our plate right now, neither domestic nor international, and based on our current pipeline, we do not see the need to use stock to fund mergers in 2016. And second, final comment on mergers, one of the first things we do when we complete a merger is to quickly collect and analyze their client and carrier data. Today, we have nearly all of our data from every client and carrier globally in one spot. We use this data to help our carrier partners develop better programs for our clients and we use this data to help our clients match up with the right carrier based on their needs. This value-add, to both our carriers and to our clients, gives us the opportunity to enhance our compensation. We see tremendous opportunities for that in 2016 and beyond. Let me move now to the Brokerage segment. Brokerage fourth quarter results were very strong, adjusted revenues up 11%, 2.8% in total organic growth. Adjusted EBITDAC is up 12% and our adjusted margins expanded by 30 basis points. Brokerage results for the year were terrific. For the full year, adjusted revenues were up 19%, 3.6% total organic. Adjusted EBITDAC, up 22% and adjusted margins expanded 70 basis points. And in 2015, we posted adjusted EBITDAC margins of 26.1%, that's up over 400 basis points since the full year 2011. Four full points of margin expansion. What a fantastic accomplishment and it shows our Brokerage business is really, really healthy and vibrant. So, let me drill down a bit into each of our Brokerage operations around the world. First, domestically in the United States, that's our retail property/casualty, our retail employee benefits consulting and our wholesale operations, which for the year, combined for about $2.1 billion of our $3.3 billion of Brokerage segment revenues. In the fourth quarter, these units combined to post 3.5% organic and expanded their margins by about 80 basis points. For the year, they posted 3% organic growth and expanded margins by 120 basis points. These units all have annual adjusted margins in the very high 20%s, about 28% and each unit is nearing the upper-end of our margin expectations. To put this into perspective, over a four-year period, as I said just a moment ago, margins in these units are up over 400 basis points, which is really a nice work. Looking towards 2016, we're seeing domestic retail and wholesale PC units having a slight rate headwind, on average down about 5%. Property off more like 10%, with casualty a little less than flat, but we are seeing increases in exposure units offsetting that a little bit, and we also continue to have nice new business growth and our retentions are holding. So, we see 2016 a lot like 2015 in our domestic retail wholesale PC units. As for our retail employee benefits business, we're seeing more activity in 2016. Our clients and prospects are now having to deal with the complexities of the ACA, much of that happens in the second half of the year, but we still see organic better in 2016 than in 2015 in our benefits units. Next, our international operations, that's our PC brokerage operations in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the U.K., which for the year they combined for a little over $1.2 billion of our $3.3 billion Brokerage segment revenues. Combined, they posted 4% organic growth for the full year and expanded margins by 50 basis points. In aggregate, they are posting mid-20%s annual adjusted margins. And I think it's worthwhile for me to touch on each country for just a moment. So, I'll start with Canada. About $125 million of annualized revenues, fourth quarter organic was in the mid-2% range. Margins are similar to our U.S. operations, in the very high 20%s. So, also near the top of our margin expectations. When I look at our January 1 renewals, rates are fairly stable to even slightly a bit positive. As for exposures, while we are not really significantly exposed to energy risks, the broader Canadian economy is suffering because of the knock-on effect of those businesses reliant on the energy sector. But despite all this, the team is in the final push of integration efforts to convert to our systems and they haven't missed a step. So, I see a similar 2016. Next, moving to Australia and New Zealand, about $265 million of annualized revenue. Fourth quarter organic was near 2%. Of the two units, New Zealand performs better in terms of organic end margins, which is in line with what we saw when we did the acquisition in 2014. Both countries have been faced for several years with soft renewal rates, especially in property and their economies are weak, but starting to show a bit of recovery with their weaker currencies. In addition, our January 1 renewals are starting to show a bottoming of the cycle. Both New Zealand and Australia are effectively finished with their integration efforts. It's important to note, in aggregate, margins are nicely in the very high-20%s, which is a touch better than what we expected when we purchased them in mid-2014. So, while we do have some modest opportunity for margin efficiencies on Australia, in 2016 our real focus is to energize the sales culture in Australia. I was there in the fall and I can tell you the Australian team is working with their counterparts in the U.S. and New Zealand to build a similar sales and service culture. Finally, let me move to the U.K. About $775 million of annualized revenues, $360 million of that is retail property/casualty, that's our branch network, $325 million is London and Bermuda specialty, and about $90 million is underwriting and programs. All together, about 1% organic growth in the fourth quarter and a little over 3% for the full year. Aggregate margins are a little bit over 20%, and so let me make a couple of comments on the three units. U.K. retail, we posted flat organic in the quarter and full-year 2015, and margins are in the very high teens. We're seeing rates flat to slightly down, and we're not seeing much growth in exposures due to the stable economic conditions in the U.K. But posting flat organic is actually quite an accomplishment given it is this unit that's going through most of the integration work that's remaining from our larger deals. Remember, we are pushing four different retail organizations together and we've become a top-five retailer in the U.K. in just two years time. These retail branches are going through the similar processes that we did in the U.S. over the last five years. Those are standardization, simplification, using common technologies, migrating work to our offshore centers of excellence, using our niches and adapting the Gallagher's sales culture and learning our retail playbook. 2016 will be the year where we evolve from a unit going through integration to a unit focused on harvesting synergies, and executing on our sales and service plans. Accordingly, we should see a little margin improvement in 2016, and then hopefully much more in 2017. U.K. underwriting, underwriting program is about $90 million in revenues, about 10% margins, which is similar to prior years. Organic growth was flat for the year, but our efforts to improve this business showed promise in the fourth quarter and we posted over 5% organic growth. This is a collection of underwriting businesses, many of which came with the retail acquisitions of Heath, Giles and Oval. We have reconstituted management and these businesses have a line of sight towards improvement in 2016 and 2017. , about $325 million in revenue. For the year, these units posted over 5% organic growth, but it was closer to 1% in the fourth quarter. We're seeing some pressure on rates in most lines and in particular, in the energy and marine lines written by our London specialty units. Margins are in the lower mid-20%s, which is really respectable given the nature and complexity of this business. This is the unit that also has about $30 million in revenues from smaller and emerging markets, that breaks down to about one-third in the Caribbean, one-third in Norway and one-third in South America, which posts similar margins. Clearly, none of these smaller units is financially significant, but we did these mergers because they have specialties that align well and trade with our U.K. and Bermuda specialty businesses. So, to recap our Brokerage segment. In 2016, while we see retail PC rates as a headwind, we do see PC exposure growth offsetting this partially. We also see employment growth and complexity surrounding the Affordable Care Act, as tailwinds for our employee benefits units. In addition, our history of strong new business generation, solid retention and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. Integration efforts related to our larger mergers we did in the U.S., Australia, New Zealand and Canada are effectively done and we expect our integrations efforts in the U.K. to be nearly done by the end of 2016. Integration costs in 2016 should be less than half of our 2015 amounts. Margins are excellent in most of our units around the world, with some further opportunities for efficiencies in Australia and our U.K. retail and underwriting businesses. So, let me move to our Risk Management segment, essentially Gallagher Bassett Services. Risk Management finished the year with an outstanding fourth quarter. Adjusted organic growth of 10.5%, adjusted EBITDAC grew 17% and margins improved 140 basis points. For the full year, we posted over 11% organic growth, 18% growth in EBITDAC, surpassed 17% of adjusted margins and we expanded margins by 120 basis points. Gallagher Bassett is now over $700 million of annual revenue. And since we embarked on our retooling efforts five years ago, it has shown consistent, excellent, top and bottom-line results, and we see it continuing to gain momentum. In fact, 2015 was the third year in a row where we posted around 10% organic growth and also hit or exceeded our annual margin targets, up nearly two full margin points since 2011. 17% EBITDAC margin is our 2016 margin target and near the top of our expectations. Our U.S. claims management business is about $575 million in annualized revenues, and posted especially strong double-digit organic growth for the quarter, and full-year margins, as I said earlier, of around 17%. We've been successful in developing new and improved services for our clients. Following last quarter's introduction of Luminos, which is Gallagher Bassett's acclaimed risk management information system for clients, we rolled out GBGO, the first of a suite of mobile technology products designed specifically for use on smartphones and tablet devices. In addition, new medical management products and approaches together with broader adoption of GB products by clients has led to improved claim outcomes as well as increased revenue for Gallagher Bassett. Strong performance in state administered workers' compensation schemes in Australia pushed Gallagher Bassett's operations to well over $130 million in revenue in 2015, or roughly 20% of the segment's revenue, also posting organic growth of about 10%. GB's international operations are expected to make a strong contribution again in 2016, with investments in our self-insured and carrier segments scheduled to come online later this year. So, really, truly a remarkable year on all measures, which is a testament to an incredibly strong sales and service culture. These results don't just happen, our team gets up every day and works relentlessly to service our clients and to aggressively demonstrate our capabilities to new prospects. A great quarter, a great year, I couldn't be prouder of our colleagues' efforts and what we've accomplished. Over to you Doug.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, some housekeeping. Starting with this quarter, you'll see on our investor website two documents, plus our earnings release. One is the supplemental quarterly data document. That's the one that we've been providing for over a decade, but you'll now see that it contains only historical reported and adjusted information. The other is a new document, it's called CFO Commentary, it is this document that contains our forward-looking items. In other words, it summarizes both the commentary I typically provide in these calls, plus it has the corporate segment earnings forecast that were previously at the back of the supplement. We hope this CFO Commentary document makes it more investor friendly and easier to use, rather than to having to dig out my comments from the conference call transcripts and back pages of the supplement. Okay. On to my comments, and like Pat said, an excellent quarter to end a terrific year. Yes, the fourth quarter is a little noisy on the face, but all items are right in line with the forecast we gave you in our October earnings call and then again at our December Investor Meeting. Two additional items we didn't forecast back then. In the Brokerage segment, you'll see a $0.02 one-time tax item gain. That benefit results from the newly enacted lower statutory rates in the U.K., related to our net deferred tax obligations on our balance sheet related to our U.K. operations. The other item is in the corporate line of the Corporate segment in the tax column. We had a favorable tax item of about $4 million in the fourth quarter. We were a little conserved in our estimates in the first three quarters of 2015 when we estimated certain permanent items, so when we trued up those estimates in the fourth quarter, it added a couple of pennies of gain in the fourth quarter, but it has no impact on full year. As for adjustments in 2016, when you digest the information in the new CFO Commentary document, two items will stand out. First, you'll see FX in 2016 being half the headwind that we saw in 2015, and second you'll see that we are forecasting integration costs in 2016 to be less than half of the 2015 levels. I'm really pleased that we are effectively done integrating the larger mergers like Bollinger, OAMPS, Crombie Lockwood and Noraxis, and by year-end 2016, we should be nearly done with Oval and Giles in the U.K. Now, let's turn to page three of the earnings release to the Brokerage segment organic table. You'll see supplementals way up and contingents way down in the quarter. Ignore the geography, as we simply had a couple of contracts that had some slight language modification that is causing the flip between lines. Rather, I suggest that you look at supplementals and contingents in total and you'll see we're up organically 10% in the quarter and up 8% organically for the full year. Based on current conditions we expect in 2016, that these lines will organically grow better than the core commissions and fee line. At the bottom of that same page three, you'll also see that we used next to no stock this quarter to fund M&A and you'll see at the bottom of the CFO Commentary, first page, we don't anticipate using stock to fund M&A in 2016 either. I'll hit some cash flow comments more in a minute. On pages five and six of the earnings release, you'll see that we had nice margin expansion in the Brokerage and Risk Management segment. In the CFO Commentary, you'll see that we still believe margin expansion for the Brokerage segment is difficult if we don't have 3% organic growth, and you'll also see that we're moving up our Risk Management target in 2016 to 17% from our target of 16.5% in 2015. Let's move to page seven to the clean energy line on that page. I'm really pleased that we crossed the $100 million of net earnings mark this year which came in right at the mid-point of what we forecasted a year ago. That's really, really great work by the team. I also want to point out, we've added some more convenient disclosure. On page 12 of our earnings release, on the deferred tax asset line in our balance sheet, we've had a parenthetical disclosure showing that $342 million of our deferred tax asset relates to credits that we've generated, but not yet deducted from our tax returns. Think about it this way, it's effectively a cash receivable from the government as it will reduce our cash taxes paid in the future. I've said before, our goal is to pay about 10% of our global EBITDAC in taxes and these credits are a big part of that strategy. Looking forward to 2016, you'll see on the second page of the CFO Commentary document that we're forecasting about a 15% step up in earnings in 2016 for clean energy investments, that's if we hit the mid-point of the range, about $116 million of net after-tax earnings. When we were preparing our 2016 estimates for clean energy, we worked closely with our host utility partners and we assessed the ever-present risk surrounding these investments, things like fuel source substitution, are they going to burn coal or natural gas. We looked at governmental, regulatory, and IRS laws and policy changes. We looked at plant shutdowns during the year, both temporary and permanent. We looked at the location of the plants and the power grid utilization curve. We looked at our supply-chain distribution, so on and so forth. In the end, as we sit today, we've digested these risks and we feel comfortable with our 2016 estimates. In addition, our 2016 estimate makes a provision for continued warm winter and then reverts to more of a normal spring, summer and fall. Finally, let me move to GAAP and free cash. First free cash, we have about $275 million of free cash in the balance sheet. As I said last quarter, all of that is technically free cash of that $275 million, but until we complete our integration efforts to consolidate legal entities in the U.K., about $100 million of that cash is hard to access, because it is in hundreds of smaller bank accounts that need minimum balances. We have plans to free up most of those balances over the course of 2016. Second, you'll see in the CFO Commentary that we're at about 2.5 times debt to EBITDAC ratio. That was down substantially from around 2.9 times to 3 times at the end of 2014. We believe 2.5 times is about the right level going forward. Third, you'll also see in the CFO Commentary that we might go into the debt markets and raise another $200 million to $300 million. We might do that for several reasons. We can pay off the line, which is currently about $200 million, we can use it for M&A, we have a strong pipeline or we can use it to have cash-on-hand to repay the $300 million tranche, which carries a 6.44% interest rate and comes due next year or we can do a combination of all three. So finally let me put all together. If you assume 2 point times debt, if you assume that we use no stock used in acquisitions earnout, if you assume that we continue to do mergers at that 7.5 weighted average multiple just like we did in 2015, we will have ample cash to fund our M&A program in 2016, similar to level that we did in 2015. Okay. Those were my comments. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Doug. Before we go to questions and answers, I just want to make a quick comment about the Gallagher culture. It's as strong as it's ever been, we see it in our successful integration efforts, we see it in our branding efforts around the world and we see it in our service to our clients. In December J.D. Power announced that Arthur J. Gallagher & Company ranks as the highest in customer satisfaction among brokers for large commercial insurance. This is on top of the fact that earlier in the year, we were recognized as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the fourth straight year. The Gallagher culture is alive and well and developing and growing year-in and year-out. With that, Brenda, we'll go to questions and answers.
Operator: Certainly. The call is now open for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your questions. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Hey, thanks. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Ryan. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) I think, my first question is probably for Doug. In his CFO deck, I think, he said it would be difficult to expand margins if organic is below 3%. I'm just kind of curious under what conditions do you think you could keep margins at least stable and not necessarily expansion, but flat margins, is it 2%, is it 2.5%, is there a wriggle room on the expense side, just curious on that?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, good question. We're always looking for opportunities to get better. I mean, our service quality is pretty darn high if you look at what J.D. Power says, but we have opportunities to continue to improve that. When you are in the 2% to 3% range, I think, that we can hold margins pretty well where they are, below that might get a little tough. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Understood. And I guess my follow-up is probably for Pat, just thinking back to his comments in December, the 1.5% to 2% organic growth, just some clarity on what that entailed? I know Doug mentioned that supplementals are supposed to probably run north of that level or is that just U.S. P&C, is that all in true organic growth, is that just base commissions and fees, what exactly again were you referencing there Pat? Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, Ryan, to be perfectly blunt, I was coming off of a more pessimistic view given the October/November results, and I was really pleased with what we did in December and finishing up the quarter. My comments were mostly around U.S. domestic PC as well as Australia and New Zealand PC. But I think, given December and the end of the quarter, I'm a little bit more optimistic. Remember, organic growth is comprised of, you mentioned the supplementals, but it's also retention, new business, so there is a lot of components that go into that and we just really had a strong quarter. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. So, just following up a little bit on the last question in terms of the organic growth outlook for this year. Since you said you are little bit more optimistic, I mean, how do you see the Brokerage organic growth shaking out in 2016, kind of maybe a ballpark number? And then, digging down into that a little bit, do you see some seasonality by quarter in terms of starting off stronger and then getting weaker towards the end of the year, anything that might impact the numbers as we go through 2016?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I'll let Doug speak about the seasonality, then I'll come back to my view on organic.
Douglas K. Howell: Now, actually good reminder, yes. For those of you that have been on this call for years, we are a highly seasonal company. Our first quarter is by far our smallest quarter. Our second quarter and third quarter are about the same and then December comes in just a step below that. So, we are a seasonal company, so, that's why if you look at our margins, we have 26.1% margins for the entire year. And I think if you go back to the first quarter, in the Brokerage segment, they were in the high teens, low-20%s, I don't know if I can pull that out. So, we are a highly seasonal company.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So, let me address your issues around – or your question rather, which is a good question around organic. Again, what comprises organic? We go out every single day, we try to get new business. We're fighting every single week to keep the business we've got, and that's an ongoing battle. But frankly, we know that 90% plus of the time when we go out to compete, we're competing with someone who is smaller than we are and doesn't have our resources. I think the ACA is beginning to show an opportunity to have expanded organic growth in our benefits units. Our wholesale units have been very, very strong in terms of organic growth. So I'm a little bit more bullish than I was in December. As I said, I was coming off a weaker October/November than I liked. I was very, very pleased with what we did in December, and if we can carry on with that kind of level of new business growth and hold on to our clients, we should do a little better. I would put that in above 2.5% to 3%, 3.5%.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Great. Thank you. And then in terms of your wholesale business, I know that's been a pretty strong driver of growth. We did see a change in management announced earlier this week. If you can just kind of comment about that, was there any kind of timing associated with that announcement or anything you might want to add there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah. This is, I think, just a great example of where the company is. Over time, you'll see us transition in a number of responsibilities and we've got a great succession planning process. We've got an incredibly strong team. Joel Cavaness, who takes over the unit now in terms of being the CEO, is someone who's been with us 30 plus years, started his career in our St. Louis office, was one of the founders of Risk Placement Services in United States. And it's just the same hand on the tiller, I really like that.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Okay. And then last question for Doug, great commentary in terms of the M&A pipeline, and you know the cash and debt to finance potential deals. Just assuming your plans at this time don't assume any kind of share repurchase activity in 2016?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, if we have excess cash, which I don't think we will necessarily, because we have a terrific M&A pipeline, we would buy shares back. We feel comfortable with our debt level, the way it is right now. I don't feel the need to bring that any lower. We have lots of good opportunities out there, and if there – if our cash is – if we have excess cash, we'd of course buy our shares back.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Okay. Thanks so much and congrats on a great quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks. Just one question on the acquisition environment. Have you seen any change in the appetite from private equity, just given higher spreads on lower rated debt? Are you seeing any benefit just from your ability to pick up targets? Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell: We haven't seen that come into marketplace yet. It's a little early yet to see that, but we are seeing that private equity folks are out there. Truthfully we don't run into them a lot in our nice smaller tuck-in acquisitions, they're more out there trolling for the large platform acquisitions. But, for us we like picking the smaller partners that we can bring in, but I haven't seen anything on the higher spreads right now impacting multiples paid. It should happen, but we'll see.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then, Doug, is there any risk if – so if natural gas prices, and I'm guessing that's a more relevant benchmark for the clean energy credits. So, if natural gas prices remain at these levels, is there any risk or how should we think about the risk that plants could come offline. Is that something that – I mean, you kind of alluded to that in your comments, but maybe if you could just give us some thoughts on that? And also just maybe a reminder of what the geographic breakdown of the coal plants where the devices installed are?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. Okay. Good question. Yeah. We've – and I want to make sure that I'm clear on this, because I've answered it quite a few times, but I appreciate the question is that. We sat down with our host utility partners, and we asked them a simple question: are you going to convert this plant to natural gas in the foreseeable future? And for the ones that we're running, the answer has been no, we don't have the plans to convert to natural gas. Remember, if they do, we can move the plant to another location also. So, it doesn't necessarily mean that that plant all of a sudden ceases to become a revenue generating plant. But right now, based on what we've seen, there was a substantial amount of displacement that happened to natural gas in the early 2000s, around – and into the like 2007, 2010, when natural gas prices fell through the floor. We're not seeing that level of displacement now for a lot of different reasons. So, I don't see that as a rift that's facing us right now, when it comes to fuel price and differentials there. And the second piece of your question was what?
Michael Nannizzi: Just the geographic breakdown of the coal plants?
Douglas K. Howell: Oh, yeah. Right. So, we have good concentrations of coal plants in areas like Maryland and West Virginia, South Carolina. We see – and we have plants that are in the Midwest, Iowa, Illinois; we have plants that are in the west in areas like Arizona. So, those are kind of the locations that we are.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Sebaski with BMO. Please proceed with your questions.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: This first question I guess will follow-up on wholesale. What was the factor on organic growth from wholesale versus maybe an ex-wholesale brokerage operation?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You're looking for the organic growth in the wholesale...
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to understand how much of a factor the Risk Placement wholesale is in the 2% organic operation?
Douglas K. Howell: 2%, well, first and foremost let's go through our domestic wholesale operation, is that what you're asking about, Charles?
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Yeah.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. All right. That business is about a $250 million business. It posted about 5% organic for the year. We saw about the same in the quarter. So – and so the blend of that across our $2 billion of domestic would be about 10% impact on the organic number.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: Okay.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: That's maybe all I was looking for, I guess. And then additionally on the Risk Management business, do you see that there's any effect on the push out on the Cadillac Tax to a 2020. Do you expect that to have any negative headwind on the growth there?
Douglas K. Howell: I think, you meant the – what's the impact on our Gallagher Benefits service.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: On the benefits – excuse me. Excuse me, sorry.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. All right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Listen, anything that the government can do, which they constantly do to make this more difficult, is great for us.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Charles.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Douglas K. Howell: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: Just a couple of different questions. So, was Australia – was that positive or negative growth for the quarter?
Douglas K. Howell: Positive. In fact, our New Zealand operation had a terrific quarter.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. And sorry not to beat wholesale to death, but I'd heard the market was doing okay, but then actually took a stair step down in November and December renewals. Did you see that also?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, first of all, when you look at our wholesale operation, there's two different operations, we've got our open brokerage business and then basically we've got our program business in that. When you look at our open wholesale business, we had a really nice, nice quarter and our – some of our program business we are seeing some of that move into the standard lines to a certain extent, new business start-ups weren't quite as robust, still they posted a decent quarter. And (38:05), remember as a retailer if it moves from the wholesale business into the retail space, we stand to pick that up over on our retail side.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then as far as a number of the charges, for the year it looks like between acquisition and integration some of the other adjustments, it was almost negative, it was almost negative $0.70. That seems – if we're seeing it last year more than you had thought. What was, I guess – what costs more compared to what you thought originally last year?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. I think, our costs, overall when I step back and look at it. Our integration in areas like the U.S. with Bollinger or when you look at Canada, when you look at New Zealand and Australia, all of them came right in with where we expected the integration efforts in cost come up. Over the last couple years, we've probably spent an extra $50 million in the UK to put together the four different retailers that we basically have bought to become the top-five broker there. So that's the – probably, if you look back over the last couple of years, that's the difference in the spend there. Other adjustments we had – all of them are right in line with what we telegraphed in December that we had a non-cash write-off related to a wholesaler down in Australia, that the channel conflicts that developed as a result of that when we bought Wesfarmers we had owned the wholesaler before that, when you buy a big retailer, it does cause some channel conflict there, so we had a non-cash write-off there that cost us about $0.09, something like that. Other than that, most of them are coming in right where we expect them to come in.
Adam Klauber: Okay and as far as the UK retail integration, do you think that's mainly done or is that kind of – is there some extra charges next year for this year, for that offset?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, we say that, our integration costs will be less than half of what they were, and most of that relates to the UK integration in 2015. So when you – if you look at the CFO Commentary, we talk about the – we expect that it cost us $0.17 to $0.19 next year in integration costs and this year the number was more like $0.40.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell: And then we sat and then – I think, Pat said and I said about that we expect that to be substantially done by the end of 2016.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then as far as working capital in 2016 do you think that will expand or decline?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen I think the amount of money that we can shake out of our working capital balances will be substantially higher. I made a comment in the early part of my script that when we get done with lot of these legal entity consolidations that frees up a substantial amount of working capital for us. So even though it's in our cash balances right now, it actually creates bottom extra $100 million of available cash for us.
Adam Klauber: And do you think that will come out in 2016?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, by the end of 2016, we're pretty well done with most of the integration, so that would be the spot we'd be able to see it available to use for acquisitions, et cetera.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay. So that – but to be techno, should that be throughout the year or more should we see that in the back half?
Douglas K. Howell: I don't have the – I don't – I just got an email yesterday we consolidated 15 legal entities over there. They struck them off as of January 26. I have to go back to see how much was in that 26 legal entities that we struck off in the UK, just see how much cash. I don't have that exactly for you, but...
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: Certainly, by the end of the year.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then one other, could you remind me, there is an exclusion for client runoff of $17.5 million, what is that again?
Douglas K. Howell: Remember we had the program in Australia. This is in the Risk Management segment of that. That basically is running off of a portfolio of claims that we're running off there. So, we won't see revenues from that again.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Adam.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Josh D. Shanker: Hey, good morning, everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Josh.
Josh D. Shanker: Good morning. So, Doug and I have had a friendly argument over the last year, then – and often times, Doug's response was, look if somebody who wants to sell to our business, they want stock, we're going to give them stock. And now, you're saying that that's probably the doors closed for that in 2016. Can we talk about the change of heart a little bit?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, let me clarify that is that if we have somebody that really wants our stock, if they need it in a tax-free reorg, we might give it to them, and then we'll just buy shares back in the market to keep the share count at level.
Josh D. Shanker: So, you're still open-minded to it, but you're going to dilute shareholders in any stock transaction?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, first of all, none of these are dilutive. We're buying at 7 times – 7.5 times. We don't see that as dilutive, but it is something that we do not see ourselves waiting in just stock. If somebody have to have it for a certain structure, then we'll have what – we have ways in order to minimize the impact on shares outstanding, but I wouldn't consider it to be dilutive.
Josh D. Shanker: All right. And so, my other question, (43:15) what would have to happen for you to think your stock is more attractive than doing acquisitions?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I think you got to look at it over the long term. I think that in this case, we really are having success with our smaller acquisition growing. As a matter of fact, we had one deal that – one merger that was $50 million in revenue, if you take that one out our weighted average multiple is somewhere around 7 times, 7.2 times. We see a pipeline right now that is robust. We like our ideas of growing the franchise. When you buy a share of stock back, you don't get trade into London, you don't get using our niches, you don't get organic growth ultimately out of a share stock repurchase, but you still have a lot of opportunities to grow out our franchise, especially here in the U.S. There are cities we just don't have presence in right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, besides, Josh, so let me make a comment. This is Pat. When we do an acquisition, we want a continuing revenue stream and we want an earnings stream, that's a given. But we're putting great resources, terrific people into the company and that's very hard to put a price on. I mean, our pricing folks do a good job of holding the line, as Doug said earlier, we don't dilute our shareholders, but on top of it these are new producers, these are new teams. You don't do that acquisition and someone else does, it's gone forever. So I've answered this question over 30 years the same way. When we've got a great acquisition partner that we want to put on, I'll buy that all day over buying a share.
Josh D. Shanker: I understand. And then just in the improved margin outlook for the risk management business. Do you feel there is a ceiling to just how good the margins get on this business or can you always find ways to improve it and even though 2017 has a very excellent margin, do you think there is an opportunity ever to make that better?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, I think that the great strides have been made over the last five years. We've just done a tremendous job of retooling that business. The management team down there is and the fact that we're growing organically in the 10% range really shows that we have an offering that we consistently demonstrate better claim outcomes than what their other choices are out there in the marketplace. Where do I see margins ultimately on that business? Not nearly as geared business as the Brokerage segment is. When you pick up a new client, you have to put adjusters behind the desk and you've got to be ready to handle claims. So we feel comfortable with 17 points of margin right now, we'll take a look at it at the end of this year, see how we do and we'll either adjust next year or we'll leave it 17 points for another year. But that business it's a scale business, there's great opportunities for it. It's a value-added business, so it's not a commodity. So over time, we'll see where margins ultimately get.
Josh D. Shanker: Okay. Well, congratulations to both David and Joel on the transition all set RPS.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: That's a nice comment.
Josh D. Shanker: Take care. Thanks guys.
Douglas K. Howell: We're going to miss Dave around here so...
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Quentin McMillan with KBW. Please proceed with your questions.
Quentin McMillan: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. And Doug thanks very much for the comments around share repo. I just had a – not share repo, share – just maintaining flat shares. Just had a quick question in terms of the stock comp and what you'd be using for a number this year for stock based compensation growth in the shares? I think you had said at the Investor Day maybe around $1 million, is that a decent estimate for the year?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, if you look at the back of our investor supplement, we actually have a schedule in there that shows the change in shares outstanding up on page 16 of that supplement and if you look at the impact that's related to stock based compensation for employees, it ends up adding about $1 million or $1.2 million a year in our shares. Now, we also have some that lapses off, but by and large if you assume a $1 million a year, that's about right.
Quentin McMillan: So, that's a pretty decent estimate, if we're not going to use anything for M&A, of what the share growth should be this year, assuming no repurchase?
Douglas K. Howell: That's right.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. Thanks so much. Secondly just in terms of what your debt addition is going to be and holding that leverage ratio constant, if we look at the midpoint of that $200 million to $300 million, so $250 million at a 2.5 times leverage ratio, that implies sort of a $100 million of EBITDAC growth, is that a fair thought of what you guys are looking for without being too specific?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. That's right.
Quentin McMillan: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: Might be a little – maybe that's about right.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. And then last, if I could just touch on Gallagher Bassett and follow-up on what Josh started asking there. You are – you've mentioned that you are investing specifically in Gallagher Bassett and you mentioned Luminos and other initiatives that you have going on, but you also just said the 10% organic growth range. First, do you still think that that business in 2016 and maybe the foreseeable future is going to grow kind of in that close to double digits range? And secondly, at that kind of very impressive organic growth, is there still operating leverage in that business, and if not, kind of why won't there be some operating leverage coming through?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, on the organic or one thing about it, when you get into our international operations, there is kind of some stair step growth, that happens with that business. Much of our business in Australia can be in large programs and so you can see kind of flat growth for a year or so, and then all of a sudden we pick up a nice big client, and it happens. So, you get a pop-up in organic. Domestically, I think that we're competing out there at a terrific range. We think the margins of 17% still allow them to continue to build out their product offering and the leverage on it is just the fact that this is a – this is still highly intensive people business and when you get claims, you got to put adjusters on behind the desk in order to pay those claims. So we're comfortable with 17% growth, high single digit type growth, 17% margin, high single digit organic growth that's kind of where we feel the business is right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And by the way, I'd comment, I believe that 17% is significantly best in-class.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. Great. And just so if I could sneak one more in on there. Just in terms of the way that we think about the business, is the softer rate environment actually a benefit to Gallagher Bassett in some capacity because some of your smaller clients might be looking to strip out costs and looking for ways to not have to have those claims adjusters on their own payroll or does it net out with something or maybe that's not quite the right way to think about it?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, that's not the right way to think about it. What we – a hard market is a great growth market for Gallagher Bassett because it pushes more clients into the alternative market. They will self insure. When markets soften, clients will purchase insurance at lower levels of retentions and sometimes that's not – that's a headwind for GB.
Douglas K. Howell: But by and large the reason why a client would use Gallagher Bassett is because the claim outcomes on their loss experience are better. That's the – so anything you think about it, what's the behavior of our client or a carrier to outsource a certain vertical of claim management with – we do work for carriers too, is that when they see the claim outcomes that Gallagher Bassett demonstrate, we're paying almost $10 billion of claims through Gallagher Bassett. We have tremendous expertise and we can demonstrate our claim outcomes are better.
Quentin McMillan: Great. Thanks so much for the answers guys and congrats on the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Sarah E. DeWitt: Hi, good morning. On the brokerage organic growth guidance of 2.5% to 3.5% next year. If we look out a bit longer-term over the next couple of years, is that a reasonable range to anticipate or do you think it could get better or do you think it could get worse?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sarah, I have no clue. If the market goes in the tank, I've been through four cycles. If the market goes in the tank, like it did in 2005, 2006, our organic is going to suffer. If the market tightens and let's face it, there is some controversy out there right now, you've got little bit of firming going on in places like Australia, New Zealand, got a little bit of controversy with some of our larger trading partners that are having some management issues, and there's some renewed discipline around that. If you get a harder market 2001, 2002, significant double-digit organic. So, the market makes a huge difference, how we do a new business makes a huge difference. If we keep our retentions that's a huge – that makes a huge – that plays a huge role. I have no idea.
Sarah E. DeWitt: Okay. And then, I'd also just be curious on your view on the P&C market. How do you think that plays out over the next couple of years, does it get more competitive or we can start to see some tightening with the some dislocation at large players and M&A?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I'd tell you – I've said this many times. I've been very – I've been pleased and interested to find that over the last five years, I would say the PC market globally, and also very much in United States has really by and large been flat. I mean, if you go back and look at the charts starting in about 1970, this market was violently cyclical, you'd have times when rates were going up 30% and 40% and times when rates were falling 15% to 25% through the 1990s, it seemed never ending. Companies kept going broke, and prices kept getting cut. You get through 2001, you have a violent hard market that softened substantially in 2005, 2006, but literally, since about 2007, maybe 2008 this marketplace has been pretty flat. And I would consider the present environment which is about 4% off on general business to 10% off on large property schedules, essentially with the exception of that property, 4% off is pretty close to flat when you're used to what I've seen cyclically. So I do predict that management of these carriers today has – have better information, they absolutely understand loss cost inflation and they're going to fight hard not to have a deterioration in their returns. So my view is that I think they'll find a way to get that back closer to flat because they need to make money in underwriting to have any kind of return.
Sarah E. DeWitt: Great. Thanks for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You're welcome.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Sarah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Kai Pan: Thank you, and good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Kai.
Kai Pan: So first question probably for Pat. In the past you commented on – in the stable pricing environment actually ideal for your producers to gain new business while the retention rate have been stable. But now and the pricing coming down to mid-single digit level, do you think the buyers buying behavior, shopping behavior changed that make it – would impact your producers, like either on the retention side or gaining new business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I think that it probably helps us with new business. We got a little bit more of a story to talk about. But again I would comment that anywhere around 4% to 5% off is a pretty stable market. If I'm doing a good job for a client and I'm sitting down talking to two of them about their renewal, and I say, look I think that this carrier has been a good partner for a long time, they've paid their claims, et cetera. And they're willing to come in at two points off, my suggestion as an advisor is to renew it. You'll renew 90% plus of those accounts. So, competition is fierce all the time in the business, but if – in a market like this I think our story is all about capabilities and about service. It really is about doing a great job on service, doing a great job for the client on the transaction and being a trusted advisor.
Kai Pan: It's great. Then finally a larger picture question is really looking at – on the personal side, basically you see the direct distribution actually taking share in the marketplace. I just wondered what's your view on the direct distribution commercial line especially in the small and middle-market commercial distribution, because you heard Berkshire Hathaway started sort of online distribution on the commercial lines. I just wonder, what do you think the – both on the challenges side as well as opportunities side for you guys?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think there's tremendous opportunities and there's some challenges on the small business side.I think a lot of that will be traded electronically. Once you get up to having some real assets, you want a trusted advisor that sits in front of you, that's not changing.
Kai Pan: Okay. Great. Well, thank you so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Farrell with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel D. Farrell: Doug, just a quick numbers question. Do you – and I apologize if I missed this in your comments, do you happen to have the operating cash flow number for fourth quarter? It would seem that cash ended relatively high, so I'm assuming it was up?
Douglas K. Howell: I don't have it here in front of me, but we did show good strong cash flows in the fourth quarter. If you look at this year, I think since September 30, I think, we're up $120 million in cash, compared to where we were at September 30, and then maybe $180 million more than what we had at the end of 2014. I said that – in our balance sheet, right now, there is about $275 million of truly free cash in it. So, yeah, there was strong operating cash flow in the fourth quarter.
Daniel D. Farrell: So, then if I look at your balance sheet cash, your conservative assumption of what you'll generate in free cash flow and then your debt raise that you're looking to potentially do, it would seem that you could not only do the amount of acquisitions that you did last year, but probably exceed that if you saw the opportunities. Is that a fair statement or is there anything else that I'm missing there?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, we could exceed the amounts that we had – that we did this last year. If we could use all the free cash in our balance sheet and if we can borrow at 2.5 times, the new EBITDAC that we get and our new cash flow we could do more than what we did last year.
Daniel D. Farrell: Okay. And then one other thing, is there anything with regard to this debt raise that you're thinking about a little longer term that positions you for some of the upcoming debt maturities? I know you have one coming up in 2017. Could that – is in the back of your mind, is that part of providing some flexibility, potentially around that?
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, I said that in my comments early that there – we have that $300 million tranche that comes due in 2017. We'll look at this, we'll look at how things look here in the second quarter and it might make sense that we pull -pull some down. It really makes no sense to prepay that, just because of the defeasance cost on that. But it could be one of those things where we pull a little bit down, we may use our line next year to refinance some of that too at lower interest rates, but it is all the things that we're taking a look at right now.
Daniel D. Farrell: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Dan.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your questions.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Thank you. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Sorry, if you got into a little bit more detail on this previously, but I think you had said your benefits business you look for more organic in 2016, and I think you had cited the increasing complexity from ACA. What's more complex this year than last year, and how much more growth do you think you'll get in 2016?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So, I think, what's more complex is that the rules just keeping being changed and rewritten. You've seen just an example, someone brought up the Cadillac Tax that everybody was expecting to get started in 2016 has been pushed back a couple years. That – those things just make up for a whole another round of discussions with your clients. You're preparing them, you don't know the answer if the self-funded part of the individual's cost is calculated into the calculation for Cadillac Tax or isn't, that makes a huge difference on what our clients will or won't fund, or they're going to put their employees, and all of a sudden that changes. So there is – there's stuff that goes on like that literally ever week. We've got 23 people, 24 people in our compliance department, and the head of that writes an email to all of us about once every week to two weeks, and it's four pages long of new updates on what the rules are. So, it's – those complexities just drive a lot more activity for us and we hope to bill it.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Does that mean there's more meaningful changes among your clients, they're doing more wholesale, redesigns to benefits plans; is that the way we should read it?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Okay, and more so this year than last year. And then – I'm sorry – the magnitude of that difference?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I don't know, Mark. I don't know if can position that for you. It's more – it's just more activity. I can't really give you a number around it.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Okay. And then on the wage front, something that might have come up in the earlier meeting, maybe one of the Analyst Days. Anything in terms of competitive pressure for brokers, anything on the retention front or wage front that's worth noting?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I mean, it's a war for talent every single day, that's why culture is so important. And yes, we're doing everything we can to make sure we have the best place in this industry to work and give the best resources to those people that work here and pay them really well.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Got you. And then I'll assume from your more enthusiasm, a great enthusiasm about the organic outlook that January was a pretty good month for you, is that fair?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No comment.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Okay. And from me, I wish Dave McGurn well also.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, that's nice of you, Mark. He's doing great.
Douglas K. Howell: He's in Florida already.
Mark Douglas Hughes: Good for him.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, no, we're going to keep Dave involved, that's one of the things that I'm really excited about. These are guys that are – at a point in time, where they want to do have less responsibility, but don't want to disassociate, and that's wonderful. Brenda, any more questions?
Operator: Our next – yes, our last question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Please proceed with your questions. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Yeah. Thanks. Pat when you were discussing the outlook for brokerage organic growth. I think, you discussed that line, your thoughts on the P&C market with Sarah, but you sound pretty upbeat on economic exposure. If you look at the equity markets at least, it's- depressing and some probability of a global recession. I'm just wondering if the U.S. went into a mild recession, which is not our best case, what does that do to organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It hurts it. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Is there anything in particular that makes you feel more upbeat than some others about economic exposure at least where you play?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah. First of all, our largest location still remains the United States and my view on the economy in United States is – and I'm no economist, but when I talk to our midmarket retail PC and benefit employers, I would not say they're elated, but they are hiring. The foot isn't off the break, but they are hiring. Payrolls are up, unemployment is down, strengthening dollar certainly doesn't help exports, but it certainly does signify that we've got a pretty darn strong economy in the United States. When I look at Canada, anything that's exposed to energy or natural resources is down, but beyond that, then beyond the knock on affect, Canada seems to be pretty, okay. New Zealand is strong, Australia is a bit week, again based on the economic impact of energy and natural resources, but not drastically. So – and again, we're not that exposed to those industries. So, I kind of look around and go, where we're playing, we tend to be in a pretty good spot and the United States seems like it's okay. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. All right. That's great. And just one quick one for Doug, regarding the change in FX guidance. Were there any large drivers behind that?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I just think if you take a look at in December 16, when were last all together together, the £ was somewhere around $1.50 and it's somewhere around $1.42 now. And if you look at the Canadian dollar and Australia dollar, it's recovered a lot – a little bit in the last week and a half, but it was 70% and it's down to 73%, it's down 70%. So you see that in just a – in a month, we've had a substantial strengthening in the U.S. dollar, that's the only difference that we're seeing there. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Got it. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Sean.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Sean.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Brenda, any other questions.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back over to you for closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure. Thanks everyone for joining us. We're really excited about what we accomplished in 2015 and we're optimistic for 2016. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened to questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call, and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the third quarter call. This morning, as is the norm, I am joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. I'm very pleased with our quarter. When you look at all operations, all-in, adjusted revenues are up 9%, adjusted EBITDAC is up 11%, all-in organic growth was 4.1% and total company-adjusted EPS is up 15%. Our Brokerage results were strong again, adjusted revenues up 10%, 3% of which were organic, adjusted EBITDAC is up 10% and our margins expanded by about 10 basis points. Risk Management had an outstanding quarter. Revenues were up 9%, all of which is organic. Adjusted EBITDAC is up 15% and margins improved by 90 basis points. And our clean energy investments had a terrific quarter. All in all, just a great quarter, which I think is a testament to our strong sales culture. We work very hard to serve our clients and to aggressively pursue new ones every single day. Mergers and acquisitions continues to be a key strategy for us. In the quarter, we completed five mergers, all in the Brokerage segment. Our first nine months, we've done nearly 30 acquisitions, with about $180 million of new revenues, and our pipeline remains very strong. As I do every quarter, I want to thank all of our new partners for joining us and extend a very warm welcome to our growing family. Our late-2013 and mid-2014 larger acquisitions are integrating very well. In the last few months, I've had a chance to visit many of our new branches in New Jersey, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the U.K., and I thought I would comment on those today. First, let me start with New Jersey. That's our Bollinger acquisition that we did in the fall of 2013. We're done with integration and fully converted onto the AJG platform. We separated the retail, benefits and wholesale businesses into our respective verticals, merged four offices, brought in their accounting; migrated 800 folks onto our payroll, email and VOIP systems, converted all of our customers onto our agency management system and rebranded to Arthur J. Gallagher. And we did it in about 18 months start to stop and we believe we're now the largest broker in New Jersey. In September, I was in our New Zealand and Australia offices, which we purchased in June of 2014. Barely with us just a year, Steve Lockwood and his team had already separated our IT structure from Wesfarmers, built a new data center, migrated employees onto our systems and rebranded our Australian business to Gallagher. The only thing we have left in early 2016 is to decommission an old data center, which is less than $1 million, and we will be done. I also visited our Canadian offices, which we purchased in July 2014. Ken Keenan and his team have fully separated from the former parent and are rolling out the new agency management system, which is the same one we use in the U.S., which should give us good economies of scale. We are rebranding; we are upgrading infrastructure. While there's some effort left in 2016, the cost to complete the integration should be less than $5 million. Finally, I was in the U.K. in June and more recent progress reports show Chily and his team are doing a fantastic job pushing forward the integration of the businesses we purchased in 2014. Remember, Giles, Oval, our legacy Gallagher, plus remnants of Heath and a dozen smaller mergers occurred in 2014. Well, rebranding is done, offices are being consolidated. We moved from nine data centers to two. Legal entities are being consolidated. We started with nearly 200 and by the end of 2016, we'll be down to 25 or 30 key operating entities. We had about 100 duplicative IT applications; we've decommissioned 25 and expect another 20 to be gone by mid-2016. More impressive, we've migrated nearly 250,000 retail customers onto our key retail platform. We expect to spend about $30 million in the U.K. during 2016 to finalize the integration process. I'll be there again in two weeks and I'm sure the progress will be impressive. And while that was a lot of about building a great fighter jet, let me talk about the pilots, our producers and field sales leaders. In every single location I visited, they are pumped up. They're excited about how their local relationships, combined with Gallagher's global resources, can sell more insurance. They're using our niches. They're using our sales playbooks. They're sourcing nice tuck-in mergers. They're interacting with our professionals globally, as if they've been part of the family for decades. Simply put, they embody our unique Gallagher culture. Let me move now to the property casualty rate environment. With the exception of large catastrophe-exposed property, rates are by and large flat and very much in line with what we saw in the second quarter. All in, rates and economy negatively influenced our organic results by less than a point in the quarter. Internationally, Australia and New Zealand are seeing by far the most downward pressure, especially in auto. The U.K. is similar to the U.S. and Canada is flat to up a bit. Our wholesale business, Risk Placement Services, had a strong quarter. Remember, RPS places a number of large catastrophe-exposed property schedules, so to post over 6% organic growth in spite of the softening property market is really good work. Our employee benefits team is very busy assisting our customers as they manage their benefits and HR needs. In August, we released the results of our annual benefits strategy and benchmarking survey, one of the largest of its kind, with over 3,000 U.S. businesses participating. Interest in the results of this research is greater than ever and we are finding that employers are still struggling to navigate the impact of the Affordable Care Act. Balancing increasing cost and complexity with the need to attract and retain the best and the brightest, this environment presents us with ongoing growth opportunities, as our depth of resources and professionalism of our consultants continues to distinguish Gallagher. In addition, our private label insurance exchange, the Gallagher Marketplace, is seeing very high interest and a good number of clients have committed to moving to the exchange. Year-to-date, we have 79 clients in the exchange and estimate that the number of enrolled and committed employee lives will be about 40,000 by year-end. As I said earlier, our Risk Management business, Gallagher Bassett, had a great quarter, with top-line growth of 9% and all of which is organic. We've mentioned Gallagher Bassett's investments and their product offerings in the past. Let me give you an example. During the third quarter, we introduced the new RISX-FACS, our proprietary claims management system and Luminos, our state-of-the-art risk management information system platform. All these systems have been in production for a short period of time and both of them have been extremely well received by GB's clients, business partners and employees. Gallagher Bassett's stated goal is simply to provide our clients globally with the best claims outcomes. So all in all, what I think is really a great quarter. And I'll turn it over to you, Doug.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Like you said, the third quarter was another strong quarter for Gallagher, so it's nice to have three of them behind us this year. Let's start with the first page, the Brokerage segment adjusted EPS was $0.57. As for foreign currency, you'll see about $0.02 this quarter and we expect that amount again in the fourth quarter, but very low impact in 2016 assuming today's exchange rates. But foreign currency still seems to be the biggest modeling challenge. So, to control for the impact of foreign currency, I think you should go back and first reduce your 2014 fourth quarter total reported revenues by about $25 million. That will get you to about $770 million last year fourth quarter. Then apply your organic growth pick to that number. Next, add rollover revenues from M&A that we show on page 15 of our Investor Supplement, plus your pick for new M&A in the fourth quarter and assume most of those close in December. If you follow this approach, in that order, that should help you refine your models. As for integration, Pat spent a lot of time today going over the status of each of our integration efforts around the world and our expected cost to complete in 2016. In total, we're seeing that add up to about $0.08 or so of integration costs in the fourth quarter of 2015, then down to about $0.06 in the first quarter of 2016, $0.05 in Q2, $0.03 in Q3 and in Q4 of 2016, and by then we should be done. Turning to page three to the Brokerage segment organic revenue growth. First, note that all of our larger international mergers are now fully reflected in our organic computations. In total, they posted about 2.5% organic growth. The U.K. portion was over 3%, Canada was over 6%, New Zealand was 2% and Australia was down about 4% reflecting a soft market Pat mentioned a few minutes ago. I think this is absolutely outstanding performance, especially given they're still working through integration and just getting to be comfortable working within the Gallagher family of professionals. Moving to page four, to the Brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table near the bottom of the page. As we forecasted in our last call, margins came in about flat – actually up about 10 basis points, which is actually really good work by the team in a 3% organic growth environment. Looking forward, last year, our Brokerage segment posted about 24.4 points of adjusted margin in the fourth quarter. If we post 3% this coming fourth quarter, and I'm not saying we will or we won't post that, I wouldn't expect to see margins above 25% if we did. Finally, on the Brokerage segment, here are some noncash estimates for the fourth quarter. For depreciation, assume about $17 million of expense; for amortization, about $58 million. Acquisition earn-out amortization expense, assume about $5 million. And then as we do more M&A, for every dollar we spend, you'll need to increase amortization about 1% of the purchase price per quarter, and that should get you close. Now, let's turn to the Risk Management segment on page five. As Pat said a couple times, really an excellent quarter across the board. Of the 9.3% organic growth, domestic was about 9% and international was pushing 11%. Looking forward, as you model the fourth quarter, two items to remember: First, you need to reduce fourth quarter 2014 revenues by about $5 million for FX and then also reduce it again by about $4.5 million for the large Australian client that went into runoff last year. That should give you an adjusted 2014 fourth quarter total revenue of about $162 million of revenues. Then apply your organic growth percentage pick to that adjusted number. As for margins, we again blew past our 16.5% target margin this quarter, but that said, I see us more towards that 16.5% target in the fourth quarter of 2015. Also, for Risk Management depreciation, model about $6 million in the fourth quarter and you'll get close. Okay. Let's now shift to page six, to the Corporate segment shortcut table. Two items make it a little noisy, so please take time to look at footnotes three and four to that shortcut table. In note three, you'll see the $22.3 million net gain from the litigation settlement. And then in note four, you'll read that we had positive timing on our clean energy investments that pulled about $11 million of earnings from the fourth quarter into the third, which again results mostly to the timing of the litigation settlement hitting in the third quarter. Next, flip to page seven to the table where we show what we might ultimately earn from our clean energy investments. The team made tremendous progress in the third quarter. Demand for our plants surged and we're now down to only a few plants that are not earmarked for a host utility. Footnote one to that table says we won't fully reach the numbers in 2016 but by 2017, we should have a decent chance at hitting them. If we do, we'll see about 15% year-on-year growth in both 2016 and 2017 from our clean energy investments. Then if you turn to page 14 of our Investor Supplement, we've updated our estimates for the fourth quarter of 2015 to reflect the timing I just mentioned and as you work on your 2016 models, just assume about $17 million of interest expense per quarter, about $2 million of M&A costs per quarter, $5 million of corporate costs, and about $4.5 million of litigation settlement costs. Then for clean energy, just bump up 2015 quarterly numbers by about 15% and that will get you close enough for now. I'll update all this in our January call. Also to be clear, all of the numbers I just gave you were after-tax net earnings. Finally, some comments on our M&A program. To-date, our average multiple paid is 6.8 times EBITDAC. Our weighted average multiple is 7.6 and if you exclude the one platform deal that we did, all of the other mergers' weighted average multiple paid is less than 7 times EBITDAC. When I look at our fourth quarter pipeline, I see the potential to close another dozen or so tuck-in mergers, also at about a 7x multiple. Simply put, we're looking for committed partners that want to stay in the business, join our family of professionals, use our capabilities to sell more insurance and take a fair price for their agency. Based on that pipeline, we intend on using cash and debt to fund most all of it. If so, our forecasted fully diluted weighted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter will be about flat to this quarter. So, those are my comments for this quarter and like I said to start, another really strong quarter. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you. Manny, I think we're ready for questions now and hopefully, some answers.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Hi. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Elyse B. Greenspan: First question, I was hoping in terms of the Brokerage organic growth, was there any seasonality when we look at the 3% kind of number overall, just to kind of set expectations for the fourth quarter? Anything that impacted that seasonally or any one-timer is in that number?
Douglas K. Howell: No. That would've been reflected already in that. So our international deals, our international operations, they do have slightly lower seasonality in the third quarter, but nothing that would impact it dramatically.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Okay. And then just to make sure, when you gave the organic growth numbers, that was just for the acquisitions, right, in the Brokerage segment? How was the organic growth for the U.S. overall and also internationally just on an overall basis?
Douglas K. Howell: The U.S. organic was just a tad below 3%, international is just a touch above 3%, so not too terribly far off either way.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Okay. And then I noticed the integration costs, I think they were a bit higher than you had pointed to this quarter; is that because some charges were pushed up and you kind of – some of the integration is getting done sooner than you had previously expected?
Douglas K. Howell: In there, there's $0.02 of a balance sheet clean-up item that we cleaned up that actually was a non-cash clean-up item that drove that number up just a little bit, but it had nothing to do with the current operations or the current activities. It just was a balance sheet receivable that didn't come in.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Okay. That's great. And then it was – you gave a great outlook in terms of the markets globally. In terms of Australia, would you say – it seems like overall – I know that's been a bit of a troubling market, but have things changed? Or it's more just kind of being consistent with what you've seen throughout the year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It's been very consistent. It's a soft market, and that's downward pressure. It's the old soft market playbook.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. Actually, it's consistent with the market when we bought the OAMPS acquisition down there. As a matter of fact, the Australian operations actually are coming in at their budget or slightly better, so the reality of it is, the market is a – it's been a known market for us there. It's nothing surprising to us. It's just the reality of the market.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And their economy is soft.
Elyse B. Greenspan: Okay. Thanks so much, and congrats on a great quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Hey, thanks. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Ryan. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) First question is just on Brokerage margins. I think this one's probably for Doug. But thinking back to last call, I think comparing it to the third quarter of last year when you guys did 26.8%, I think Doug called out some headwinds for why that would be difficult perhaps to repeat. I'm just wondering, from your perspective, what allowed you to deliver better than that this quarter? Were there maybe some expenses that got pushed to the fourth quarter or anything along those lines?
Douglas K. Howell: Actually, the team did a great job of just hitting their budget. We forecasted it to be flat. We mentioned that in our last call. The fact that we posted 3% all-in organic growth, that's about where we thought it would be, so there was nothing special in that. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. That's helpful. And then just on wholesale, I guess another strong quarter there. What's driving that? And how should we think about the outlook there, I guess, over the next – in the near to medium term, given some of the pricing headwinds I think Pat called out in property?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, part of that, Ryan, we're the largest MGA in the country, and so our underwriting operations are doing very, very well. But, our open market broking folks are as well. So, it's – we're soft on the property placements and that's a big part of what they do, but we're doing a very good job of generating new business. We've had some nice acquisitions there that are performing well over the last couple of years and our MGAs are doing extremely well. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sean Dargan of Macquarie. Please go ahead. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thanks, good morning. Just following up on Elyse's question about Australia, in talking to some people down there, they've indicated that Steadfast and Austbrokers have been pretty aggressive in trying to pick off your producers. And I realize it's a slowing economy and a soft market, but to what degree has stepped-up competition among local players impacted your organic growth there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Very little. I'd say at the very outset of the acquisition, we had a blip in some turnover and the turnover is very nicely under control now. So, we're not seeing an excessive turnover whatsoever. As I said, my trip down there was exciting because the team is young and pumped up, and they've got a lot of good things going and there are a lot of things that we're bringing to the table for them that – our strategies and capabilities that they weren't doing under the conglomerate, Wesfarmers. Not that Wesfarmers had anything wrong; it was just a piece of a conglomerate. This is the business we're in. So, we're not losing people by and large to our competitors down there and in fact, I think they're excited about the fact that we bring them a lot more capabilities. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. And then I believe you have about 30% market share in New Zealand with Crombie Lockwood; is there any room to expand that? Or is that about as deep as you can go there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We think we can expand it. Now, it's a small country and we've got a big share. But, truthfully, we're underrepresented in the corporate marketplace there and we're not represented in the public sector clients there, and those are two things that we're very strong in the United States. So, we've got people traveling to New Zealand and Australia from the U.S. in our vertical niche capabilities and we think we can expand that. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Thanks. And then just one last question about the clean energy strategy. I think some investors were more surprised to see the 15% annualized growth through 2017. And there's a steady drumbeat of articles in the press about natural gas killing off coal and I think some folks were concerned about the administration's clean air proposal. I'm just wondering if you can give us any color about what's driving the utilization of your plants?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. Great question. First, I don't know why anybody was surprised. I've said that – essentially, if you go back a year ago, we said that 2016 – or 2015 would be a little bit of a flat year compared to the 2014, and then we'd have another step-up in 2016 and 2017. So that message has been very consistent for the last 15 months. The surge in activity, we actually talked about that also in our call that we get a lot of surge of activity in August and September as host utilities look at their capital budgets for next year, so that's when the robust activity occurs. Now, next – in your question, let's work backwards from the Clean Air Act. That really takes effect in 2022. If it goes in and it's graded into 2030, those – remember, our plants last produce tax credits in 2021. So, we don't see those as having a big issue, or that law having a big issue with respect to running our plants through 2021. Next, we – our plants are better, they're more efficient. Or excuse me, the host utilities where we put our plants are better, they're more efficient, they're earlier on in the dispatch curve. And so, as a result, they're less likely to be retired than the broader fleet. So, I don't think it's good to use historical trends to predict what will happen to our 20 different locations. There's about 600 different utility plants out there and we're operating about 20 of them, and they're better and less likely to retire. Second of all, the displacement of natural gas, you can go out to the Energy Information Administration web site and you can see that the displacement of coal to use natural gas, there was a surge in that over the last five years. But, even that official site doesn't predict that happening, certainly not between 2021. So, we think our plants are better-positioned. I think they're less likely – and frankly, we sit at the strategic table with our host utilities and we know in advance of what their plans are. And frankly, if they're going to retire a plant, we won't put in one of our clean energy plants. So we believe our plants will run through 2021. They're at better locations. They're not subjected to natural gas. They're better placed in the dispatch curve, better placed regionally in terms of coal versus natural gas utilization. So, I don't see the risk that these plants will be displaced the way the broader fleet might have been. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell: Sure.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: A couple of different questions. On the share count, you've issued roughly – sorry, you've issued roughly 12 million shares. In the release, I think you identify 7 million due to acquisitions and earn-outs. What are the other 5 million for?
Douglas K. Howell: Let's see. I don't know where you got your 12 million from, but the difference in there year-to-date that excludes the secondary offering that we did in 2014 numbers. So, the 7 million of shares – I'd have to look to see where you're getting the 12 million number. Sorry, I don't know.
Adam Klauber: The 12 million, you started the year at, I believe, 164 million – 164.5 million, and I think you're at 176.5 million as far as...
Douglas K. Howell: Oh, I see what you're asking. It's the dribble-out shares that are in there when we did our ATM.
Adam Klauber: I'm sorry, what are those shares for – being used for?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, we use those for acquisitions throughout the year. Remember, we used the dribble-out in order to really buy the William Gallagher agency.
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: So the 12 million shares, if you go back to year-to-date, those are the shares that went out to fund acquisitions this year. I don't believe we're going to use any here in the fourth quarter and our outlook for 2016 is not to use hardly any shares either.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then as far as the William Gallagher deal, what's the earn-out on that deal?
Douglas K. Howell: We don't have an earn-out.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: There's no earn-out.
Adam Klauber: No earn-out. Okay. And then as far as, you laid out the acquisition costs for this year and next year. In the press release, you have two different lines. You've got acquisition costs, but then you've got workforce or restructuring. Is the number you laid out...
Douglas K. Howell: That's workforce & lease terminations, yes.
Adam Klauber: Yes. Thank you. Is the number laid out, does that include the lease termination?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, it does.
Adam Klauber: That does? Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: But lease termination related to other activities and lease termination primarily not related to the acquisition. If it's integration-related severance or lease termination, it goes in the acquisition integration line. If it's just other workforce and lease termination that we're doing as we downsize some of our locations just through natural – that's where we put it, in the workforce and lease termination line.
Adam Klauber: Okay. That's helpful. And then as far as operating cash flow related to working capital, do you think that will add to cash flow this year or take away from cash flow?
Douglas K. Howell: What was the question, Adam? Just say again. Sorry.
Adam Klauber: Sure. Operating cash flow related to working capital, do you think that's going to help operating cash flow or hurt operating cash flow this year?
Douglas K. Howell: I think that we're going to have a positive to cash flow on working capital because as we go through the integration and we consolidate massive amounts of – like for instance, we have over 400 different bank accounts related to the acquisitions that we did with Giles, Oval primarily. As we consolidate those bank accounts, we believe we'll be able to free up more cash. Right now, we have about $200 million of cash in the banks around the world that we can scrape together and use more efficiently once we go through the remaining pieces of our integration efforts. So that should improve working capital.
Adam Klauber: So should that be more 2016, or will – should that be more 2016?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think we'll shake most of it out in 2016.
Adam Klauber: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Newsome: Congratulations on the quarter. Maybe just a little bit more about the types of deals that you're looking for prospectively and maybe in the context of, obviously, some areas have become more competitive in terms of looking for types of deals, are you ending up looking at things in different geographies than you were say a few months ago and such?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, if you recall, one of the things we were excited about as we came into 2015 is the fact that these moves that we made in New Zealand, Australia, Canada and the U.K. gave us credible platforms to be able to do bolt-on and tuck-in acquisitions. And we signaled that we would be back to doing our normal acquisitions and that's in fact what we've done. If you look at 29 transactions and about $180 million, you get an idea of kind of what our average revenue is on these deals. And I will tell you that the pipelines that have built in Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. and Canada are becoming more robust every single month. So it's absolutely working the way that we had hoped it would work. We're a credible buyer now in those geographies; which just one year ago, we really weren't. In the United States, we've got 30 years of activity that has continued to build our pipeline. We've got a very strong pipeline. As Doug mentioned, we think we'll close a good number of additional transactions in the fourth quarter and we see a continuation into 2016 of our typical tuck-in acquisitions. And these are anywhere from $2 million to $10 million that don't frankly demand the same level of multiple that some of the larger transactions that some of our competitors are doing, and that fits right in with the formula we've been doing for 30 years.
Paul Newsome: Okay, fantastic. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Capital. Please go ahead.
Robert R. Glasspiegel: Good morning, Arthur J. Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Bob Glasspiegel.
Robert R. Glasspiegel: The old man can learn a few tricks here, change his ways. The U.K. settlement, I mean, it's good news we get dollars in upfront, but I'm a little confused about the incremental expenses that follow on that you highlighted in footnote three. Is that sort of rebuilding the organization and hiring?
Douglas K. Howell: No, Bob. What those are, those are incremental, really retention agreements that we needed to do to solidify our folks there and some additional head count that was required in order to work on this. These are incremental expenses and if you add it all up, it ends up being fairly close to what the settlement ended up being. So, those are just the ongoing costs and because you're doing them on a retention basis, you amortize those expenses over the future period of the retention, not against the gain. So you get the gain this quarter, and then you add up all the small little costs that go out through the mid-part of 2017, and they get pretty close to washing out between the two.
Robert R. Glasspiegel: You're housing those in Corporate and I assume adjusting them out. Is there not any sort of business relationship between the retention bonuses you're paying and their production?
Douglas K. Howell: These – well, first and foremost, we put it in Corporate to keep it clean, to keep it matched up into the right – into the same line, so we can track it a little bit easier over time. Second of all, these are the incremental amounts that we would view as related to the defection of the management team, and not to the core basic business of running the brokerage operation...
Robert R. Glasspiegel: So, there's no revenues associated with these?
Douglas K. Howell: ...this is up in the business.
Robert R. Glasspiegel: These are not production – these are not producers that you're paying these retention bonuses to? They're management, that they're sort of replacing the old team? Is that the way to think about it?
Douglas K. Howell: The lion's share is in the management ranks.
Robert R. Glasspiegel: Okay. I got it. Great. Thanks a lot.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Bob.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dan Farrell with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Daniel D. Farrell: Thanks. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Daniel D. Farrell: Pat, thanks for some of the commentary around the integration. It sounds like that's progressing well. I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit on where you think you stand on achieving some of the synergies that you thought you might be able to get from some of these deals? Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I feel really good about it. As Doug mentioned, we don't publish budgets and the like, but these enterprises are essentially on plan as we came into 2015. We knew that Australia was going to face a soft market, as was New Zealand, so we took that into account. Whenever you do significant large deals, I think the very first thing you're looking to is, are you going to renew that book of business and are you going to show some growth? Are there going to be opportunities for people the sell more as you rebrand? And there's good and bad about rebranding. I mean, I think that's change and people oftentimes have a difficult time with change. But, by and large, I'm incredibly positive. So, I'll give you an example. I was in Melbourne, Australia just a few weeks ago. We had our Australian branch managers there and it was a terrific meeting. You'd think that these people had had meetings like this all the time when they were under Wesfarmers and the fact is, they really hadn't and didn't have the tools we're brining. Just examples of cross-selling, you know, where we've been able to help each other opened new opportunities. We've got our public sector people down there a number of times this year. So, things like that are going very well and when I see all the enterprises, with the exception of Australia, showing organic growth in the very first operating year after the acquisition, I'm extremely pleased.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, Dan, I think on the cost side too, the synergies are there. As I mentioned or as Pat mentioned that the Canadian operations are going to go under the same system that we're running here in the U.S., so that will be helpful. Also, I think in terms of just getting to where we – when we do a small tuck-in acquisition, probably six months to nine months into it, they're pretty well up and running into Gallagher. They've kind of integrated themselves into the operation. I think on these larger deals, it has taken us more like 18 months to get them fully into us, getting them trading with some of our folks in the U.S., understanding our capabilities, understanding what we can do to help them to sell more business, getting our niche leaders in their organization. That takes about 18 months or so. And we're at that point right now, and truthfully when you add them all up, the organic was 2.5% for all the large deals kind of pushed together. So I think that's pretty good.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And in my prepared remarks, Dan, I made a couple of comments on taking down data centers and migrating people to systems. That is where we see some synergies as well, getting numbers of key operating units from 200 down to 50, that's good work.
Daniel D. Farrell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then, Doug, just a quick thing on cash balance, about $370 million at the end of the quarter. How much of that is usable cash, would you say?
Douglas K. Howell: About $200 million of that is usable. But, again, it's in a lot of bank accounts that I've got to pool together and consolidate in order to really get the efficiency. But that's okay; it's there; it's ours to use; it's just going to take me a little bit longer to pull it together.
Daniel D. Farrell: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Sarah DeWitt of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sarah E. DeWitt: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Sarah E. DeWitt: A follow-up on the clean coal earnings. Is there a point at which you're utilizing all the clean coal credits, so the earnings there should level out at some point? Or how do you think about the earnings trajectory of those investments beyond 2017?
Douglas K. Howell: I would say they're flat through 2017. But, at that point, we'll be harvesting more cash out of them than probably the GAAP earnings. Right now, the GAAP earnings are slightly higher than the cash earnings on that, but that will flip in 2017 where the actual cash earnings are higher than the GAAP earnings. So at that point, I'll lay that all out and show it to you. But, I would say that we've still got ramp up in 2016 and 2017, and maybe there's a touch in 2018. But, I think that 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 will be largely flat to 2017. But, cash will be – cash harvest will be bigger.
Sarah E. DeWitt: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Sarah.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Sarah.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Seth Canetto of KBW. Please go ahead.
Seth Canetto: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Canetto: I just had a question on the Risk Management. It seems like the higher Risk Management margin improvement, is that sustainable? And probably even more impressive than just the higher margin is the organic growth. How are you guys achieving such strong results in Risk Management? And are there any areas that are specifically driving strong double-digit organic growth there?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I'll take the margin one and let Pat talk about the growth. The margin, we run that business – as we've been saying for the last couple years, we're making investments to better our service offering to our customers and that's really starting to take hold. Customers are seeing that the issue is not the service on the claims and the costs of the claims; it's really the claim outcome. And we're demonstrating that we can help them get their folks back to work, get them healthy much faster by using our proprietary methods, techniques and systems. So that's the reason why the business is doing well and that leads to the margin expansion on it. But, there is a heavy investment load going into that business to make sure that we're offering a competitive environment. We used to be at 16 points of margin for our targets. We've moved it up to 16.5% for this year. We'll go through the budget process this fall and we'll come to a conclusion with them about what's the margin target for 2016, what kind of investment level there is. But, right now, in that 16% to 17% margin range is comfortable for what we need to offer the clients.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I think Doug made a comment in his prepared remarks that look to the fourth quarter to be closer to 16.5%. As far as the top line goes, I think we've just found a very solid new business. We're blessed to have a terrific organization in Australia. And in the U.K., they're contributing significantly. The United States is, of course, where we've been recognized as leaders in that industry for years and years and our pipeline of new business continues to build and we're hitting on all cylinders. Our renewals are sensational. We renew more than our revenue that is expiring. We typically renew in the area of 101% to 102% of revenue. That comes from claim count growth and the organic growth of our clients. That doesn't just come – that's not rate increases. But, when you've got that kind of a retention and you can put some good new business on, you start to see those types of numbers.
Seth Canetto: Thanks. And this is probably a question for Doug, but given the lower energy prices we're seeing, is there any impact to the utilization of the Chem-Mod products? And could there potentially be any hurdles there?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, like I mentioned a little bit ago, we believe that our – where we've locate our clean energy treatment facilities at host utilities, we think they're less likely to experience retirements, shutdowns, slowdowns relative to the broader industry trends that you read about. There's about 700 locations out there in the country. We're operating in about 20 of them, and even within those 20, we're not operating at all of their boilers. We're operating at their most optimal boilers that they intend to use. And if you know something about electricity, is there's a dispatch curve. The first things that get uses are nuke and solar, and then they move up the dispatch curve and then some of the last producing units can be natural gas units that are way out on the dispatch curve. So if a utility is operating at 50% to 75% or 90% of – or if there's a demand that's in the 50th to 75th percentile of demand, most of our plants are positioned where they'll first be turned on before they go to other sources. So we don't see – and by the way, it takes a long time to displace a plant that's burning coal with natural gas. You've got to get the pipes there. You've got to – and pretty well, most of that infrastructure and that development was done between 2008 and 2014. So that continued decrease in fuel costs by natural gas should not have a dramatic effect on us over the next five to six years.
Seth Canetto: All right. Great. And then I believe you guys mentioned earlier in the call that lower insurance rate and the softening market only impacted organic growth by less than one point in the quarter. So, I guess how do you guys think of the insurance brokerage organic growth, given the concerns in London specialty, Australia and New Zealand?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I think that – go ahead, Doug.
Douglas K. Howell: I think those are baked into our numbers. The softening – I don't want to use softening. The weakening that we saw in those areas, softening in Australia, they're in our numbers for the third quarter. So I would expect that to be similar in the fourth quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I'll tell you, my prepared remarks, I said besides cat-exposed property, things are still flattish. If you go back and take a look at the hard market/soft market cycles that we've lived with since the 1960s, a soft market typically sees prices coming down 10%, 15% a year and that can go on for a decade. We're not seeing that. If there's an account that needs a rate increase, the market is still trying very hard to put forward a rate increase. By the same token, if our people come across a very nice account that hasn't been marketed for a while, has been very successful and has not burned the market and it deserves a 15% to 20% decrease, it's going to get it. I consider that to be a professional kind of deliberate flattish market. So if rates are down in one line or another – take workers' compensation, or directors and officers – if rates are down 3%, 4%, that's going to impact organic. But, it's 3%, 4%; we'll outsell that. If it's up 2% or 3%, I still say in that band of 5%, you're talking flat, and that's kind of how the market feels.
Seth Canetto: All right. Great. Thanks a lot for the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Charles J. Sebaski: Good morning. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Charles.
Charles J. Sebaski: First question, just curious about not the clean coal, but exposure to energy. If I'm thinking about some of the larger recent acquisitions, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, what's the exposure to the energy infrastructure of those books of business? And what's your level of concern given the challenges the energy sector's gone on regarding your businesses there?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I look to mention, first of all, in Australia, New Zealand and Canada we have about $15 million of total revenues related to energy-related clients. Now, I can't say what's the trickle-down effect of some of those, but it's a very small portion of our $2.5 billion worth of revenue. So our energy exposure in those countries that have large commodity-related economies is about $15 million. If you look here in the U.S., we might have $30 million but a lot of that, maybe half of that's in the benefits space even. So we're talking about having – they're still employing. We are – we do have nice practices in Houston and we will see a little bit there. In London, we trade generally through our specialty lines there, in energy, we might have $20 million of revenues. So as you can see, if you add all this up, we're somewhere in the $50 million to $70 million of direct energy-related revenues out of $2.5 billion of Brokerage and then $4.5 billion in total. So, I'd say in Gallagher Bassett, that's very little exposure to that. Remember, most of our business is in the SME and the mid-market area; those areas are pretty resilient to this type of change in the marketplace.
Charles J. Sebaski: Excellent. Thank you. I guess the other one is on acquisitions and on your use of equity versus cash and debt. Do you look at that equally when you're contemplating offering shares for acquisitions? Is the – I guess the question is, is the hurdle higher if you need to issue equity versus some of the tuck-ins from cash flow or debt utilization?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, first of all, we always want to use cash first and equity second. That's just the way we do it. There are times, however, because of the structure of the transaction, if we want to do a tax-free exchange, where the seller will demand stock, and if that's the case, we'll do that. At this point, there isn't – we always think that equity is more precious. We've been in such a huge growth spurt over the last three years that we've needed to use equity, but I just don't see us needing to use that much equity based on our current pipeline of nice tuck-in acquisitions. If we're out there doing them at 7x and we're paying cash for them, we've got – as our – we'll have more capacity for debt. I just don't see us using a lot of equity going forward.
Charles J. Sebaski: Okay. And what would you say the debt capacity is now relative to outstanding authorizations and plus your relative take on leverage?
Douglas K. Howell: I think that we would probably do another $200 million to $300 million of permanent debt at this point.
Charles J. Sebaski: Excellent. Thank you very much for the answers.
Douglas K. Howell: All right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Chuck.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Kai Pan: So to follow up on Chuck's question on the acquisition and equity issuance, I just wondered what's your take on the use of free cash flow going forward, the balance between doing acquisitions, grow your business, as well as shareholder returns, including buybacks?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, right now, I think that we'll take – for any merger partner that would like to join us that has great relationships with their customers, wants to use our capabilities, wants to trade with our – in our niches, use our offshore centers of excellence, use our internship program – if they're willing to sell to us in that six to eight times range, I think we'd prefer to do that every day versus buying back shares. So, right now, we are in a – we think there's tremendous opportunities to still pick up partners that are committed to be in the business, they want to sell insurance and they want to do it as a part of a global organization that bring in capabilities, we'd much rather do that than we would buy shares at this point.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And we still have the strongest dividend payout.
Kai Pan: Okay. But just in terms of EPS growth going forward, you believe it is, incrementally, it's more positive by acquiring this business, the earning contribution from it more than offset the diluting effects of share issuance?
Douglas K. Howell: I don't think that we're going to be issuing a lot of shares going forward, so I wouldn't think there's a dilutive impact going forward.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And Kai, we don't dilute ever on purpose.
Kai Pan: Okay. All right. That's great to hear. A second question on the industry consolidation, just what's your take on that, is the potential impact of benefits to both your businesses, on the broker side as well as administrative side?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, you're referring to the carrier consolidation?
Kai Pan: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Look, I think that on the benefit side, we've seen significant carrier consolidation that has changed that industry significantly over the last 20 years and continues to push us to be more consultants than brokers. We're not – we're no longer really going out to very many clients on the benefits side and talking about what the rate environment is this year. It's all around consulting about what their human capital needs are and how we're going to help them to maintain their employee base. And I think consolidation in the property casualty business is a long cry away from what we saw in benefits and I think you're going to see more of it. I think in this environment, this economic environment and this return environment, that's one way you're going to see growth.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Kai.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Manny, I think that's about it. I think we're towards the end here. Why don't I just give a few wrap-up comments and we'll call it a day? At the outset of the call, I mentioned that I was pleased with our organic growth. All in, 4% – 4.1% is a very strong result. Over the past decade, we've invested heavily in our new business and retention strategies. We've brought in sales training and sales management. Our cross-selling efforts between our wholesale, PC and our benefits teams are at all-time highs. Our international and U.S. teams are working seamlessly on all types of new business. Our merger and acquisition pipeline is strong. So, it's safe to say that our aggressive sales culture is alive and well. We're pleased with the quarter and appreciate you being with us today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sean Dargan - Macquarie Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Mark Hughes - SunTrust Bob Glasspiegel - Janney and Janney Dan Farrell - Piper Jaffray Adam Klauber - William Blair Meyer Shields - KBW Ken Billingsley - Compass Point Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call, which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. We appreciate you being on the line. This morning, I am joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. I couldn't be more pleased with the quarter. It was just a great quarter. Brokerage results were strong again. Adjusted revenue was up 24%, 4% of that organic. Adjusted EBITDAC is up 28% and our margins expanded by 89 basis points. In the risk management segment, we had an outstanding quarter. Revenue is up 13%. Virtually all of that is organic. Adjusted EBITDAC is up 21% and our margins improved by 110 basis points. So when I combine the operations, the way I like to look at the company, adjusted revenue is up 22%. Adjusted EBITDAC up 27%. All in organic growth, 5.8% and total Company adjusted EPS up 18%. Really, really good work by the team; a great quarter and first half of the year. This, I think, is a testament to our strong sales culture. We work very hard to serve our clients and to aggressively pursue new ones. We've invested heavily in our sales efforts. We brought in sales training for all our people. We use salesforce.com, we invested in our niche, in product line capabilities. We are very, very good at team selling. I am pleased that our team has adopted our tools and feel we should continue to drive organic results. Mergers and acquisitions continue to be a key strategy. In the quarter, we completed 13 mergers, 11 in the brokerage segment, two in risk management, for approximately $90 million in new revenues. The two risk management acquisitions were international, in New Zealand and the UK. Our total in the first six months is 24 acquisitions and $120 million in new revenues, and our pipeline remains very robust. Our 2014 larger acquisitions are integrating extremely well. As I do every quarter, I'd like to stop and thank all of our new partners for joining us and to extend a very warm welcome to our growing family. Let me move to the property casualty rate environment. We did a midyear survey of our PC renewals. We polled our brokers on the rate environment in the US, UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand on our most prominent property and casualty lines. So let me provide you some of that color. On the domestic side, in property, 75% of our property accounts renewed down. But most of those were slightly at single digits. A quarter were flattish to up just a little tiny bit. Frankly, I don't think this is - I don't think it's unreasonable at all, given the fact that we have not had major catastrophes in the last few years. A little better story in international property, as we are seeing slightly more balanced results with half renewing about flattish to up a little and half down slightly, more flattish overall. Underneath this, Australia/New Zealand are down the most. UK is in line and Canada is flattish to up the most. Turning to casualty lines, interestingly, a similar feel across our domestic and international operations. Half up slightly single digits, half down single digits, mostly kind of flattish with some accounts getting greater than 10% discounts. Domestically, commercial auto was more on the upside. Workers comp and professional lines were flattish and general liability and umbrellas were slightly down. Internationally, Australia and New Zealand are seeing by far the most downward pressure, especially in auto, and as I said earlier, UK similar to US. Canada is flat to up a bit. Our employee benefits team is very busy assisting our clients' businesses as they try to manage their benefits and HR needs as a result of increased complexity, higher costs and the war for talent. Domestically, our customers continue to navigate the impact of the Affordable Care Act. These market dynamics continue to present us with growth opportunities as we work to meet the needs of our clients. In addition, our private-label insurance exchange, the Gallagher Marketplace, is seeing very high interest and a good number of clients have committed to moving to the exchange. As I said earlier, the risk management business, Gallagher Bassett, had a great quarter with topline growth of 13%. Our stated goal at Gallagher Bassett is simply to provide our clients globally with the best claims outcomes. So, a great quarter; we are thrilled to have it in the books, a very good start of the year.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Like Pat said, the second quarter was another terrific quarter for Gallagher. Starting with the first page with the brokerage segment, adjusted EPS of $0.71 is up nicely over prior year. As for foreign currency, you'll see about $0.03 this quarter. Looking forward, we are forecasting $0.02 to $0.03 in the third quarter and about $0.01 or so in the fourth quarter as a result of the strengthening dollar. As for integration, you heard Pat say our integration is moving along as planned. Looking forward, we are seeing about $0.07 to $0.08 in the third quarter and about the same in the fourth quarter. As for 2016, our integration costs should drop dramatically and I will have better numbers for you when we do our October conference call. Same with brokerage, but turning to page 3, to the organic revenue table. Let me give you some flavor behind the 4% organic growth. Domestic retail was slightly better. Domestic wholesale was actually a couple points better and international about a point lower. Within that, we saw about 0.25 points net drag from rate and exposure. The only larger deal that was not fully in our organic numbers this quarter was our Canadian businesses which we acquired on July 1, 2014. And their organic looked slightly better than what we posted overall, but wouldn't have moved the average 4%. As for modeling revenues, currently foreign currency seems to be the biggest modeling challenge. To control for this, and assuming that current exchange rates, first reduce prior year revenues by about $25 million to $30 million in the third quarter and then about $15 million in the fourth quarter. After you do so, apply your PIC for organic growth, and if you do that, if you don't do that, if you don't reduce prior year revenues first, you can't help but overshoot on current year and current quarter revenues. And finally, when you're making your brokerage segment organic PIC for the third quarter, please remember that last year's third quarter, we disclosed and then discussed in our conference call that we had an unusually large number of larger account wins in the third quarter of 2014. So you might want to moderate a bit your PIC for this coming third quarter to control for that comparable headwind. As for acquired revenues, we have again provided a table on page 16 of the investor supplement, showing our range for rollover revenues for the next two quarters for mergers done in 2014 and in the first half of 2015. You will need to add to that your PIC for newly acquired revenues in the third and fourth quarter, but please remember to weight those in the closing days of those new deals more towards the last month of the quarter. Moving to page 4, to the brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table near the bottom of page. You will see that we expanded margins by about 90 basis points. 20 basis points were from the roll in of the larger deals, just in the range that we estimated in our last call, and then 70 basis points came from our organic growth and expense control. Now looking forward, last year our brokerage segment posted 26.8 points of adjusted margin in the third quarter of 2014. We don't see more than that for the third quarter of 2015 for several reasons. First, we won't get any meaningful further lift from roll in of larger deals because all of them were in our numbers last year in the third quarter. Second, I just mentioned that we had unusual success in net larger account wins last year and those few of margins last year, we are renewing those but it does make it harder to grow over. And third, we believe our compensation costs in the UK will run a bit hotter in the near term as a result of having some senior management turnover that we discussed earlier in the year. Finally, on the brokerage segment, let me also give you some non-cash estimates for the third and the fourth quarter from the brokerage segment. For depreciation, assume about $15 million of expense per quarter; for amortization about $58 million; and for acquisition earn-out amortization, assume about $5 million. Then, as we do more M&A for every dollar we spend, you will need to increase amortization by about 1% of the purchase price per quarter, and that will get you close. Let's turn now to the risk management segment on page 5, really a terrific quarter across the board. Of the 13.4% organic growth, domestic was over 10% and international approached 20%. Looking forward, recall that we have that large Australian account that goes into runoff this quarter. So as you model the third and the fourth quarter, the impact of that runoff account will be more pronounced, meaning that you will see organic growth more in this mid-single digits and not in double digits. You should also adjust prior year revenues downward for FX before you apply your organic PIC. Assume FX of about $5 million in the third quarter and $3 million in the fourth, and that will get you close. As for margins, in the risk management segment, you will see that we blew past our 16.5% margin target. But you will read in footnote 1 to those tables that we had a one time for some additional performance bonus income of about $1.8 million related to that account going into runoff. So if you remove that, that one timer, we would be about 20 basis points above our 16.5% margin target, which is more in line with our expectations. As for risk management non-cash items, model about $6 million of depreciation in the third and the fourth quarter and you will get close. All right, let's shift to page 6 to the corporate segment. Just a small comment. Really a nice quarter and right in line with the estimates we forecasted last quarter. When you get to page 15 of the investor supplement, you will see that our outlook for the rest of 2015 is very close to what we gave you last quarter. Finally, some comments on our M&A program. First, we closed 13 mergers this quarter at a weighted average multiple of just over 7 times. So we feel very good about continuing to do a lot of nice tuck-in mergers yet this year. Second, looking out over the remainder of 2015 in terms of M&A funding, based on our current pipeline in mergers, we are seeing cash and debt funding much of it, plus using about 2 million to 3 million shares. This means our forecasted fully diluted weighted shares outstanding for the third quarter will be about approximately 177 million shares. All right, those are my comments. And like I said to start, another terrific quarter. Back to you, Pat.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Rob, we are ready for some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Dargan: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Given the Willis Towers Watson tie up, Pat, I was wondering if I could get your thoughts on the future of your use of the liaison platform and the exchanges in general.
Patrick Gallagher: Sure. We have a good - a solid contract with Liaison. The brokerage community is going to be very important them. As you know, Tower spent a good bit of money on that asset. And in order for it to play out, they are going to have to be creating with others outside of the Willis and the Towers Group. We've been assured that that contract is solid. But at the same time, Sean, I would be honest with you, we've got our eye on others as well.
Sean Dargan: Okay, great, thanks. And I'm not sure if I caught this, but in terms of being able to finance further acquisitions, is the at-the-market program over? And is it going to be removed or does it have to be renewed? There is about $15 million left on the program and at this time we have no plans to renew it.
Sean Dargan: Okay, great, thanks. That's all I had.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Sean.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Patrick Gallagher: Rob, you got to speak-up, I can't hear you.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Please proceed with your question.
Charles Sebaski: Just a couple of follow-ups, on that shares you mentioned for the M&A going forward 177 million, is that 2 million to 3 million shares a quarter for 3Q and 4Q?
Doug Howell: No. Just in the third quarter.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then on that, on the overall M&A basis and pipeline, you guys obviously continue to have success in finding companies that want to join Arthur J. Gallagher and seven times multiple seems reasonable. But if I listen to your competitors and people out there talking, it seems that there is a lack of opportunity out there and there is crazy prices being paid in the market. And I would appreciate your thoughts on how you guys are able to continue being successful at seemingly very reasonable multiples, where competition might say pricing is getting too high or irrational or appease murking everything up and just how you see that.
Doug Howell: Well, look, private equity has come strongly into our business. I think it probably now consumes about half the acquisition activity that occurs, which is smart money coming into a great business. I really can't complain about that. And when you do get to sizable platform acquisitions, pricing is up. But if you noticed, that we've done 24 acquisitions for about 120 million of total revenue, and so tuck-in acquisitions are very prevalent. They are not as pricey and we continue to see great success in that regard. I don't see our pipeline diminishing one bit. Now, we are not also facing - so far this year we haven't had any opportunities like we had last year to do something that was of - substantial in nature, but we have announced that we are going to do the William Gallagher Agency in Boston. We are very excited about that. That is a platform agency. So I think the comments from others are accurate. Private equity and some of the deals drives prices up. You have to decide whether you want to play in that market or walk away. I think we are very disciplined when it comes to that, and at the same time, I think we offer a terrific platform for people to come aboard, build their business, which in turn builds their income and have a great time building out their company.
Charles Sebaski: Now, about the U.K., you talked about obviously there is management change going on. You talked about it coming into comp expense. Have you seen any bleed-through to the rest of the organization with any other defections of senior brokers or relationship managers or has the head count and the people there in the U.K. stayed as expected?
Patrick Gallagher: Our U.K. team has stayed put. We are very pleased with Graham Shelton, who is our CEO. I think he has done a great job of explaining to the people why they are in a great place. And to answer your question about other senior management and senior leaders around the world, we've had absolutely no further defections.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. And just finally, one numbers question. In the risk management division, it seemed that the comp expense ratio was particularly low this quarter. I'm wondering if there is something in that or is that kind of where we can expect it. I mean, I have kind of 57.5% versus 59.5% last year and 60% last quarter. Just wondering if I'm looking at that right and how you view that.
Doug Howell: Well, I think the best thing to do is our margin target is 16.5% for the year for it.
Charles Sebaski: Okay.
Doug Howell: The geography between those two lines, we were lower this quarter but I think that might be as much a denominator issue, because I read through here we did have a small true-up of a prior year bonus, might have given us a little bit of earnings. On the other hand, we had some higher professional fees in the operating expenses. So nothing sticks out in that.
Charles Sebaski: Okay.
Doug Howell: That business is trending a little bit lower on the comp side.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent, really appreciate the answers.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. On the talent front, you talked about the war for talent in the context, I think, of the exchanges. But in your own business are you seeing compensation expense? Is there any upward pressure on that? And alternatively, do you see any opportunity to step up recruiting with some of the merger activity that is going on?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, Mark, you know us very well. We are always recruiting, always, always, always looking for new talent to bring into the company. And we bring that talent in, in a whole number of different ways. As I said in my comments, we had 250 kids in our internship this summer, very excited about that. If I could recruit half of them I would be thrilled. If I could do more than half, I would be thrilled. We are constantly looking at seasoned players in the field that are competitors of ours, trying to get them to consider joining us. And, of course, our acquisition activity brings new blood into the company every month, every quarter. In terms of seeing upward pressure, not particularly. I think remember, when it comes to our sales-force, we are one of the few larger players that still is very comfortable paying on a formula. So you go out and sell some business, you are going to get a raise. It's not really a big question mark.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think on the service side of it, Mark, as you know there is competition for talent when it comes to some of the back office skills positions in IT, finance, HR, legal. So there is some - we have been - we were in a recession for eight years, so I think that kept some people staying put before they would look to other jobs. So there was a little upward pressure there. On the other hand, we do still have our offshore centers of excellence that allows us to mitigate some of those service costs. We are not seeing wage inflation in India in particular. We still have operating improvement opportunities to maybe offset some of that wage inflation. So by and large, that is right about the producer level. They work on a formula, so that takes care of itself. In terms of the service layer, there is a little wage inflation pressure there, but we think that we've got opportunities to mitigate that.
Mark Hughes: And, Pat, I am sorry if you touched on this earlier. But are you going to be at any sort of competitive disadvantage by not having a big consulting operation?
Patrick Gallagher: No. Mark, when we compete in the marketplace, 90% plus of the time - we know this because we've got the systems to measure it now - 90% of the time we compete against smaller competitors. Now, we are very, very good at larger risk management accounts, don't get me wrong. But when you look at our book of business and peel back the onion, 90% of our revenue comes from the commercial middle market and that is where we are really strong, and we fight the smaller local agent most of the time. So I don't feel at any kind of disadvantage at all. Besides, I would say our consulting division - our benefits consulting division now is down to less than 35% being health and welfare. The other business is all consulting.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney and Janney. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Gallagher.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Glasspiegel.
Bob Glasspiegel: We will keep this going on the last name basis. This is 20,000 foot question for you, Pat, as a very esteemed observer of the industry. There seems to be an acceleration in consolidation as an important theme in the carriers that you deal with at a pace that you and I haven't seen before. And I think almost every company is questioning, whether they've got the right scale, technology, spend, tax structure to compete in a new world. I'm just curious whether you think this is a blip or a trend that's going to accelerate. Do you prefer to deal or do you see that you're dealing with the bigger companies to a greater extent than the regionals? And to what extent is technology and efficiency really important in you deciding what carriers that you deal with and is that trend going to continue or wheel off?
Patrick Gallagher: Bob, I'm going to break all 52 questions down to a few that I can answer. First and foremost, I do think this is a trend that we are going to see. I think the pressure for cost containment, IT spend, you hit right on those deals. Tax structure is going to foster continued acquisition activity. I also think investment returns are going to push that. So I do see bigger players getting bigger. We trade very well with the larger players. But I would also say that, in many of our branches, those local regional carriers play very, very important roles, very important roles to for instance in Cincinnati, Ohio - very important relationship with Cincinnati. But, those that are consolidating, I will just take ACE and Chubb, two great companies, two great relationships with Gallagher and we wish them well, and hope that we can help them in terms of building up their company to help our clients. In the end, what our job is, is to pick the right carrier to recommend to our clients and that is influenced by things like efficiency and ability to communicate. But in the end, it's making sure that the cover is right, the price is right and we are replacing this with a carrier we trust will meet their obligations. And that is why, we are trusted advisors.
Bob Glasspiegel: Your top five to ten relationships, has that grown as a percentage of your total book over the last 10 years or not? And do you see that number increasing or staying about the same prospectively?
Patrick Gallagher: It's grown substantially and we see that continuing.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Bob
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Dan Farrell with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Farrell: Thanks and good morning. Just a question around margin, and Doug, you mentioned the comments on the third quarter and some of the comparison difficulties there. I'm trying to think a little more longer-term. If we look at the operating leverage of 70 bps that you got this quarter off of 3.9% organic, if organic trended at that level, is there any reason to think that you wouldn't be able to get that same kind of operating leverage? Or was there something sort of, unusual in second quarter?
Doug Howell: I think that my standard RAC [ph] comment that we've talked about for about the last 20 quarters is it's very hard to grow margin in our brokerage business when we don't have organic growth above 3%. If we had consistent organic growth in the 4% to 5% range, we would still show some what I would consider to be organic margin expansion. So if we get into that fourth quarter, if we get into the next year and we're posting 4%, 4.5%, something like that, you would see some margin expansion on that. I will say, however, though, that if you look back over the last four years, and I just went back and I looked at the second quarter of 2011, we're up 4 margin points in the last four years. And we're actually getting to the point in our margin level that margins don't grow on moon - trees don't grow to the moon. So we feel that our margins are good where they are now. There could be some margin expansion. We have a lot of terrific investment opportunities that we'd like to do to hire more producers, to bring on more talent, to open up more product lines and opportunities. So we feel that - and I'm sensing that we're already well-positioned in terms of the margins compared to the other publicly traded brokers, but our margins are in really, really good shape. So we like the idea of investing for growth. And - so, I say, yes, it can happen if you're above 3%. But I think that we've got lots of investment opportunities going forward that we intend to make. And so, just a little bit like in our Gallagher Bassett unit, we're up in that 16.5% range and we feel comfortable with that, so...
Dan Farrell: Okay. Thank you very much.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Klauber with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: William Gallagher is a great franchise and a good strategic fit, really helps your New England presence.
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, you're right.
Adam Klauber: What did you guys pay for the deal?
Doug Howell: The price on that is somewhere around $140 million to $150 million.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then, will that decide - will that close in the third quarter?
Doug Howell: Yeah. And actually we're kind of hoping that maybe we'd get the regulatory approval a little sooner than we - but we're still closing out - but we hope to close it in the next week or two.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Thanks. And then, as far as the acquisition charges, so for the first half you said around $0.09 per share and you're right on that $0.18. But then there's also workforce lease termination and acquisition related adjustments that are roughly another $0.11 for the first half. I guess, are those weighed to acquisitions? I guess how are they different than the integration charges?
Doug Howell: Most of those have to do with just as we rationalize our workforce in other places. Most of that relates to that, and a lot of it has to do with leases more than workforce termination.
Adam Klauber: Okay. That makes sense. So then, for the second half, I think you're saying around $0.20 of acquisition integration charges. Will there be also workforce and lease termination or acquisition-related adjustments?
Doug Howell: There could be some, but right now the way our real estate portfolio, we've got 63 leases under renewal process right now that we're working on. I don't see any of them in large platform places like L.A., San Francisco, et cetera. So, I don't see right now big work or lease charges as we move into new locations. So I don't see that number in the next three quarters being nearly as big as it was in the first two.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then just to reconfirm what you said, so for 2016 we should look for all those charges to be materially lower than they were in 2015, is that correct?
Patrick Gallagher: That's correct.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay.
Patrick Gallagher: Look, we are a year into our larger deals. I think that if you go around the world, we are in really great shape. The complexity is in the U.K. on really pushing Giles Oval, the old Heath Lambert, the old Arthur Gallagher businesses together over there. And it just takes a long time. I think at one point there was over 200 legal entities there, 40 different systems. That's the place where integration is taking its time, and not just - it's highly regulated. There's a lot of processes you have to go through in order to get them integrated. But they are on plan. We are not trying to re-create a product or anything. We know the systems, we know the migrates - it's more of a migration plan that it is trying to figure out a solution on it. So we feel like we are on good pace for that and the team is doing a terrific job under the circumstances over there. And but by and large, Australia/New Zealand, we pulled ourselves out of West Farmers down there. That's pretty well done. We hit our milestones in June. Bollinger was a textbook integration in the Northeast, so we feel that thing is fully into our books and done. Canada is doing a terrific job. We have six different really kind of interlocked but independent agencies out there and brokers around Canada. But they are coming onto a common Canadian system, so that - the team up there is doing a great job. So all of this is moving along and we really haven't had any hiccups along the way. So I don't have any issues. But 2016 should be pretty much a lined up year for that.
Adam Klauber: Okay, that's helpful. And then as far as clean energy, if I was right, it looks like you bumped up your numbers moderately for the fourth quarter, is that right?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, a little bit there. I think if you look on page 15 or 16 of the investor supplement, we provide a schedule in there that shows what generated in our outlook of expectation for the next - and as we get closer to the end of the year, we are moving up the bottom end of the range a little bit on that. And that's natural just because remember it's hard to improve the top end of that range because if they are running that optimal capacity at the top end of the range, the lower end of the range is where the sensitivity is, because if you take a plant down you get zero. But you can't double a plant's capacity because that's just not the way it works. So we are very pleased that the bottom end of that range is moving up.
Adam Klauber: Right, right, and that's fair in that it looks like, overall, that clean energy net earnings will be up roughly 10% or even a little bit more for the year, which is a nice improvement. How should we think about 2016? Is there a potential for further improvement in earnings or are we closer to being tapped out within clean energy?
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think if you look on that in the press release, we say that there is about eight plants that we are looking for homes on still, and permanent homes. So we are getting good momentum on that. The team that works on that has had some really nice uptick. I would guess that we will see some more momentum on that in September. You kind of get into the summer holiday season here, so I would expect to have some good news on that by the time we get to the third quarter.
Adam Klauber: Okay, great. And size wise, are those plants around the average size of your other plants, larger, smaller?
Patrick Gallagher: I think they're larger.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay great, thanks a lot.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good morning. I came on a little late, I apologize if you covered this. Did FX changes year-over-year have any impact on your margins?
Patrick Gallagher: We controlled for that in our margin computations, but let me flip to that page. I don't think it had a significant impact in the margins, very little, as a matter of fact.
Meyer Shields: And then conceptually when you've got all this consolidation going on, I don't know whether either of these makes sense. You could either have carriers look to squeeze the brokers as an expense management strategy or maybe pay a little bit more to ensure that there isn't a lot of spilled over revenue are either of those relevant factors?
Patrick Gallagher: Not at this point.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Patrick Gallagher: We haven't seen in the past where a carrier goes through consolidation is interested in disrupting its distribution system.
Doug Howell: Right. I mean, I think we've got terrific - in particular the ACE-Chubb acquisition, which is I think what you are referring to, we've got terrific relationships with both of those incredibly fine companies. And on the combined basis, we will be a very, very large player with the ongoing Chubb. And as I said, the relationship is very strong. Doug is right. You don't do something like that and then piss off your clients.
Meyer Shields: No, I'm wondering actually in part in the other direction, whether there is an unusual benefit likely...
Doug Howell: No, I don't think so.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly, in general, when we model contingents in supplementals, should that sort of correspond to the percentage revenue growth from acquired from acquisitions?
Patrick Gallagher: That just depends, especially once we start doing some of these nice tuck-in acquisitions, their compensation programs can be all over the board. So I don't think you can have a meaningful modeling assumption on that. Overall, you can see over the last 12 or 13 quarters that, by and large, our organic growth in those kind of stays pace with our base commissions and fees. They will get some geography between the two lines for everything, but I would model those as a growth number that is not all that different than our base commissions and fees.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Billingsley with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Billingsley: Good morning. I wanted to ask about - this is page 3 of the press release - specifically the organic change in contingent commission being down 10% and specifically what's driving that. I know this may be more of a [indiscernible] the carrier’s sales, but is this loss performance changes here may be where the decline is coming?
Patrick Gallagher: No, listen, I think the geography between contingents and supplementals is something. If you look at the two together, you will see a number there that grows about what the base organic. We did have a contract flip that we thought was going to be a contingent that moved up into a supplemental, just by the nature of it. And again, the lines on those two continue to become blurred. They were much more pronounced on what a supplemental was and what a contingent was when you go back into the 2008, 2009, 2010 era. But by and large, we are indifferent to whether it is a supplemental or a contingent. And what works what best for the carrier and what works best for us we are happy to do it. There are some black and white lines that we draw in where we classify it, but there is nothing there that I would consider to be noteworthy. It's more semantics then it is anything else.
Ken Billingsley: Okay. So obviously we can't use the numbers may be to infer what's going on, so let me just ask kind of penetrating a little bit of the veil then. Can you talk about maybe performance contingents or are those - how are the carriers doing? And are you getting the full amount on profit contingent? Or are those coming in a little bit lower than expected market conditions?
Patrick Gallagher: It's a bit of a mixed bag, Ken. If you take a look at Cincinnati's numbers this week, they hit the ball out of the park. And so they are a very prominent carrier with us, so they are very - those that are doing well seem to be doing very well in this environment and we are benefiting from that with our contingents. But it is something that you are right to be looking at that line, because they are indeed contingent. And if, in fact, this market softens to any great extent, and those results begin to fall, we will feel pressure on the contingent line.
Ken Billingsley: Great. The other question I had is on M&A and the opportunities. You discussed about the competitive market domestically in North America just in general. But the U.K., Europe and Australia/New Zealand geographies are you seeing the same competition? Or is that a nice Greenfield for you to still look for growth?
Patrick Gallagher: There is good competition, but it's not as fierce as it is in the United States and it is Greenfield for us. We've got a building pipeline in Australia. New Zealand is a smaller market, but there is a building pipeline there. We've got a very nice pipeline building in Canada and we've got a very nice pipeline that has been built and is continuing to build in the U.K.. So those are a little bit of a Greenfield opportunity for us for sure. But you have to look at our business and really, it's almost hard to get your head around it. According to one consulting firm that we work with, Reagan Consultants, they believe there is 30,000 agents and brokers in America and that is firms, that's not people. Now Business Insurance put out their Top 100 just a couple weeks ago and to be number 100 in the United States, you did $26 million in total revenue. I mean there are thousands and thousands of these agents that do $2 million, $3 million, $4 million that we offer a terrific home to. These are typically run by the entrepreneurs that built those businesses. If we do our job and we pick the right ones, these are people that want to stay in the business. They love the business, they like to take care of clients and they love to go out and sell. And with our platform capabilities and ability to team with people, we give them a great place to land. And so I see terrific opportunities going forward. Is there competition? Sure there is. I believe we compete very favorably with the private equity model especially for those that want to fold in, take advantage of the capabilities and aren't necessarily looking for the next flip. It's one thing to join us and go after accounts that you could have never talked to before, even some of those being your good friends, but at the same time knowing that you had a stable platform, you had a stable place. You can make the sale of the private equities great because they're going to pay you this keep a little equity in, flip it, get a second bite and then flip it again and maybe a second bite there and then flip it again and before you know you don't know where the hell you are.
Ken Billingsley: Very good. Well, thank you for taking my questions.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Doug. I wonder whether you might sharpen up your outlook in the corporate segment, the potential out there you think you mentioned the eight plans assuming you have some reasonable success, what does that mean in terms of EPS in corporate kind of notion as we think about 2016.
Doug Howell: I don't know if I will be able to do the math in my head right here. But I think that we said, if you go back to what our commentary and I am going by memory here, we thought there might be a flattish to a small step up in 2015 and it looks like we might step up may be 10% in clean energy this year overall. Next year, we might have another step up of 15% to 20% based on, I think - based on what we are seeing right now. So, that's - when I look at next year 15% to 20% step up that we have plans in, now all of them will come in at the beginning of the year, that would be something that will come over the year. And so 15% to 20% is probably the right number.
Mark Hughes: And when we think about the EPS impact of that, is that 15% to 20% on the EPS number?
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think that if you look at clean energy that's on the pace and we got into our guidance and our supplement here clean energy is on pace this year to do somewhere around 100 million to 105 million, something like that. So if you take another 20% on that at the top end of the range, you might pick up another 20 million out of the 170 million shares outstanding, may be you pick up another dime that's how the math works.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you for that. And then secondly, on the - in the risk management, Pat, some commentary on workers' comp claims, frequency and I know you are picking up business and so you have some additional growth, but sort of on an underlying basis, what's your - what you hear lately about worker's comp claims frequency? And then, is there any loss inflation, has that picked up at all?
Patrick Gallagher: First of all, on the claims frequency side worker's comp is the bulk of what we do in the United States. Those claims counts were about 3%, which is good. That is a proxy for the economy. When shifts come back online, claim counts tend to go up. In terms of cost inflation, we see some of that on the liability side, not so much on the workers comp side. People are taking up our managed care offerings to great degree and that is helping us get people back to work quickly. And that's the key to a comp claim. Key to a comp claim is a getting it reported quickly, interacting with the client, with the claimant very quickly, getting them to the right physicians and the right people and the right nurse, case managers and getting them back to work. That's how you drive the outcome.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Hi, Pat and Doug. Thanks.
Patrick Gallagher: Hi, Kai.
Kai Pan: Just wanted to follow up one more question with M&A. In terms of organic, just specifically in Canada and New Zealand, Australia, taking U.K. out of there, just on the international side. Is that acting as a little bit of a headwind rate at the moment or kind of where you're at and what do you wanted it be looking like going forward out of those two regions?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, good question. I think if you go around the world, Canada is terrific, I mean, just realized that Canada is going to perform at the levels that you're going to see the overall average at, at least that's our indication right now. Australia and New Zealand, it’s tough, kind of, double whammy down there that you've got rates falling off, I would call that a true soft market, not a moderating market down there. And I think that as you know, Australia, New Zealand is a terrific franchises doing well. And Australia is starting to get its legs on it after our acquisition. But there is pressure in both of those economies not only for rate but also from economic activity. So if I just look at those two together, for the full quarter remember we didn't own them for the full quarter we own them - only own them for the two weeks of the quarter and the measurement systems on organic could be a little different between near home systems and our new system. So but if you look at that it’s about flap between Australia and New Zealand and in terms of organic growth most of that has to do with rate and exposure not necessarily new business loss winds, if I break them apart you are seeing New Zealand subsidize Australia by maybe three to four points something like that, so that's it. If you look at those two numbers there but Canada is doing terrific.
Doug Howell: Great, great organic growth in Canada and we do specially in the retail side, have organic growth in the U.K.
Kai Pan: Thanks, guys. That's perfect. No further question.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Would you like to make any closing?
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, Rob please. Thank you. Just one quick wrap-up comments and let everybody get going. You might recall the outset of our call I mentioned that I was pleased with our organic growth all in 5.8% as a very strong result. And let me tell you this is no accident over the past decade, we've invested heavily in our new business and retention strategies. We brought in sales training, sale management systems as I mentioned this summer we have 250 interns learning about this great business. Our cross selling efforts between our wholesale, property casualty and benefit teams are all time highs. Our international and U.S. teams are working seamlessly on all types of new business. It's safe to say that our aggressive sales culture is alive and well. So thank you all for being with us this morning. We'll talk to you in a quarter.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President and CEO Doug Howell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Mark Hughes - SunTrust Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company Brian DiRubbio - Tipp Hill Capital Management Meyer Shields - KBW Greg Peters - Raymond James Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. This morning, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As we said in our press release few weeks ago, we wanted to announce this morning and have our conference call, because many of us will be at RIMS next week. So, again thank you for being with us early this morning. I am very pleased with our quarter. Brokerage and Risk Management are both off to an excellent start to the year as we carry the momentum we created in 2014 into 2015. As I have said often, we are focused on four strategic efforts. We worked on number one organic growth, secondly, mergers and acquisitions, thirdly, quality, margin improvement and productivity, and fourth, we work hard to maintain a very unique and different culture. Adjusted revenues in our Brokerage segment advanced 36%, 4.5% of that was organic. I am pleased with our continuing new business growth. Sales, is what we are all about. Everyday we get up and service our clients and work very hard to add new clients to our list. The first quarter was a great start to our year. In addition, we expanded margins by 210 basis points, which is just outstanding work by the team. In our Risk Management segment revenues are up 11%, all of which is organic. Our margin expanded, finishing the quarter at 16.8%, a bit ahead of our 16.5% full year target. So, together, our Brokerage and Risk Management operations are up 30% revenues, up 46% in EBITDAC, margins are up 2 full points and we are up 18% in earnings per share. Let me move to mergers and acquisitions. Our large acquisitions in 2014 are integrating extremely well. We are seeing good opportunities to do smaller bolt-on acquisitions in the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and of course, United States. We are off to a good start in 2015, having closed 11 acquisitions for about $34 million and added revenue. Our partners see the benefit of our unique culture and the capabilities we are investing in and they want to be part of what we are building. As I do every quarter, I want to welcome and thank our new partners. The merger and acquisition world is really, really competitive, with lots of choices and I am proud that these fine firms chose to join us. A warm welcome to all of you and our pipeline continues to be very strong, so I see 2015 to be a very good acquisition year. Let me give briefly some color to the individual operations. Our U.S. property/casualty retail business continues to operate what I like to call a rational market. Rates all in across -- all lines across all geographies were essentially flat for us in the quarter. This is good news for both our clients and for Gallagher. Give us a stable rate environment and with our aggressive sales culture we will drive organic growth. We are seeing our customer businesses improved with some growth in revenues and payrolls. Both our international retail and our domestic wholesale businesses also had a strong quarter. Our employee benefits team is very busy, helping our customers manage their benefits and HR needs as a result of increased complexity and higher benefits and wages. In United States employers continued to deal with the impact of the ACA. Our consulting team has tools and resources necessary to assist our clients to comply with this legislation. We continue to see solid interest in the Gallagher marketplace, which is our private label insurance exchange, as more employers understand the advantages in offering this to their employees. The team continues to invest in tools and resources our clients need to manage their employee benefits and human resource needs, and this has helped with strong new business sales and continues to drive increased merger opportunities in the U.S. and globally. Our Risk Management business, Gallagher Bassett is off to an outstanding start, with strong topline organic growth, margin expansion and we are still investing in systems and people on our marched to be recognized globally as the TPA who consistently delivers the best claim outcomes. Our Gallagher Bassett International business continues to expand and contributed nicely in the quarter. Our culture is striving. We received two significant awards in the quarter. For the fourth year in a row Gallagher was named as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute. In addition, we are recognized as one of America's Best Employer by Forbes Magazine. We work hard to promote and to protect our unique culture and we are very proud of this recognition. So we are off to a great start. We believe we have a solid momentum and hope to deliver a solid 2015. With that, I will turn it over to Doug.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter was a terrific start to our year. Before I start two housekeeping items, first, we have a small unit get reclassified from the Brokerage segment to the Risk Management segment. All historical numbers have been reclassified. There was only about $4 million of revenue this quarter and it really doesn't have that much impact on your segments earnings or ratios this quarter. Second, last year we formed a start up Brokerage venture that we control so we consolidated, but we own less than 50% of it. So since we don't own the majority we've adjusted organic to reflect only our portion and we have also footnoted the impact on EBITDAC. Frankly, is not all that bit and that's also seasonally the strongest in the first quarter, so you can probably just ignore it in the next three quarters when you build your models. Okay, on to the results on the first page, $0.36 for Brokerage, $0.09 for Risk Management and $0.18 loss for the Corporate segment, show as an adjusted EPS of $0.27. The Brokerage segment adjusted EPS of $0.36 is nicely up 24% in the quarter. You will then see the typical integration costs, changes in earn outs and some severance, and you can also see that foreign currency didn't have much year-over-year impact in the quarter. Looking forward, some modeling help on revenues. First, rollover revenues, we have added on page 16 of the Investor Supplement, a table showing our range for rollover total revenues for the next three quarters for mergers done in 2014 and in the first quarter of 2015. We will update that table each quarter. But be careful do not double count premium funding revenues. We're giving you total revenues on page 16, not just commissions and fees. Next when you model new M&A revenues, please ensure that your models weight the closing dates more towards the last month of the quarter. And finally, foreign currency, we believe that before you apply your pick for organic growth, you should first adjust prior year revenues for the stronger dollar. For the first quarter, you'll see that FX caused a reduction of revenues of about $11 million for the Brokerage segment and $4 million for the Risk Management segment. Looking forward and assuming current exchange rates, we estimate the decrease in revenues due to the stronger dollar to be about $30 million, both in the second and third quarter and then about $15 million in the fourth quarter. That was for Brokerage. As per Risk Management, assume about $5 million reduction in both the second and third quarter, and $3 million in the fourth. In the end, step back to make sure your models consider that the impact of FX will caused us about $0.03 in the second, $0.02 to $0.03 in the third quarter and about a penny in the fourth quarter. Making these tweaks for currency, M&A timing and a premium funding should help refine your models on revenues. Next integration, your heard Pat say that our integration is moving along as planned. So looking out over 2015, we are still seeing integration costs of about $0.07 to $0.09 a quarter -- in the second quarter then about $0.06 to $0.07 in the third quarter and an about $0.05 to $0.06 in fourth quarter. Staying with Brokerage by turning the page two to the organic revenue table. First, let me give you some flavor behind the 4.5% organic growth in base commissions. Domestically we are about 3%, which we call can be our seasonally smallest quarter. So we feel really good about that number. Also rate and exposure together had about 1 point of drag on our domestic results this quarter, but then again since 2011 the rate and exposure impact has been about zero, a little plus, a little minus. So like Pat said, it’s seems we are in a really healthy environment for brokers. Internationally we posted about 10% organic growth. So we are seeing some nice solid numbers around the globe. Next, as for supplements and contingents together up about 5% and we did see a couple carriers moved from supplemental to contingent, contingent was caused some geography shifts. But by and large we did renew most of our contracts as is and we expect to see some moderate growth in these lines yet this year. Now flip to page three. To the appropriate segment, adjusted EBITDA margin table near the bottom of the page, adjusted margins are up over 2.4 points excluding the non-owned share. About half came from our organic growth and expense controls and the other half from the roll-in impact of the larger deals. That’s really excellent work by the team. As for the remaining quarters of 2015, we don’t expect much more margin expansion from the rolling of our larger deals as most of them were already in our numbers by the end of the second quarter 2014. We’ll get a little, but not much more. Finally, on the Brokerage segment, let me give you some non-cash estimates for the remaining quarters for the Brokerage segment. For depreciation, I assume about $15 million of expense, for amortization of our $55 million and for acquisition earn-out amortization assumed by $5 million. Then as we do more M&A for every dollar we spend, you’ll need to increase amortization by about 1% of the purchase price per quarter and that will get you close. Now turning to the Risk Management segment, really a terrific quarter across the board for Risk Management also. Our domestic operations grew organically over 12% and internationally about 5% and we’ve continued to improve margins and slightly surpassed our 16.5% target for the year. We expect organic to be in the upper single digits for the rest of 2015. Let’s shift to page five to the Corporate segment, a really nice quarter for our clean-energy investments and right in line with the estimates we forecasted last quarter. We haven’t changed our outlook for the rest of 2015 very much that we provide on page 15 of our investor supplement. So right in line both this quarter and looking forward. And finally some comments on our M&A program, we did 11 mergers this quarter at a weighted average multiple of just over seven times. Also remember that we tend to do fewer mergers proportionately in the first quarter. I guess, we could call it lower seasonality with our M&A program and has been that way for five years or more. We feel very good about our opportunities to do a lot of nice tuck-in mergers this year. Next looking at over the remainder of 2015 in terms of M&A funding, we used about 1 million shares this quarter and we think we’ll use about 3 million to 4 million shares in the second quarter, then for the balance of the year will be mostly using cash. So those are my comments and like I said at the start, it was a really terrific quarter on all measures. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. And Melissa, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks. Hey Pat, I was just wondering you mentioned 10% organic growth internationally. Can you talk a little bit about kind of what’s underneath there and can we talk maybe specifically about the recent integration or the recent acquisitions in the one that are being currently integrated. What sort of organic did we see out of those guys? Thanks.
Doug Howell: Mike, this is Doug. I made the comment about 10% growth internationally.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Doug Howell: We’re seeing good results out of our London Specialty business. Retail business is there that have been in our books for at least a year performing nicely. So those are the two segments internationally. Our small previous operation down in Australia had a terrific quarter but again it’s so small, it didn’t move the number. But those are the three places we’re seeing strong spot.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also, like Canada contributed nicely.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Doug Howell: That’s for our organic. But they had some -- Canada actually had almost 6% organic growth but that’s not in our organic growth numbers yet. If you look across the globe, it’s a little difficult in the first year or so until we get the accounting squared away on all the operations consistent last year but consistent this year just the way the billing practices were. But our best guess right now says that if you add up all our other international operations that are not included in our organic, they’re probably flat to where they were prior year as we measure about the same and our organic would've been close to 4% total if we would have thrown them in and started counting them as organic in this quarter. So we’re pleased with the results. There is some softening in Australia and New Zealand. So you are seeing some market pressures there. Canada is holding up nicely and the U.K. is holding up nicely.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then just could you update us on sort of leadership in the U.K. and I mean, there is, I’m sure there’s continuing to be some turnover and change as you guys kind of continue to purchase three companies together, any update on kind of what’s happening on that front?
Doug Howell: Yeah. Mike, I think we’ve got a very stable situation now. Grahame Chilton has taken over as our CEO for the overall international operations. Retail U.K. is very stable right now. Specialty is very stable. So really what we had in U.K. is we’ve got about 5000 people there and we had five people depart and we’ve got a really solid leadership team that we’re excited about.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then just lastly, just on Risk Management, what sort of operating leverage should we think about in that business? I mean, 10% organic and you have mentioned there is sort of about 16-ish percent margin. Is there a level of growth where you can sort of pick up some additional operating leverage if you're able to continue to sort of grow at this level and where we could see that margin kind of lift up a little bit further? And then on that topic, just what -- maybe talk a little more about what's driving the current organic growth and what’s giving you confidence that you could see still upper single digits for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Doug Howell: Hi. So a lot of questions in there but first that the -- if you recall, we have stepped up our margin target in the past. We were at 16 point and our margin target is now at 16.5 for this year. So we are moving the margin target up. It is the business that the operating leverage on that. We’ve done in the past. You need about 5% to 7% organic growth in order to show much margin expansion in that business unlike the Brokerage segment that you can start to see some margin expansion at between 3% and 4%, around 3% you start to get it. The operating leverage on it probably the incremental is 25% to 30%, whatever you grow in excess of that 5% to 7% range. It should be able to hit the bottomline.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Doug Howell: Claim outcomes is really what we’re selling in that business. That is when we show our customers that settling claims do it using Gallagher Bassett produce a better claim outcome. Our analytics drive that. It supports it. Domestically, our customers are seeing the value that the Gallagher Bassett brings. And I wish it were more sophisticated than that. It’s just our customer see better claim outcomes.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also like Gallagher Bassett, it’s a bit of a proxy for the U.S. economy. We’re seeing work comp claims on existing clients, up in claim count by about 4.8% and liability claims up about 2% on existing clients. So that basically is because of increased sales and hiring.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Great. Thank you so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Good morning and congratulations on a good start for the year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Kai.
Kai Pan: So first question is a number of questions. You guided for the first quarter, acquired revenue around $175 million but looks like the reported number is meaningfully below that. Just wondering what would have driven that?
Doug Howell: Yeah. Kai, I think that you are asking it right. We did for the -- we came in at about $162 million with respect to total rollover revenues in the quarter. How was that different than $175 million that we guided. I probably rounded up $5 million and so rounding down $5 million in FX on that number probably cost us another $5 million. So $162 million on bottom of page two of 11 compares $175 million guidance. One of the things I did note is there seem to be a lot of the folks that were putting the entire $175 million in commissions and fees. But that also includes the premium funding revenue that was down on the investment income line. So I think there was double counting in lot of the models on the premium funding revenue. That might be causing you some noise in your model.
Kai Pan: Okay. That’s great. And then second question is really on your margin. I believe you guided like about 80 to 100 basis point accretion from the acquisitions but not expecting much from the organically. But it looks like organic also contributed about half the margin expansion in this quarter. You mentioned -- is that because of better organic growth than you expected or like you have expense control measures in place and how should we think about that going forward?
Doug Howell: First, my guidance last quarter was about -- we see about a point of margin expansion from the roll-in of the larger deals and we hit that number, so we achieved that. The rest of the margin expansion did come because we posted 4.5% organic growth, which we’ve said always that you can get some margin expansion above 3% in this environment. We did have some good expense controls in the quarter, headcount controls. As we look forward, again, we are back into this environment now. We will get a little bit more margin expansion next quarter from the roll-in of the larger deals and that’s maybe a quarter to 50 basis points, something like that. The rest of it will come, if our organic is in excess of 3%, we’d hope to some margin expansion on that. So that’s how you should look at it going forward.
Kai Pan: Okay. That’s great. Last question, more of a bigger picture. If you look at the -- on the acquisition front, one of your comments on that, they see the pricing for deal is becoming competitive, especially committed for the private equity funds. So do you see that and do you see that as challenge to your acquisition strategy, as well as on the industry consolidation front? Do you foresee some large scale consolidation also having the broker space among the public traded, the bank owned entities backed like brokers?
Doug Howell: I will give you the numbers. I will let Pat give some of his response on how he sees the consolidation of the industry going. The numbers last year of our 57 smaller deals, the weighted average multiple that we paid was about 6.7 times. When I look at this first quarter, we are just slightly over 7 times. There was one in that mix that may have moved it a little bit. How do I see the rest of the year? I see that there is still competitive pricing in that 6 to 7 times range. And I think that the reason why is that people and they look at joining Gallagher versus perhaps a PE firm or something as they really see our capabilities that can drive them to be more successful also. So when we look at it, we think that our multiples are competitive. We think that people are choosing us because of the capabilities we bring and the expertise. As for the consolidation of the industry, I will let Pat talk about.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I will talk about the environment a little bit, Kai. It’s very, very competitive on business that’s a little bit larger in scale. So if you take a look at business insurance last July, to be number 100 in terms of the U.S. size you did $24 million in revenue. I was at the conference this past week and the estimate that this consulting firm had in terms of the number of brokers in the United States was 37,000. I have used anything from 18,000 to 30,000 in many of my speeches. So there's a very, very fragmented industry and there are just aren't an awful lot of those that are over $25 million revenue. And we are very good at attracting those people that have entrepreneurial firms, $3 million to $5 million in revenue, make us have a solid margin on those, have no expectation of 9 to 10 times. And frankly as Doug said, it's not just all about the money. Yes, we have to be competitive 6 to 7 times. EBITDA is probably right in the wheelhouse. But really it’s about the capabilities and the culture. Our people are choosing to join us. They have lots of choices and in the end, they are choosing to join Gallagher because of what we are building and we are excited about that. We are very happy to have people with $3 million to $5 million in revenue join the company.
Kai Pan: And on the largest skill side, do you see sort of a more consolidation happening in this space?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think you are going to see consolidation happening just like it has for the last decade.
Kai Pan: All right. Thank you. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. And follow-up to each of Kai’s and Mike’s questions. On Kai’s question about the margin expansions, Doug, you said that you don’t expect anymore margin expansion from the roll-ins and if there is no more margin for the rest of the year, I just want to be clear that’s just related to the roll-in. Do you still probably expect margin expansion as long as your growth remains consistent on the organic side?
Doug Howell: Yeah. What I said was is the roll-in acquisitions in the second quarter might contribute a quarter to a half of point of margin expansion. By that time, most of all will be in our books, so won't have much impact for the rolling going through the rest of the year. Then if we grow over 3%, we might see margin expansion at that level too in this environment of wage inflation. So you're hearing it right that the roll-in of the deals, maybe another quarter to a half in the second quarter. After that not much more because they are already in our books and then organic growth should drive margin expansion if it’s above 3%.
Josh Shanker: Okay. That’s helpful. And then regarding Mike’s question, I wondering if you can give me a Theory of Everything on management and producers and whatnot? To what extent, do you lose something when you lose managers and important businesses and to what extent have you have gained someone, you pickup someone like a Chily to run the business. What is the potential weight of producers? What is the potential gain of producers? What’s the net sum on all of these changes?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. So, Josh, the Theory of Everything is this. We will do extremely well when people join us and we will take a hit when people leave us. And the size of that will depend on whether or not the folks that are with the company are excited to be here and stay or whether they leave. And to tell you the truth, the nice thing about Gallagher is I think if you take a look at our turnover, if you make a $100,000 at Gallagher you don’t leave. Our turnover is literally no. And we do a very good job of bringing people aboard both by the merger and acquisition efforts, as well as just organic recruiting. And so frankly, I look at where we are today and I know you're referring to our London departures. And we haven’t lost $1 of revenue, not $1. And I think with Chily in the seat, the line of people that are looking to be hired by Gallagher has actually expanded substantially and we feel really good about that. So, I think net-net in the end, we are going to be up nicely in revenue.
Josh Shanker: Have you net gained or net lost? There is really no need to worry.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Not one, not one. Not one producer.
Josh Shanker: Have you gained some?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Yes. We are still looking at new hires as a great opportunity, not just in London, globally. And yeah, we are net up and we are thrilled about it.
Josh Shanker: And regarding cash to come, is there any risks of having Chily being dual-added or are there any significant benefits to Gallagher in that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The benefit to Gallagher is outstanding. I mean, I’ve just got to tell. This guy is the real deal, just intended our Board Meeting this week. Board is incredibly comfortable with Chily. I have known Chily for a long, long time. And to be on the same team is really exciting. He is a solid, solid Senior Executive who has great experience in running public companies. He is a brokers’ broker, which I like because we are a Brokerage run by brokers and we speak the same language. He is a very solid executive with a great reputation and we’ve got a - as I said, we’ve got a very long line of people who want to join us. So it’s kind of exciting.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. I’m sorry. I guess I misspoke. Do you have any advantages being -- is there an alignment in Capsicum in anyway? Anything that you can gain from that relationship?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, we own 25% of it and we have about 35% economic interest and ultimately that’s going to be -- Capsicum will be one of the stories that will vow you guys in the future.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Great. Thank you very much and good luck with everything.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Glasspiegel.
Bob Glasspiegel: I’m glad you ran the last name basis, that’s great. Given your presence in U.K., I’m going to use you guys as my [quasi] [ph] economists. We’ve had the euro and the pound go down in these currency wars but in theory it’s going to cause little bit more economic growth in the region because currency wars are zero-sum game. But the outlook for European growth has expanded the markets. Stock markets are up in those regions. So, yeah, you’ve got the currency hit there but the offset is you may get a little bit faster economic growth in the region. What your economists had on and tell me what you're seeing in Europe and U.K. economically?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think you heard it right, Bob. Our organic growth was strongest in the quarter outside the United States. I think those economies have been sluggish for sure for the last number of years. I think the dollar -- pound, dollar, euro change will spur some growth in those economies and we will be the beneficiary of that, especially with the moves we made last year on the retail side.
Bob Glasspiegel: So it seems to me, I mean, devil’s advocating the Doug’s currency headwind needs to be offset by little bit better growth underneath, so we really shouldn’t take $0.03 out of Q2 completely.
Doug Howell: Well, I don’t think it moves that fast, Bob.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Bob, if I were you, I would use Doug’s guidance.
Bob Glasspiegel: Right. I know those will come out on the currency and we will see levelized currency from the revenues coming out the year ago for sure. But my point is that there is an offset if in fact you are getting more growth outside the U.S.?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I hope so, Bob. I really do. From your lips to God’s ears.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. The other thing is CIAB numbers, I guess down 2, you would quarrel that sort of with your flattish commentary, or is minus 2 sort of consistent with flattish?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think minus 2 -- here is what I have been saying for the last number of quarters. You and I have witnessed real cyclicality go back to 70s, the 80s, early 2000s, that’s real cyclicality. Everybody is worried about the rate of increase decreasing. And I am saying guys if it’s 1% to 2% up or 1% to 3% down in my history, in my experience that’s not a cycle, that’s flat. In our book of business for the quarter, rates and exposures essentially produce no increase nor any decrease. But I don’t quibble with the CIB. I think they are accurate and remember that’s anecdotal as well. But I think that basically we are in a flat rational environment. There is still as no investment return for these guys. I have said this many times. The first time in my career when I meet with CEOs of major insurance companies and they tell me what’s going on in the field and they are right. There is much better information and I think they are just more disciplined. So rational market, which is fantastic.
Bob Glasspiegel: Pat, that’s my market, that’s my crystal ball as well. I hope we are both, right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Me too.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. And congratulations on the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Paul.
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the competitive environment within the Brokerage business itself. It looks like you are gaining a little bit of market share relative to your peers. Maybe you could talk about where you think that market share is coming from in general?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I would be glad to talk about that. In fact, we know for a fact, Paul, we are getting better and better at knowing our data and being able to study what’s going on in our book of business. And we know that over 90% of the time when we go in the competition, we are competing with somebody that’s smaller than we are. So when you look at share, I don’t want you to thinking Marsh, Aon, Willis, Brown, and we are battling it out on every account. That’s just not the way it is. The real marketplace is that fragmented place, which is relationship driven and is middle market drive. We do a very good job on Risk Management accounts. We love to pursue large accounts. But by and large, our people day in and day out are competing in the middle market. When they do that, they are competing with the local broker. One of the reasons our acquisition pipeline is so robust and one of the reasons we are closing as many deals as we are, is because people really like to see the capabilities. When I started in 1974, we fought above our weight class every single day. Today we can go out to any account of any size, anywhere on the globe and tell them we could be helpful. Our brand is getting stronger. People are beginning to know more about Gallagher and frankly, we put a lot of boots on the ground and we are an aggressive cold calling company. So we are out there everyday pounding the street trying to get new business. Ad when we don’t write an account, it is frankly because we can’t break the relationship. And I look forward to the future time when those relationships, you could hold onto your best friend from high school for a while, but ultimately my capabilities are going to push you.
Paul Newsome: I am not sure my best friends even talks to me anymore. Thank you. Appreciate it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Paul.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Good morning. Could you give us general thoughts on contingents and supplementals, how you think those will be shaping up as we get through 2015? If pricing is a little bit more flat to down, underwriting results flat to down, how do you think that will show up on your revenue line?
Doug Howell: Well, for the rest of the year, we see that being that you take the two numbers, add them together, last year we see them being up organically this year. So I think that the carriers and Pat can talk about his conversations with the carrier, but the carriers recognized the value we bring in the distribution. And I think they see themselves seeing the supplemental and contingens help align our interest with our customers’ interest and with the carriers interest. And so they tend to like it. We are starting to see -- we are having professional conversations about which pieces help move both of our interest forward as we grow together. So they like it. I think our relationship with the carrier is pretty damn good frankly.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Mark, I would say that having gone through the Eliot Spitzer era and all the controversy around contingents and supplementals and what you have and going through the rounds of negotiations, it’s very stable right now. I think the carriers here at a point where they have got programs that they believe are driving good results for them and it’s a very stable thing. We are not having a lot of conversations about should it change next year, how much should it change up or down, they are those carriers that solidly believe that they just want to stick with contingents and that’s fine with us. And there is others that understand that supplementals drive the bus as well. So I would agree with Doug. I think you will see. I think supplementals and contingents will follow our organic growth.
Mark Hughes: If we see underwriting results under a little more pressure, we wouldn't necessarily assume that will have an impact on your contingents or supplementals?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think that the underwriting results do deteriorate, then you will see in the contingent line. So if you look at the table on page 2 I think it is, then the contingent line will come under pressure.
Doug Howell: There is no pricing power out there, Mark. We believe that the carrier still have the ability to price for rational -- there is room, they are starting to have lines that are suffering and there is room to price those lines up to get their profits back into the right spot.
Mark Hughes: In the Risk Management business, do you have a view on workers comp claims, whether frequency is up, down, sideways? I know you are taking share and your clients are adding payroll, so that may be influencing your frequency, but aside from that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: You hit right on it. The Gallagher Basset is up 4.8% and workers compensation claims this year from existing clients, that’s a definite proxy for the economy. That’s because there is more employees in place.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Doug Howell: The world is getting to be a safer place. That’s what Gallagher Basset helps our clients do. But just the growth in the economy also fuels more claims. So as the economy grows, it should offset our customers getting safer.
Mark Hughes: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Good morning, guys. Couple of different questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: How is RPS doing? Was organic RPS in line with the Brokerage, better, or worse?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It was little better.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And how would say submissions are now compared to year ago RPS?
J. Patrick Gallagher: They are up -- just up slightly single digits.
Adam Klauber: Single digit. Okay. Thanks. And then as far as the benefits business, again the same, is that doing, would you say, better or worse than average on the organic side?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Better than its PC relative. The benefits space is, it’s a great space for us right now, Adam. You’ve got the Affordable Care Act and compliance issues, employers now are seeing growth in there business, so payrolls and HR is huge issues and we are not just doing health and welfare anymore. We are helping our clients with everything from what position they are going to take in terms of their HR, whether it would be compensation, whether it would be wellness, whether it would be health and welfare, how do you communicate that, all that works together. And frankly, the small broker in the house space is dead, they just haven’t laid down yet.
Adam Klauber: Right. And as far as exchange, do you think you will have more business this year than last year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: By a factor of a lot.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Those are all my questions. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian DiRubbio with Tipp Hill Capital Management. Please proceed with your question.
Brian DiRubbio: Good morning, gentlemen.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Brian.
Brian DiRubbio: Just a conceptual question, probably more for you Doug. As you guys thinking about more, a few more international acquisitions, does it make more sense to use your cash that’s located overseas or to start issuing debt overseas, especially with the European bond markets are doing right now in terms of yield?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think first is use the cash that’s created by the indigenous operations there, so it’s better to keep it there reinvestment and that’s actually works great. And remember, if we do bring it back, we are in a fortunate position that even if we brought it back to higher tax jurisdictions, our tax credits will shelter that. So we do have the flexibility of moving currency around the globe and not have a damning effect on our taxes. So that’s worth a thing. Looking at international, yes, I think those are some opportunities there. There are some issues about doing that. There needs to enough of a sizeable offering there to attract attention, but it’s certainly something that on our radar screen to see as we look forward, maybe that’s a spot to do the debt. So you’re thinking about it the right way.
Brian DiRubbio: Got you. And then just, Pat, for you. At what point do rates have to start coming down before your clients start pushing you to change carriers? I mean, is it -- down 1%, I guess most people won't change because of the convenience factors, but I mean do rates have to start coming down 5%-plus for that to start occurring in the market?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I think what’s interesting, of course you have to be competing on price. I mean, people say, whether you compete on and prices are big part of it. And if there was a carrier that wanted to break for market share and was willing to be 7 to 10 off I think but not 5 but 7 to 10 off that could cause some consternation in the market and could cause some movement. They would in fact pickup share doing that. And that’s why it’s interesting to me to see this rational behavior in terms of the competitive landscape. I’ve never really live with this before, so it’s been one way or the other, either you’ve got rates coming down substantially and you sharpen everything or rates are going up and you’re scrambling to get the coverage you want. So I think there is a C change here. It’s been probably four years now of relatively rational behavior by underwriters and I think it’s very similar to what we saw with the benefits business in the 70s, going into the 80s. The cycle came out because people began to understand that the inflation behind what was going on with medical care would not allow you just to compete on price. And I think people see that. We do have claim inflation in the marketplace. There is tort inflation. There is not a lot of good rates of return in the buyer market and they got to make their money underwriting and they’re very, very -- they much better equipped at this time in my career with information that I’ve ever seen. So when I talk to CEOs of insurance companies, they know by line, by geography, where they’re making money, where they’re not making money, and they’re holding those offices and those underwriters accountable for underwriting profit. And I think that’s a great place to be.
Brian DiRubbio: Got you. Great, guys. Thanks for the comment.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields: Thanks so much. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: So one question. We haven’t talked about this in a while. Heath Lambert had some sort of Western Europe aspiration. Can you talk about what you’re doing outside of the U.K. and Europe?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. We have -- in fact, I will be meeting with them next week. We have what we refer to, Doug refer to, our branded network is called the Gallagher Global Alliance and that’s how we’re trading in Europe through affiliates that are independently owned agencies that are vetted by us and contracted by us to help our clients and we mutually share the work on clients that they have in locations where they don’t have operations in the same and we do the same. And right now in Western Europe, we have nothing in the pipeline to move in that direction.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you. And then a question for Doug, I was just trying to get the straight. You talked about getting -- I don’t know about half of the margin expansion from headcount control internally. Does that change the bogie from 3% organic growth to translate into margin expansion or is that sort of assumed in there?
Doug Howell: That’s assumed in there. The fact as we get better at what we do, we have the opportunity to become more efficient, more productive and still raise our quality, but there is just a natural -- people deserve --w here those stay reserves raises though that we don’t re-hire. Consolidate jobs, but that’s baked in there. Headcount controls or something that’s baked into my assumption that you still got to have headcount controls even you have 4% organic growth too.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then finally given the London market presence, is there any impact on margins from foreign exchange changes?
Doug Howell: Yeah. I mean, just the math would show that could cause some margin contraction. So just by the way you do the math, we actually have a nice book of dollar denominated revenues, because of our specialty business in London, so that kind of helps a little bit with the pounds. So it’s not so big. We don’t have that kind of dollar denominated revenues in Canada, Australia and New Zealand there. So it does have a little impact on margin but it -- but not that much just by the pure math.
Meyer Shields: Okay. But the little impact is, its sounds like you’re saying it is adverse on that base?
Doug Howell: Correct.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Peters: Good morning, Pat and Doug. Congratulations on the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Greg.
Greg Peters: Hey. From a big picture perspective, it seems like technology and analytics are playing an increasingly important role in revenue production. And so I was wondering, how you measure the adequacy of your continuing investment in this area in the context of the margin improvement you laid out for the balance of the year?
Doug Howell: Well, we’re getting good technology improvement lift. As you know we’re still investing in Gallagher Bassett, our analytics workbench there is probably the best in the business right now, but beyond a doubt its bringing great value to our customers and so we’re getting value from math. Some of the technology investments we are making, they are table stakes. So we’re doing that and then when you look over in the Brokerage segment, our ability to capture all the premium that we place around that globe, so we can sit down and have valuable productive conversations with our carriers is delivering value too. So in terms of measuring our technology investments, some of it just stay competitive in the business and some would generate revenue and we think that what we’re doing both in the Gallagher Bassett, analytic workbench and then in the -- on the Brokerage side, of our smart market, our advantage products, which are data products, we think we’re doing a good job on that. And it’s leading to some nice revenue opportunities for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I would agree, I think, when you look at this, Greg, the payback that we’ve gotten on technology investments, it’s pretty high to put your finger right on it, but putting salesforce.com in place. Having the technology -- the technical capabilities now to have all of our U.S. operations on the PC side, on one agency system we’ve been in -- basically one agency system in the benefit side for years, giving us tremendous abilities to use a data warehouse. We now know more about our book-of-business every single day than we did years ago and it’s incredibly helpful in terms of being able to compete. When I go see the contracting risk and I can tell them exactly, how many dollars of premium we have in the contracting space, you can tell them, how many accounts, where they are, what size they are and why they should trade with us. And I can translate that to what that means to the insurance carriers that we are placing that business with, it gives our producers a real leg up.
Greg Peters: From a budgeting perspective, do you measure your investment as a percentage of revenue and is it done by segment? And would you say that that increase stable or decrease thing trend wise?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It’s about stable with our -- as a percentage of revenues, I don’t have that committed to memory, but it's about stable. We are not seen it increasing. Our revenue growth -- one of the advantages of getting scale, allows us to continue to reinvest in the technology space with more scale. And so our efforts are to remove the duplicity that comes with putting together a lot of agencies together, take that spend that's they were spending individually aggregate and reinvested in tools, technology tools, that help us sell more and help our clients do better with managing their risk. So that is the advantage of scale. There is no question about that that our offshore centers of excellence in India benefit from the scale, as we bring new smaller tuck-in agencies onto our platform, we get that -- we harvest that spend in reinvestment. So there are advantages of the scale, Greg, there’s no question about that.
Greg Peters: On the offshore centers of excellence, have we pretty much harvested all that can be done out there or ...
J. Patrick Gallagher: No.
Greg Peters: Do you see further opportunities?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Oh! I see huge opportunities. I believe 20% to 25% of our employees ultimately will be in those centers, whether they are in India, whether they are in the Philippines or they are here in the U.S. or wherever we put them. I think the service centers that we are creating will continue to be tremendously additive to two things, both -- first, our margin, but most importantly to our quality. We’ll issue over a million certificates of insurance out of India this year. We know for a fact. We can go in and look at this. We do that that 99% accuracy. Now when I was addressing a group of independent agents and brokers just last week, I asked them how many of them had any clue what their level of quality was on the certificates they put out. There’s not one of them that even knows how to measure it. And that I believe is sellable in the marketplace. When I can go into a client and say look, here is the facts, your certificates are going to out at 99% accuracy, do you care about that, well, yeah, you do care about that. Because that's what you're relating to your vendors and your clients, what your coverage is, it better be accurate. So there's tons of opportunities.
Greg Peters: Right. Thank you very much for your answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Greg.
A - : Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Sebaski: So, first question, Pat, you are talking about before the rating and the sort of the dynamic of what's going on in the rational pricing. I guess, I am curious on your take on how much of that is the information that carriers have versus the low interest rate? And I guess my -- what I am trying to get to is do you think this rationalization -- when rates -- win rates normalize that the need is -- the information will still be there, but the need on underwriting return will be less?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, now that's a great question. Charles and I have to be honest with you. I don't know we are going to find that out, aren’t we? I mean, I think that certainly interest rates have played a large part in the rationale approach. But will also -- I think there’s three other factors that have added to this. Number one, I think you’ve got senior management, the senior leaders that clearly have better information and a much stronger understanding of their role is to generate returns year in and year out. And they can get their hands around what's going out on the field like they never could before. The other thing is I do believe that Sarbanes-Oxley is having an impact. I’ll use this as a generalization. In my past years, if an underwriting carrier -- if a carrier was -- could post 93 combined and I won’t ever mentioned any names they’d post 99. And they put the rest away as kind of nuts for the winner. And you can’t do that anymore. Boards are all over reserves. You guys are very good in the analytical world of looking at reserve redundancies or reserve shortfalls. And I think that people have to play it as it actually comes out of the box. So if you got it 89 combine, you are going to have to tell the world you had an 89. So yes I think you are right, if interest rates go up it will create, I believe, some enticement for underwriters to understand that they can do better on the investment side that may soften the market. But at the same time, I just see a higher level of professionalism in the CEO suite and much better information.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think Charles, you also have the dynamic of frequency reverts more to the historical norm. Some of the pricing advantages that carriers have been having or result of advantage has been from lower frequency on the actuarial picks than expected. So even if you got any tick up in interest rates a little bit than frequency reverts more to where it was during the more active period in our economy, those could have a mid offsetting effect to one another. So you can’t look just at interest rates. The great thing about is with the data that the carriers have with the sophistication they will be able to adjust that as it comes along. And so when frequency goes up they’ll bake that into pricing. When interest rates go up, they’ll bake that into the pricing. When severity changes, they can bake it. And I just don’t see them subsidizing. They are not going to have a lot of lines that they would consider to be loss leaders. I just don’t see that working well. They are either going to make money in that line or they are not going to write it. So that is a different environment to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think Doug hit at it. What we are seeing now is really cycles within the cycle right. So we know that large property accounts were soft last year 2014. We expect continued softening in 2015. So our RPS unit as it comes around to July 1st is going to see serious competition for catastrophe property globally. Not seeing that in worker's compensation you are not going to see that on a regular property accounts through Oklahoma. So it’s -- I think Doug’s point is a good one -- line by line geography by geography, they are underwriting, they are really truly underwriting.
Charles Sebaski: Can I ask about your guys plan more internationally, where does -- what does Gallagher look like in two or three years. I guess it seems like the international expansion has kind of picked up last year. I'm wondering if there's going to be a larger press for South America, Latin America other emerging market type companies and what your presence might be like two, three years down the road?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We that's a good question. First of all, we’ve always covered at the world. So we've been very opportunistic. We’ve been in Australia for 15 plus years with Gallagher Bassett and with some smaller acquisition on the Brokerage side. The moves that we made last year, I think were seminal moves for the company. I compare that to strategically going public in 1984. And you are going to see us do it tremendous number of bolt-ons. We are going to able to do what we’ve done in the United States now, in Australia, some degree in New Zealand, clearly in the UK and very clearly in Canada. We’ve got those pipelines building and we've actually done some of those deals. So you’re going to see us bolting on in those places where we’ve created a platform. We are active in Latin America, we like emerging markets. We took a 21% stake in our Mexican partners three fours years ago. We’ve invested in smaller firms in Chile and Peru. We have -- Singapore has been active for us now for almost 15 years. We did a small partnership with one of the largest brokers in China. And so I think you’ll see us continue to take toeholds in locations where we’re not, and bolt-on in locations where we have a platform.
Charles Sebaski: And finally to Doug, I guess, I have a question about the margin expansion and the roll-in. You said that in the next couple of quarters there might be 25 or 50 bps of margin expansion from the new business roll-in. And I guess my question, is that just due to those new businesses being higher margin and whether there is any margin to be had from those new business from synergy costs, cost containment outside of just the natural higher margin of those businesses were doing and how that would work for the next four quarters, five quarters give or take?
Doug Howell: Right. So just for semantic purpose, let’s not refer to our M&A as new business because that might confuse somebody as that’s new organic business. So just for our M&A rollover, you heard me right that there was a probably a quarter to 50 basis points in the second quarter. I don’t know if there is much more in the third and fourth quarter from the roll-in of those slightly higher margin businesses that we bought. So that’s the large deal roll-in affect of that. Going forward, there are opportunities for synergies that can result from those -- as we fully integrate those operations. So that could produce some margin -- further margin expansion as you get to 2016. But let’s get integration done first and then I will -- to make that that we are delivering a unified brand, a unified IT system, a unified telephone system, marketing together and then we’ll go to that next step to see whether that synergy will naturally falloff for that.
Charles Sebaski: I appreciate all the answers.
Doug Howell: All right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. The clean energy -- Doug, I think you said, it’s more around how you thought. Could you add some color for us to get visibility and do you still think that business could be up materially this year compared to last year?
Doug Howell: I’ve never said that it’s going to be up materially this year. I said that this year is a platform year for a step-up in ‘16.
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Doug Howell: And perhaps, this is a flat year but I do believe there is upside in next year. We are having tremendous appetite for our remaining plans. Remember, our desire is to own a portfolio of plans, so you are going to have always have some that start-ups, some that shutdown for production reason, for appetite for clean call. We see that the appetite for further planned installation has been very strong at this time. So this is a platform year relative to 2014, but in ‘16 we see another step-up in that.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then as far as interest and banking costs, should we think about the rest of the year similar to what we saw for this quarter?
Doug Howell: Yes. We provided the guidance back on page 15, I think of the supplement. We feel comfortable with the ranges that we provided on that supplement there. So if you use that you will get pretty close to your interest and banking cost, as well as the other Corporate line.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then finally, as far as share count, non-acquisitions, what should that do?
Doug Howell: Typically, what we have is about a 1.5 million shares between basic and fully diluted related to our option, in our restricted stocks, et, cetera that go out, would be the employee compensation that is on slide. I see that somewhere in the 6 million to 7 million ranges, just constantly at that level.
Adam Klauber: So is that for quarter, for the year?
Doug Howell: That’s just for the year.
Adam Klauber: Just for the year. Okay.
Doug Howell: The thing is our basic plus -- if you just take basic and add about a 6 million to each you get to the fully diluted.
Adam Klauber: Great. Okay. Thanks a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Gentlemen, our last question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kai Pan: Thank you for taking the follow-up. Doug, you mentioned you issued 1 million shares first quarter, expecting 3 to 4 million in second quarter. Just curious, is that because you see some large deal in the pipeline, would need some larger allocation of the stock component?
Doug Howell: Kai, we’ve got a couple of tax-free exchanges that are lined up during that quarter. Remember, we use stock in a tax-free exchange and frankly, there is a lot of our partners right now that want the stock. We have future partner that want the stocks, which we like. So that’s the real reason there.
Kai Pan: Okay. So it's not specifically allocated for some potential large deals?
Doug Howell: That’s right.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Kai. I think that’s all our questions. Lisa, is that correct?
Operator: Yes, it is sir.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. Just one quick comment. Thank you again everyone for being with us this morning. We really appreciate it. As I said at the beginning, I’m incredibly pleased with our start to 2015 and look forward to continuing to execute. I think we’ve got good momentum and hope to have a solid 2015. Thank you for being with us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael S. Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc. Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company LLC John Campbell - Stephens, Inc. Daniel Farrell - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Markets Arash Soleimani - Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , Inc. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets J. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher:
,: What a great quarter we had and what a great finish to an unbelievable year. And as we go into 2015, we remain very bullish. Our team performed exceptionally well everywhere across the globe in an every operating business that we’re in. Strategically, I believe 2014 was really a seminal year, a year which we established a global base that will allow us to continue to grow over the coming decades. We’re done integrating our Bollinger acquisition and our new operations in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK are all integrating well and delivering results. In 2014, we went from a small retail presence in Australia, Canada and New Zealand to a top five broker with a real platform for both organic sales and mergers. And our acquisition pipeline is growing there nicely. In UK, Oval and Giles are now Arthur J. Gallagher across our 70 UK offices we are seeing good sales momentum as well as many acquisition opportunities. I am very pleased with how the UK team is coming together putting the days of private equity ownership behind them and selling the Gallagher brand. In addition, to our larger deals we did 57 other acquisitions that’s more than one a week. These were a classic Gallagher deals. Entrepreneurially owned, looking for a home to continue to grow and build their business. In a nutshell, they see how joining Gallagher gives them access to our resources, expertise and capabilities. So they can sell more, I want to welcome all of our new partners together we will continue to grow a great business and I know you all had choices. So thanks for joining Gallagher. Let me go back to the operating results. As we said in the press release the brokerage and risk management businesses had an outstanding quarter. Good growth combined revenue up 31% on an adjusted basis. Good organic growth 5.6% all in. Brokerage basic commissions and fees were up 4.2%. Risk Management organic was 12.6% and we had nice margin expansion in both segments. And on top of all that growth, our clean energy investments took another big step up and generated over 50% earnings growth. Well done to all my colleagues and the whole team around the globe. I am very, very proud of these results. Let me go into a number of our operating businesses for a little bit more color. First, I will start with U.S. retail property/casualty. The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers rates report is out and once again rates are begin reported as essentially flat, which we agree with by the way. Small accounts were up 1.1%, medium accounts were reported about flat, large accounts were reported down about 2.2%. In my opinion, we are in a new era of a prolonged stable and rational rate environment. In my meetings with domestic insurance companies they resolved to continue their four-year market flattish rates. Accounts that deserve decreases are getting them for those that need increases are being coated higher. This really is an excellent market for our brokers and our clients like. This is a market that will continue to reward expertise. And one thing we are building everyday around the world is expertise. Secondly, let me move to employee benefits. In 2014, the employee benefits team was very busy helping our customers manage their benefits and HR needs. This trend will continue nicely in 2015, as the complexity grows along with higher benefits and wage costs. In the U.S. employers continue to deal with the impact of the ACA, the Affordable Care Act. Our team has the tools and resources necessary to assist our clients in compliance with this law. We continue to see solid interest in the Gallagher marketplace, our private label insurance exchange as more employees, employers understand the advantages in offering this to their employees. 2015 will be a very busy year for the exchange. The team continues to invest in tools and resources, our clients need to manage their employee benefits and human resource needs. This has helped with strong new business sales and it continues to drive increased merger and acquisition opportunities in the U.S. and truly globally. Thirdly, we would look at our UK and Canada. We are seeing the market there is flattish to a little down in Australian and New Zealand it’s down maybe mid single-digits. And even in this environment, our existing operations posted 2% in organic growth. Fourth, our wholesale and specialty businesses both in the United States and London had a fantastic quarter. Solid organic growth of about 5%, domestically our wholesalers overcame strong headwinds in the property market and international our London specialty unit grow stronger by the day as we continue to service customers all around the world. Fifth, let me shift to our Risk Management business which is Gallagher Bassett, what a strong quarter, what a strong year. 12.6% organic, adjusted EBITDAC margin improved 225 basis points over 16 points of margin and a great finish to the year. Revenue growth was fueled by a number of things: First, strong new business domestically and internationally and across both our large commercial and carrier units; secondly, client retention at about 95%; and thirdly mid single-digit growth in claim counts. Finally, we continue to invest in our managed care offering, our IT systems and our claims analytics all with the goal of delivering industry leading claim outcomes. I want to thank all my colleagues across the globe for pushing through the whole 12 months. What a great finish we had. We’re still in focus for integrating our new partners, selling a lot of new business and taking good care of our clients and retaining those clients and in 2014 continuing to be recognized as one of the world’s most ethical company’s. Let me finish by rephrasing why I think 2014 was in fact in our history going to be looked at it several year. We’ve had aspirations of being a global growth enterprise since my dad open our offices in London and Bermuda in 1974. We now have 20,000 plus people spread across the globe bringing the expertise of our organization, no matter where in the world that expertise is located to our clients. We developed more clients, we developed more mergers, we developed more geographies, we really made some giant strides in our journey in 2014 and I am very, very pleased. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. What a terrific finish to a game changing year for Gallagher. All right, let’s please flip to the table on Page 2, and here some other items for you to consider as you review our results and work on your models for 2015. We’ll start with the brokerage on Page 2. Brokerage segment adjusted EPS of $0.50, up 22% in the quarter. Foreign currency did not have much impact year-over-year in the quarter, but have the dollar remained at third quarter levels we would have earned another penny. Looking towards 2015, if the dollars stays at current levels it will cost us about a penny in the first quarter and then about $0.02 to $0.03 in the second and $0.02 in the third. Next integration, you heard Pat’s comments that Bollinger is done and the others are moving along as planned. Looking to 2015, we are seeing integration cost of about $0.07 to $0.09 a quarter in the first half and $0.05 to $0.06 a quarter in the second half. Again that’s $0.07 to $0.09 a quarter in the first half and $0.05 to $0.06 a quarter in the second half. Staying with brokerage, but turning to Page 3 to the organic revenue table at the bottom. Pat gave you some flavor around the world. So let me give you some more detail behind the 4.2% organic growth in base commissions. We saw about a little over 4% came from our domestic retail operations, international was nearly 4% and domestic wholesale was around 7%. So, solid numbers around the globe, no matter how you add them up. Second, as for supplements and contingents together organically about flat in the fourth quarter, which given we had a gangbuster fourth quarter in 2013, should be viewed as really excellent work by the team. For 2015, we are feeling a little preference from carriers to move from supplements to contingents, but buy and large we are renewing most of our contracts as is and we see some moderate growth in these lines. Third, rate in exposure together basically have zero impact on our organic growth this quarter. This is consistent with what we have been seen since mid-2011. So like Pat said we are in a new rate environment and still a very healthy one for that matter. Look now to Page 4, to the brokerage segment adjusted EBITDAC margin table near the bottom of the page. Adjusted margins are up over 180 basis points about two-thirds of that results from the rolling impact of the larger deals and about a third from organic growth and expense controls. Again, that’s also great work by the team. Now let me give you some thoughts as you prepare your models for 2015 for the brokerage segment. First, we’ve said this a lot in the past, but I can’t emphasize it enough that our brokerage segment has substantial seasonality in our first quarter. You can really see it on Page 4 of our investor supplement. As a result, our first quarter has historically had by far our lowest margins and we historically posted a smallest amount of organic growth in the first quarter versus the latter quarters and full year. I really encourage you to reflect this dramatic first quarter seasonality in your models. Second, given the sizeable amount of M&A we have this year, projecting rollover revenues can be difficult. So for your 2015 models assume rollover revenues about $175 million in the first quarter 2015, a $125 million in Q2, $25 million in Q3, and $10 million in Q4. Then you will need to add your pick for organic and for 2015 acquisitions. Also when you make your pick for 2015 acquisitions, please consider that M&A historically in a quarter tends to skew towards the last month not the first month. That can have an impact in your models and we don’t control for that also. Third, also please be careful in your model investment income. We call that our investment income has revenues from our premium financing business. While revenues are somewhat apparent in that investment income line, it isn’t easy to see the cost associated with that revenue. That cause some confusion last quarter, so we’ve added a footnote on page 12, of the release to show the net impact to EBITDAC which is very small relatively speaking. So please make sure your models don’t have all the investment income hitting the bottom line. Fourth, as for first quarter 2015 margins, we estimate about 80 basis points to 100 basis points of margin expansion from our larger deals as they roll into the numbers. But I am not seeing much more margin expansion from organic in the first quarter given our seasonality. Fifth, let me give you some non-cash estimates for the first quarter for the brokerage segment. For depreciation assume about $15 million of expense, for amortization about $55 million, for acquisition earn out amortization assume about $5 million. Then as we do more M&A for every dollar we spend you need to increase amortization by about 1% of the purchase price per quarter and that will get you close. Let's turn to Page 4 to the Risk Management segment. Really, an excellent quarter across the board. Breaking down the organic, our domestic operations grew near 12% and internationally near 17%. Margins were nicely up over last year and we surpassed our 16% target for the year. I guess that was on Page 5. Let's turn to Page 6 to the corporate table. Overall, we came in slightly above our midpoint guidance and you’ll see the retirement de-risking strategy that we discussed in our last call and in the December 8-K. And remember the de-risking charge is non-cash and those payments are made from plan assets, not from our corporate cash. We saw a very nice outcome on all fronts. Looking forward when you get ready to model 2015 for our corporate segment, please take a look at our investors supplement Page 15. We provided a 2014 adjusted view and we’ve also provided our estimates for the corporate segment for each quarter of 2015. We’ve adjusted 2014 on that Page 15 for both de-risking and non-cash accounting gains on our clean-energy investments giving you an apples-to-apples view with our estimates for 2015. A few other thoughts on 2015. First, we are still waiting for some production estimates from our utility partners, so there are still some wide ranges on the clean energy line of the estimates. Second, you’ll see that the midpoint in the clean energy estimates is about 10% up over 2000 adjusted 2014. We see 2015 as a stair step year to 2016 where there could then be another move up in the earnings as we put a few more plants back into service this year. Third, you’ll see that our first quarter clean energy estimates were also seasonally smallest which results from the accounting rules not from production. Affectively the accounting rules require recognition of tax credits somewhat in proportion to our pretax earnings not as such credits are generated. In our case we produce more credits in the first quarter then we can recognize in earnings, but then catch up over the following quarters. Footnote 1 on Page 16 shows this affect. Finally, some comments on our M&A program. Excluding the large deals we did 57 mergers in 2014 at an average multiple of EBITDAC of 5.9 times in a weighted average multiple of 6.7 times. Average pro forma margins where in the very high-20s. Second, looking towards 2015 M&A, we can spend about $400 million a nice tuck-in in bolt-on mergers in 2014 without having to issue any stock. That said there will be tax structure deals and mergers where the sellers wishes to take our shares, so of course we would do that. Based on our pipeline, we see opportunities that might pushes over $400 million in purchase price, so if we did another $150 million to $200 million of purchase price we might need to use about 3 million to 4 million shares in 2015. Our pipeline is terrific at this point. All right, those are my comments and like I said to start what a great way to finish a game changing year. Thanks, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Doug. Mannie, you want to open the lines up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael S. Nannizzi: Sure, thank you. Hey, one question I had was in risk management. There's been a lot of growth there. I know you talk about the 16% margin as kind of a target. Is there operating leverage in that model that could allow you, if you continue to see the kind of growth that you have seen to reset that to 17% this year maybe higher? Just trying to get an understanding of the leverage of that business and where the leverage might be. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I see I think we’re targeting about 16.5% of margins, so there is some opportunity improve in the Risk Management segment.
Michael S. Nannizzi: Got it. And just in terms of what is driving that? Is it - is there a relationship between top line and margin? Or is that just kind of that mid- to high-teens margin business no matter how big you are?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen, no matter how big we are – that could change the answer, but I think in the size that Gallagher Bassett is right now with the investments that we want to make for improving our customer’s claim outcomes. We think 16.5% is pretty healthy and industry leading at this point.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I was going to say thesame thing Mike, this is Pat. We believe we have the industry leading margin. And I will tell you it’s not the same as the brokerage business. When you write new claims business, claims show up, and you'd better have somebody there to adjust them.
Michael S. Nannizzi: Got it, got it. Okay, great. And then just trying to get an understanding also of the comp ratios in the brokerage business. And obviously, there's a lot going into what those numbers were this year and also other operating expense. Is there a way that we should be thinking about those pieces separately? Or is it just - is there just too much noise to be thinking about extracting or extrapolating a trend line?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, I think that our investor supplement on Pages 4 and 5 of the investor supplement provide a good historical trend on that. We see a comp ratio in the high-50s and we see a operating expense ratio in that 17% to 18% range as probably a good go forward ratio.
Michael S. Nannizzi: Got, it.
Douglas K. Howell: You’ve got to look at that for the entire year remember that that can cause issues on our first quarter because our comp ratio is – because of our seasonality, when I am saying that you know in the high-50s for, that’s for the year 17%, 18% for operating that’s for the year, too, but again our first quarter is so seasonal, you’ll see those numbers higher than that.
Michael S. Nannizzi: Got it. Then just wondered - one quick news point. I saw that the CFO of international had left. Can you talk about what is happening in Europe? Maybe an update on the integration and any sort of update on management out there would be helpful. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure, I was just there last week and had some very good sessions with the leadership team there. And we have a CFO that was offered another opportunity to work someplace else, that we’re started to lose him. But he is a good guy and he is taking an opportunity in private equity that he thinks will be better for him. So but the team remains very solid. Very pleased with the integration I’m seeing. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks we are now trading as Arthur J. Gallagher everywhere. We are seeing organic growth, we’re selling more than we’re losing that’s good. And I think the troops in the leadership team over the last six months really come together nicely.
Michael S. Nannizzi: Great, thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Adam Klauber of William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Thanks, good morning guys. Couple of different questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: How are Noraxis and Wesfarmers doing on an organic basis? It's not included in organic, but how are they looking so far?
Douglas K. Howell: Together just slightly between 0% and 1% organically between them maybe a little softer in Australia and New Zealand and little better than that in Canada. Now with that caveat, there is some difference in accounting. We’ve tried to levelize for that as best as we can, as I give you that answer, but we are nice flat a point or two between those two units.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thanks. And I think you mentioned there is going to be some more integration cost in 2015. Could you give us some idea I guess just more what that's about and what should be the ultimate impact of that integration cost?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I said at the opening part of my comments, so we see $0.07 to $0.09 a quarter in the first quarter and second quarter and $0.05 to $0.06 a quarter in the third and fourth quarters. Most of that has to do with system integration, real estate consolidations and moves. We have incentive compensation for some of the teams that are working on that. There are some employee change costs that are in that number. So there is of course lot of excess travel that goes on with it, lease abandonment charges. So it’s the common thing that you would see similar to what we get with Bollinger. We brought in 12 different units there. We moved some folks around. We rebranded, so there is cost in that. So it’s just a standard integration cost that you would see just like Bollinger. And it takes us Adam, a year to 15 months to integrate a larger deal, maybe I’ll stretch to 18 months on some of them, really each one of them is different. In Canada, Australia, and New Zealand it’s more extracting them from their former parent those cost, when you get into the UK, it’s a little bit more intricate as you put together Oval, Giles, the old Heath Lambert, and the old Arthur J. Gallagher. So it depends on a country, but if you look at past Bollinger’s done and the cost were very similar when it came to that one too.
Adam Klauber: Okay. So do you think 2015 will be for, I imagine these are mainly Noraxis/Wesfarmers. Do you think the 2015 will be mainly the end, and 2016 we shouldn't have too much? Or should these be ongoing through 2016?
Douglas K. Howell: No, I think we are pretty well done by the end of 2015. There will be some drips, one of the issues when it comes to real estate abandoned the cost, so you don’t take the charge on an abandon to your last folks are out of the building. And we would never do, but we had 300 personal offices and two people allow technically can’t take the charge until the two people move out of the building. So we would obviously not do that, we get it done faster, but there might be a little bit of that that creeps into 2016, but by and large will be done.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. That will be great. And then switching to the wholesale MGA segment, clearly there's been some pricing pressure on property. I noticed for most of the year you've had pretty good flow still coming from the standard market to the E&S market that helps submissions. I'm hearing some inklings that that flow is slowing down a little. What are you guys seeing in the market?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We had a great fourth quarter and we killed in the fourth quarter, we had a lot of activity. I’d say the property rate decreases really did affect us in the first and seriously in the second quarter July 1, September those tend to be big months, but as we came into the fourth quarter, so that property is behind us, we just, we killed it, it was fantastic. Submission flows were up, our hit ratios were up. Remember we are the largest MGA in the United States and so those are many times small startup businesses around the country that are coming in. That’s kind of a good sign for the economy, we are seeing small startup businesses that need cover. So I’m very bullish and we are excited about the acquisition pipeline in those businesses as well.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Thanks, that's helpful. And then, Doug, on net cash provided by operations, could you give us some idea -- we have it around $350 million, 2013. Is that going to be up materially in 2014?
Douglas K. Howell: I’d say above $400 million in 2015. So we can do $400 million with the deals mostly from our free cash flow and we have decent amount of stock, we go to $600 million of deals we are doing that, but by and large we see a cash flows being pretty strong, the nice opportunities are that we are seeing global opportunities for our - to use our cash in acquisition, so we are seeing nice opportunities in Australia, Canada and New Zealand. And also to on that point, one of the things we’ve talked about in the past, if you look at us from a global basis on our cash taxes paid, we’re down to basically about 10% of our EBITDA overall if you just - you can’t use exactly the 10-Q or 10-K numbers, because that have some estimated taxes, but we’ve done a really job between our tax credits and our structure internationally we are paying about, only about 10% in actual cash taxes paid as a percentage of our EBITDA. So cash flows are pretty good.
Adam Klauber: Okay, one thing, so if dividends are running in the 200 million plus range and then you have 400 million of cash flow. How do you have 400 million for acquisitions?
Douglas K. Howell: Well I took the dividends out when I got to the 200 million, so if you want to start with an EBITDA number 10% goes taxes, about 10% goes CapEx, about 5% goes to cost of reducing our taxes, 25% goes to dividends so to speak, it could get down to about 40% number of our EBITDA number that available for acquisitions.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. Maybe we can talk more detailed, I don’t want to take up too much time, but that’s helpful. Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell: Okay, thanks Adam.
Adam Klauber: Yep, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Campbell with Stephens. Please go ahead.
John Campbell: Hey guys congrats on a good quarter and a good year.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you John, appreciate it.
John Campbell: Absolutely. So it looks like you guys used some of that at the market stock plan in the quarter. I think you have got about 166 or so remaining in the balance of the – I guess the next year or two, but just trying to get your thoughts on the programs for the remainder of the year and then Doug is that going to be tied to the kind of north of 400 million acquired revenues without using stock comment you just meant?
Douglas K. Howell: A couple of different answers to the question is that when we talk about using stock for acquisitions, we can either use the dribble out to bring the cash in and then push that out in an acquisition or we can use stock directly to the sellers depending on the structure, but so my commentary about maybe using 3 million to 4 million share in 2015 would include – we can choose to use the dribble out to do that or we could choose to do it directly to sellers. So they are inclusive of one another.
John Campbell: Okay that makes sense and then Doug just two housekeeping items here. So what was CapEx in the quarter and then maybe if you can get us a sense for what you guys are budgeting out for the year and then is a 35% tax rate a good starting point for brokerage for the year?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes to the last question, I think that in terms of CapEx the general rule of thumb is whatever we depreciate we probably spend in CapEx plus maybe 10% or 15% more of that number that’s kind of the way that we budget our CapEx. So I think that was your two pieces of the question right.
John Campbell: And then CapEx in the quarter?
Douglas K. Howell: Oh CapEx in the quarter, hold on a second, I’ll see if I can get that. Maybe $22 million. Yeah $22 million.
John Campbell: Got it, okay thanks guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Daniel Farrell with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Daniel Farrell: Hi, good morning.
Douglas K. Howell: Good morning Dan.
Daniel Farrell: A question on your smaller M&A - the sort of 57 other deals that you do. How do we think about the margin of those deals coming on? I know you have talked about the larger ones having a higher margin, but when we think about smaller M&A, does that generally come on at the same margin? Is it a lower margin? And then as you bring it onto the platform, you can lift those margins up?
Douglas K. Howell: Now typically the pro forma maybe a couple margin points better than lets say our overall brokerage margin segment, but then by the time we – put our employee benefit plans, we don’t really - on the smaller deals there is a not a lot of synergy opportunities Dan on the tuck-ins. The place where we get opportunities on the smaller deals is in our capabilities and resources allows them to go out and sell more insurance.
Daniel Farrell: Right. Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I would say margins in general margin is pretty similar to what we’ve got.
Douglas K. Howell: Right.
Daniel Farrell: Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Pro forma.
Douglas K. Howell: They are in the high-20s just like ours somewhere in the 25 points.
Daniel Farrell: Okay. And then unrestricted cash of $314 million at the end of the quarter - how much would you characterize as usable cash within that number?
Douglas K. Howell: So I think it’s about $200 million.
Daniel Farrell: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: Most of that is offshore at this point, and so as our acquisition opportunities internationally there is $200 million there. Also on our balance sheets since we’re talking about as we do have credit carryovers of almost $250 million. So that’s those are warehouse credits that we will be able to use to reduce our tax rate going forward to.
Daniel Farrell: Does that factor into your previous comment that you are sort of in reality at 10% tax rate on the EBITDA? Do you factor that in when you think about it?
Douglas K. Howell: Right now we are actually producing more credits than we’re using to actually warehousing some of the credits. Some of - that the reason why is through 2015 lot of those credits have a special feature with them that allows us to reduce our AMT down to about 8% or 8.5% so those are special credits that’s okay to have in the warehouse so to speak, but that will help us reduce our cash taxes paid going forward substantially.
Daniel Farrell: Okay. Great thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. In the corporate segment, you described or suggested there would be a step-up in 2016 in the contribution from the clean coal. Would it be similar to what we're seeing from 2014 to 2015?
Douglas K. Howell: I would hope to better that. I think it’s a little early at this point to say, but we’d hope to see a betterment to what we are doing this year. You really look at it - if you look at how these things work, we get plants up and running, we put them in service and then we move into different locations during the year. This is year there will be a lot of further work by the team and we hope to get more of those plant online towards the end of 2015. So you will see that the hard work that’s going on right now will start paying in 2016.
Mark Hughes: And so to be clear, the clean-energy-related contribution of $90 million stepping up to, say, $100 million at the midpoint for 2015, it ought to step up even faster in 2016?
Douglas K. Howell: Based on what we are seeing now, yes that can change, but yes.
Mark Hughes: And then the 1Q guidance you give for corporate, does that include some de-risking, which I presume would be non-operational, and you would segregate that out when you report operating earnings? Or is this did not include the de-risking?
Douglas K. Howell: There is no de-risking charge in the first quarter of 2015, there were non-cash gains in the clean-energy line in the first quarter of 2014. So we’ll treat that as a adjusted item when we report our 2015 result. You should be able to see that on page 15 of the investor supplement, where we give you an adjust - we take reported, corporate, we adjust for the de-risking and for the non-cash clean-energy step up in basis gains, and then we give you 2015 on a comparative basis. But we don’t see step up in basis gains in 2015 nor do we see a de-risking charge in 2015.
Mark Hughes: That rollover guidance you gave for the organic growth or to help us calculate revenue, does that include all of the deals you did through the end of 2014?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, so that is not just big deal that’s all deals through the end of 2014 does not include any organic nor does that include any 2015 mergers that we haven’t closed by 12/31/2015.
Mark Hughes: Then final question, did you give the organic growth in the benefits business?
Douglas K. Howell: The benefits business was north of 4% in the fourth quarter.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel: Good morning, Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel: Question on currency, the numbers you gave us on the impacts for Q1 through Q4 those will be adjusted out? So those are not going to be in the adjusted earnings?
Douglas K. Howell: What we’ll do Bob, is typically when we present current year information in order to make a comparable, we’ll make an adjustment to the prior year. So when we get to 2015 we’ll basically adjust 2014 to remove the currency impact as an adjusted item.
Robert Glasspiegel: Well, I guess I'm not sure I follow the answer, sorry. Is this going to be something we should factor in as a headwind in our adjusted operating earnings? Or is it going to be neutralized?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it depends on what you start, what I would do, as I would take down the prior year 2014 by few pennies and then project half of that. I said a penny in the first quarter, two to three in the second and two in the third. So I’ve dropped down 2014 and project half of that, because that will be a new base line for 2014.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. I've got to hit you offline on that. Are you factoring in both income statement and balance sheet when you are giving those numbers?
Douglas K. Howell: This is the income statement fact we don’t have balance sheet changes that go through the P&L.
Robert Glasspiegel: No assets overseas that get marked?
Douglas K. Howell: No, that goes through OCI.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. And your severance charges and lease were heavy in the quarter. Anything specifically that was driving the $0.12?
Douglas K. Howell: If you look at the integration efforts that we’ve had I mean are you talking about in the integration line, you are talking about the severance and at least abandonment line.
Robert Glasspiegel: The $0.12 for workforce and lease termination $26 million...
Douglas K. Howell: Well, actually you are on the $0.12 was in the acquisition integration line, but we didn’t have much in workflows and lease termination a $1.8.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: And of course it’s the $0.12 of acquisition, yes, that’s up a little bit from the guidance I gave in October by a few pennies largely had an opportunity to push forward on a couple contract terminations and we did have a nice move that if we got taking care of that allow us to take a charge in the fourth quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay, last question: your dividend increase is a lot slower than your EBITDA per-share growth, and you are issuing stock, so – and the shareholders are getting less of the increase in earnings – understandably, because you are using the money for deals. Is that something we should expect? Or does the dividends and capital management start to march in line with the EBITDA growth at some point?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think we’ll probably keep that growth in dividend at a slower rate than EBITDA growth depending on the deal pipeline.
Robert Glasspiegel: And the thought process behind that, Pat?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We took our dividends up substantially number of years ago, Bob you remember that..
Robert Glasspiegel: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I guess to a point where we kind of at constraint cash with dividend still have the best yield in the business, have share I think nicely with our shareholders our growth where we had a slowdown in the great recession, we did not deduct any of that from dividend payment and I think as we build our capital plan going forward, we see our selves being modest in dividend increase and continuing to be very acquisitive.
Douglas K. Howell: That was just a terrific opportunity for M&A activity right now Bob, I think that as the baby boomers are getting closer to retirement, there is really nice number of family owned entrepreneurial franchises out there, so we see lots of M&A activity that can be a good use of our cash.
Robert Glasspiegel: Got you, thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Bob.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Arash Soleimani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks and good morning everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Arash Soleimani: I Just wanted to follow up again on the FX question. So just kind of making up a number here, if we were expecting, let's say -- again, making up a number -- $1.00 for 2015, does it make sense to take that down a few pennies for the FX in the adjusted EPS estimate?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes I think so. I mean for the whole year, maybe $0.02 or $0.03 and then you are going to have the impact of – the real issue is the pound spiked up during the middle of the year and then fell off, the Canadian Aussie dollar just kind of had a trickledown effect throughout the year and then kind of fell off a little bit as the Canadian dollar did in the fourth quarter. So you get a little bit of this spike up and spike down during the year, but I think that’s probably a good way to look at it.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, yes because in the press release, I think it said FX is excluded from adjusted, but it sounds like the adjustment is made to the prior-year numbers, from what you're saying.
Douglas K. Howell: Correct. Yes, we represent prior year to show the impact of FX that’s comparable without currency movements.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks. And then can you -- I know you talked about some of the rollover numbers from acquisitions. Can you just talk about the seasonality of revenues in those acquired companies and how that seasonality compares to Gallagher's historical seasonality?
Douglas K. Howell: Well listen if you roll them all up and you put them all together actually it accentuates our seasonality a little bit more, we were always a small first quarter company and a lot of these transactions we’ve done has not I would say changed that much.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, okay. And then the first quarter of 2014 adjustment that you guys made -- this might be, again, a better question for offline -- but if I get to the net adjusted $16.5 million that you have for the first quarter, on a per-share basis, I can't get to that $0.06. Is there something else in there that could be impacting that, or…
Douglas K. Howell: Sorry. Help me where are you.
Arash Soleimani: So I guess it’s the corporate as adjusted page of the supplement and you start with $4.6 million as your net earnings for corporate in the first quarter and then with the adjustments it goes to negative $16.5 million and then you have negative $0.06 as the EPS for that quarter in corporate adjusted and I guess that’s page 15 of the supplement. So basically just on a per share basis.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, let me look at that offline.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, that’s fair, probably a better offline question, but.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Arash.
Arash Soleimani: Yes, I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning Kai.
Kai Pan: First question on the organic growth in the UK and in Australia, New Zealand, Canada it looks like overseas organic is kind of slower than you had in the U.S. just wondering its just mark environment over there or if there are anything your control you can improve that organic growth going forward.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I’ll touch on some operating aspects and let Doug give you the numbers, but I think what we are finding is when we put on a nice tuck-in acquisition anywhere in the world that thing is integrated in nine months they are hitting the ground rather than Gallagher is helping them, our resources are working and they are selling more business. Into these larger ones like Heath, Bollinger it probably takes 18-months till the troops have found the rest room, they know what they are doing, they know how to get to the resources, the resources are engaged and organic growth is influenced by the fact that they joined Gallagher. And so I think you have to expect that to occur in Australia, New Zealand, Canada a bit and the UK. Now also to your point the market is softer in Australia and New Zealand a bit softer in Canada, a bit softer in the UK than it is in the United States and as Doug said in his prepared remarks we are seeing almost no impact from market advances or declines in the U.S. domestic business, but that’s not true in these other countries. And Doug can talk about the specific numbers and yes I do think that overtime as we have with our acquisitions in the United States, once they are integrated into Gallagher organic growth does improve. Do you want to talk about the specific numbers?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, look and I think that when you look at the ones overseas right now, we are seeing nice net unit sales growth in Canada, we are having nice net unit sales growth in New Zealand, Australia is the place where brining our sales culture there will helps us do that but still they are selling some nice business there. And then the UK, we had really nice results out of the oval acquisition, Giles was steady so I am not seeing any particular weakness as I go around the globe on that.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. And then there is like a distressed situation - Towergates in the UK. You said in the past you're not interested in it. I just wonder, given the situation over there, do you see organic opportunity from that, from competitors, such as hiring brokers or getting new business?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Kai, we’re always looking to hire good people into the organization, but I would not say that that provide us any astronomical opportunity.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. And then a number of questions for Doug. Just wanted to clarify - you said a margin expansion from these large deals last year going to help you about 80 to 100 basis points. Is that for the full year or just for the first quarter?
Douglas K. Howell: That’s first quarter.
Kai Pan: And will that help the subsequent quarter as well?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, remember by the time we get to the second quarter every deal really will have been in our second quarter numbers from last year expect for Noraxis, which is the Canadian acquisition because remember we bought Oval on April 1, so that was in our second quarter 2014 numbers, we bought Wesfarmers effective mid-June. But they have a strong June. So we picked up some of their numbers. And really Noraxis we closed on July 1st. So the impact of the roll in of the larger deals were pretty well be in our numbers. And there might be a little bit of an impact in the second quarter, but I don’t have that number in front of me.
Kai Pan: Okay. Organically you said that you expect no expansion in the first quarter. Is that right?
Douglas K. Howell: I think it’s very hard for us to show organic growth, organic expansion in the first quarter given our seasonality.
Kai Pan: Okay. But you do expect some margin expansion in the latter half of the year?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen I think that you know depending on what organic as we’ve said, that it’s anything above 3% we might have a chance at it. Anything below 3% its hard work to remain flat and if you get negative of course that’s hard to hold margins. But we’ll see where organic comes in and a lot better feel for that at the end of the first quarter.
Kai Pan: Great. Lastly, if I may, you have a terrific year in terms of number acquisitions we've done. It seems like people are waiting to join the Gallagher family. And I just wonder, do you see any increase in competition in terms of getting deals, in terms of just valuation? Because you are paying still a pretty reasonable - 6 or 7 times EBITDA. But I just wonder, is there increasing competition in terms of valuation for deals?
J. Patrick Gallagher: If you just take a look at the size of those deals in the 57, I would say that there is competition for every single one of them, but it’s not as fierce as it is when you get bigger.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Well, thank you so much for all the answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Kai.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott G. Heleniak: Hi, good morning, thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Scott.
Scott G. Heleniak: I just want to touch on a couple questions, first in risk management. The organic growth rate was higher than the overall growth rate for that segment. And just wondered if you could refresh me on the difference. Is that just currency, then? In other words, organic…
Douglas K. Howell: Say your question again, the organic growth was…
Scott G. Heleniak: It was higher in risk management. It was 12.5%, but the overall revenue growth rate, I think, was 11.5% for that unit. So is the difference, is that currency, then?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, it is.
Scott G. Heleniak: Yes, okay. I figured it was. Just clarifying. And then the - I wanted to clarify on the risk management margins, the target you gave, the 16.5%, is that for this coming year? Or is that just over time you are targeting that?
Douglas K. Howell: That’s 2015 target.
Scott G. Heleniak: Okay. And then the client retention you mentioned 95% of risk management, which is very good. Can you compare that historically is that an all-time high? Or how does it compare to previous years?
Douglas K. Howell: I would say it’s pretty similar.
Scott G. Heleniak: Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Over the last couple of years is probably up a point or two.
Scott G. Heleniak: All right. And just a question on the recent move in commodity oil prices. Does that have any impact on your ability to utilize any of the tax credits that you have? Is there any impact on that at all?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, there is no phase-out based on oil prices. There is a phase-out based on coal prices, but as oil comes down and price so does coal. So that actually helps us and we are a long ways away from a phase-out in coal prices.
Scott G. Heleniak: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
J. Paul Newsome: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Paul.
J. Paul Newsome: My first question, are you seeing claim count increases in your risk management business on kind of a same-store basis or an account-by-account basis?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, we are seeing same-stores or account-by-account up about 5%.
J. Paul Newsome: So given that it's mostly workers' comp, if I recall, that suggests that we would get a little bit increase in frequency of workers' comp?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think we are seeing frequency and more employment, so it’s not that our customers are less safe is that they have more employees.
J. Paul Newsome: Excellent. And then I wanted to ask a little bit of a devil's advocate question. So if we are indeed going into a environment where rate is pretty flat, why is that necessarily a good thing for a brokerage operation, which obviously makes – you know all of them make a lot of high margins when you could argue that much of what you provide is dealing with the volatility, the inherent volatility in insurance prices, which historically have been pretty volatile. And you needed a lot of help to make sure you were on top of what was happening in the market?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all our clients need a lot of help no matter what the rate environment and which you had in the past historically you get these hard markets where all breaks loose, you can’t get the insurance, it becomes a sellers market, it basically make every single one of your clients unbelievably angry and when the rates starts to settle down your loss business goes up. In a flat rate environment you are not ticking off every single client, because prices are going crazy, you’ve got a reasonable request for increases if in fact their losses have not been good, you can help cope with their loss situation and improve their pricing by reducing loss and you don’t have somebody show up was a one-off broker with a 25% decrease in the cost of the program. Now we are all in the level playing field, base costs were about the same that’s why my comments are now becomes an expertise game. Who do you want to hire? You want to hire the Jones's agency down the street that has a really nice guys and plays golf with you on Saturday’s, but really doesn’t have any expertise or you want Arthur J. Gallagher that has latterly hundreds of capabilities behind us to help that client regardless of what their business is and regardless where they want to play in the world. Give me that opportunity without having a rate declines of any substance I will outsell my loss business and I will not have to factor in rate decreases and we will do extremely, extremely well.
J. Paul Newsome: Thanks for the answers guys. And congratulations in the quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: Thank you, Paul.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua D. Shanker: Yes, I apologize for joining a little late, but given my notoriously byzantine questions, I can't imagine anyone has asked them yet. So the first question is; just thinking about acquisition pipeline for 2015 and your direct-to-capital ratio, is there any difference in how you think about paying for deals with cash whether it's cash on hand versus with debt issuance or paying with equity?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, of course we always think about that and I think this year is that we're kind of targeting a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.5 X by the end of the year, our free cash flows it does leave us some more borrowing capacity towards the end of the year too, so but I don’t see us issuing a lot of dent this year and I don’t see us using a lot of stock this year, our pipeline is good right now, the multiples are reasonable out there, franchises that are coming up and for us to do 50, 60 deals again in 2015 at a nice revenue multiple like this year was $4 million I think on a size deal. So it looks like that we can buy $200 million to $ 300 million of revenue with cash you know maybe just to smidge more debt by the end of the year and then obviously if the appetite is bigger than that we can use some of our shares, but right now when you can pick-up nice franchises in the six to seven multiple range I think that’s a good opportunity for us. And like Pat said it bring some terrific resources to us, some great niche players that have some great, great niche – it will fit well in our niches, fit well with our products set that we all have some nice programs. There are some really nice opportunities out there right now.
Joshua D. Shanker: Okay and switching gears a little bit, looking at the investment income book gains line; do you happen to know the number for book gains?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes it’s on page two, the book gains were 4.7 in the quarter.
Joshua D. Shanker: Okay so that’s kind of what I guessed. And if I look at that and I look at last quarter the yield on fiduciary assets seems to be close to 2%, am I crazy or I mean that seems fantastic.
Douglas K. Howell: I can’t speak to whether you are crazy or not, but I could probably do some math here while we are on the phone, let me work on that and see if I can get back to you. I think that we are seeing some – we do make some nice money on our fiduciary funds in Australia and New Zealand where yields are a little bit higher there that could be influencing a little bit, but let me see if I can do the math and get back to it. Now you did see the premium finance note on page 12, so if you take out - maybe that’s what you are looking at. If you take out the investment income on our Premium Finance business maybe that will produce a different math for you.
Joshua D. Shanker: I think we did it, but we can get to play around with it.
Douglas K. Howell: Got it. Let me just look at it here while we're talking.
Joshua D. Shanker: That’s it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. Thanks Josh.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks Josh.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] and the next question is from Ken Billingsley of Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Kenneth G. Billingsley: Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on adding more plants in 2015. can you talk about how the impact of regulatory changes and I guess until the last few weeks a more milder weather, the impact that its going to have on maybe the projections that you had initially set out for plant expansion and maybe what would create maybe a slowdown in those expansion plans.
Douglas K. Howell: Right, so first of all regulatory changes on the appetite for coal in the U.S. there is no new news and that the fact is that most of these plants run till 2021, it takes a long time to take a plant offline should a utility decide to do that but I just don’t see a major disruption by utility because of regulatory changes taking any of our clean energy plants offline. If they were to do that and shutdown a utility, those plants are portable and they can be moved to another utility that hasn’t been – hasn’t shut themselves down on that. So moving the plants around is an option, I don’t see threats by displacement of substantial amounts for natural gas in a lot of our plants that we use and frankly when we sit there and pick plants you know we are talking about 33 machines with an opportunity of thousands of boilers at plants around the country. So most of the places that we put them in that we have a long-term view of the utilities appetite to continue to run the plants through 2021. That said, we will get a plant from time-to-time that decides to shift to natural gas and we will take it down and we will move it, that’s why we would rather own a portfolio of 33 of them than maybe own 40% or 50% of those versus own a 100% of 15, there are some nice diversification aspects of that. So I don’t really see the risk that you highlighted there as being a reason why we wouldn’t get more plants up in running in 2016.
Kenneth G. Billingsley: Okay and regarding the natural gas, are these alternatives that are in place using natural gas or is this the infrastructure that they have built out?
Douglas K. Howell: Most of them would have build out substantial infrastructure and that also just giving the gap to the plant in such volumes there are some plants there that – since it would have to have some pretty big pipes going across a long range in order to get natural gas into these plants. The rail lines are there, the coal has been coming in for decades. So that’s a big move by the utility plants, they would have to do a smaller plant that – its not that running that many tons, they might be able to pumping up gas and then they got to retrofit their burners, its not an easy thing for them to convert to gas and it takes a long time and we have proactive conversations with the utility managers on this. So we have insights into what they are going to be doing with their plant and we don’t see big threats from that right now.
Kenneth G. Billingsley: And was it most of your plants that’s a 33 there in place, coal is the primary, there is not another alternative already in place there now.
Douglas K. Howell: That’s correct.
Kenneth G. Billingsley: Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you Ken. Thanks everybody for being with us this morning. I appreciate you being on the call and thanks for your questions. I think that its fair to say that we just finished with a incredible year and I couldn’t be any prouder of the team in what we accomplished, we just accomplished an awful lot in 2014 and I’m looking forward to continuing to our growth journey in 2015, so thanks for all of you being with us today and have a good rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Douglas K. Howell - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles Sebaski Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Robert. Good morning, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us this morning for our conference call. We appreciate you being on the line. This morning, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. This morning, as is our custom, I'll add some color to our quarter, discuss our merger activity, discuss each of our operating divisions, and then turn the floor over to Doug for some comments, and then we'll get to questions and answers. It's really unbelievable, another record quarter for Gallagher. Our combined Brokerage and Risk Management businesses, which we look at as our core businesses, our adjusted revenues were up 38%. All-in, our organic growth was 7.1%. Adjusted EBITDAC is up 43%. Adjusted margins are up 80 basis points. And our adjusted EPS is up 15%. All in all, just a terrific quarter. I could not be any prouder of our team. Let me discuss, first of all, mergers and acquisitions. As you know, over the last 18 months, we have closed 5 large acquisitions: Bollinger, Giles, Oval, Wesfarmers and Noraxis. These are all onboarding well, with growth opportunities showing themselves almost every single day. But realize our strategy of acquiring our typical entrepreneurial firms continues nicely. In the quarter, we closed 18 tuck-in mergers, bringing on board $63 million of annualized revenue or an average revenue size of $3.5 million per merger. And our pipeline remains incredibly strong. All of these firms had choices. It is a very competitive merger and acquisition marketplace today. So I want to welcome our new partners and thank them for their vote of confidence. Together, we'll continue building our company. Let me move to the Brokerage segment results and some commentary about the Brokerage segment. First of all, the results. Adjusted revenues, up 45%. All-in organic, up 5.8%. Adjusted EBITDAC, up 46%. Adjusted margins, up 24 basis points. But remember, and we talked about this last quarter, that we're up 90 basis points excluding the seasonal impact of our larger acquisitions. And adjusted EPS is up 18%. Within the segment, our retail property/casualty business in the United States continues to operate in what I would call a flattish environment. Our team is just back from the CIAB meeting in Colorado Springs, that's the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers. We're in over 20 meetings with markets. We continue to hear CEOs talk about disciplined underwriting. As one CEO said, if the account deserves a reduction, I want my team to give it to them. But if the account needs an increase, we better be getting it. That is exactly what we're seeing on the street. All carriers are keenly aware that with investment yields very low and loss cost inflating, a flat renewal is actually a decrease. This is the fourth year of a market phase that is either slightly up or slightly down depending on the account. We're not in a traditional soft market nor are we in a traditional hard market, but rather a stable market. My meetings lead me to believe that the carriers will carry this forward, this discipline into 2015 and possibly even longer. And frankly, that's a great market for the brokerage industry and I think it's a great market for our clients. Our International Brokerage business is doing quite well. In the U.K., just this week, we rebranded all of our retail offices. No longer are we trading as Gallagher Heath, Giles or Oval. All our retail branches will trade as Arthur J. Gallagher, a move that I believe will clearly demonstrate that we are coming together as one strong company to better serve our existing clients and to produce strong new business results. Our Benefits Brokerage and Consulting business in the United States continues to assist our clients with the myriad compliance issues brought about by the new healthcare law. Our private label exchange, which we call the Gallagher Marketplace, is gaining real traction. I believe we will see significant growth in the exchange in 2015 and beyond. And our merger and acquisition opportunities in the Benefits business, both in the United States and globally, are outstanding. And finally in this segment, our Wholesale Brokerage business in the U.S., Risk Placement Services, had a great quarter. The rate challenges that we faced in the second quarter were not as pronounced in the third. Let me turn to our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett, which also had an outstanding quarter. Revenue up 12%, all of which is organic. Adjusted EBITDAC is up 19% and adjusted margins up 96 basis points. GB is seeing strong new business wins domestically and internationally. These are comprised of large self-insured accounts and insurance companies outsourcing their claims work. We continue to make investments in systems around the globe, as well as service enhancements with one goal in mind, and that's better claim outcomes for our clients. So all of our operating divisions contributed to our outstanding quarter. And to top it off, our clean energy investments are on track to top $100 million of earnings this year. All in all, just a fantastic quarter. All of us get up every day and focus on 4 things: Number 1, organic growth; number 2, mergers and acquisitions; number 3, productivity and enhanced quality for our clients; and number 4, maintaining the unique Gallagher culture. I can say in each of these 4 areas, we truly excelled in the third quarter. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. For my comments today, I'm not going to repeat each number in the earnings release but I will say, it's very nice to have an outstanding quarter on every single measure. Here are some other items for you to consider as you review our results and work on your models. All right, on Page 1. You heard Pat say the integration is going as planned and going well. We had $0.08 of charges this quarter. Looking forward, we expect $0.08 of costs, integration costs in the fourth quarter, and then about $0.05 in each quarter of 2015. On Page 2, to that organic revenue table at the bottom. I have 4 comments on that. First, you'll see that we had an excellent quarter on all 3 components: Base, supplementals and contingents. Please understand that we coach our field that to understand the importance of getting the appropriate compensation for services. And to us, it doesn't matter where it gets classified in the financial statements. Second, you'll see that we've added a footnote explaining that we had a great quarter in terms of net larger account wins. But note, even without this perfect storm, or maybe what I should say a perfect sunshine, our base organic growth would be about 4%, and overall brokerage organic would be about 5%. Either way, an awesome job by the team this quarter. Third, the impact of rate was slightly negative, but less than a percentage point this quarter, which is very similar to the last 2 quarters. So like Pat said, we are in a stable, rational rate environment, which is very healthy for our customers, the carriers and the brokers. And finally, breaking down the 5.8% brokerage organic growth. Domestic was just shy of 5% and international was a bit above 8%. Now let's look to Page 3 to the brokerage adjusted EBITDAC margin near the bottom of the page. Adjusted margins are up 24 basis points on the face but really, we're up about 90 basis points when adjusting for the margin compression due to the seasonality inherent in our larger mergers that we had forecasted in last quarter's conference call. So being up 90 basis points without the seasonality is really excellent work by the team. Looking towards the fourth quarter, it flips the other way. The larger merger seasonality bolsters overall margins by about 100 to 150 basis points. Also, let me give you some noncash estimates for the fourth quarter for the Brokerage segment. In your models, for amortization, assume about $55 million a quarter; for acquisition earnout amortization, assume about $5 million; and for depreciation, assume about $15 million. Then, you also need to adjust your models as we do more M&A. A good rule of thumb is for every dollar we spend, you'll need to increase the amortization expense by about 1% of the purchase price per quarter. And that should get you pretty close. Before we leave Brokerage, let me hit one other item that is causing some questions. Please turn to Page 9 of the earnings release. This quarter, you'll see $19.1 million in the revenue line called investment income and gains realized on book sales. Let me break that line down for you. In there, there's$900,000, which is true book gains from sales of books of business. And you can see that we adjust that out on Page 1 like we always do. Next, there's $5 million in that line from investment income on our premium float. It's up about $2.5 million from third quarter 2013, mainly due to the float we now have in Australia and New Zealand, which have much higher short-term investment yields. And finally, there's about $13 million from investment -- from interest income and fees related to the Premium Financing business that is part of the Crombie OM's [ph] brokerage operations. What you can't see is about $10 million of costs, classified in compensation and operating expense lines down below, which is what we spend to operate the Premium Financing business. So on a net basis, the Premium Financing business makes about $3 million a quarter. As you look forward, the book gains are not really recurring and that's why we adjust for those, but interest income on the premium float and the net earnings from the Premium Financing operations is part and parcel to our Brokerage business in Australia and New Zealand. All right. Let's turn back to Page 4 of the earnings release to the Risk Management segment. Really, an excellent quarter across the board. Breaking down the organic, our domestic operations grew near 10% and internationally, near 20%, so good performance in both areas. Looking at the fourth quarter, we don't see an organic quarter quite as strong as the third quarter, more in the 5% to 8% range, and we intend on making some more client-centric investments so we're targeting a fourth quarter margin of about 16% for the Risk Management segment in the fourth quarter. Let's shift to Page 5 to the Corporate segment. In aggregate, you'll see us right in line with the midpoint of the range we gave last quarter, with a slightly stronger quarter from our clean energy investments more than covering a touch more M&A costs. Looking forward, please spend some time on Page 15 of our investment supplement. We've added a couple of footnotes in there for you -- to help you with your models. First, you'll read in footnote 3 on Page 15 of our investment supplement that we are in the process of making an early payout offer to former employer -- employees that are still in our frozen pension plan. This de-risking exercise will happen in the fourth quarter and payments will come from plan assets, not from our corporate cash. The related fourth quarter noncash P&L charge is not reflected in the estimates for the fourth quarter that we show on Page 14 of the supplement. In mid-December, when we know the amount of the charge, we'll likely file an 8-K with the numbers. Second, footnote 2 on Page 15 of the supplement, provides our first guess at the corporate segment's first quarter 2015 earnings. We are waiting on longer-term production forecast from the utilities and we might be able to provide -- and when we get those, we might be able to provide a better guess at the remainder of 2015, also when we file the 8-K in December. Finally, a comment on foreign currency. There wasn't much impact this quarter when we boil it all down. And we estimate at current -- and we estimate, at current exchange rate, that it will cost us about $0.01 per quarter going forward if exchange rates stay where they are today. So those are my comments. And then, as a wrap up, like I said at the start, it's a terrific quarter on all measures. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. And Robert, we're ready to go to questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have one question just about integration of these large acquisitions. Can you just sort of talk about, operationally, how that process is going? What are -- do you see opportunities for additional synergies from any or all of these acquisitions? And do you have capacity to continue to think about new candidates should opportunities arise?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks for the question, Mike. This is Pat. First of all, the integration across the board, that's in New Zealand, Australia, Canada and the U.K., is going extremely well. We're seeing exactly what we had hoped for. When it comes to expanding the business, we needed a platform in those locations to continue to do the bolt-on acquisitions that we do so well here in the United States and that we've been doing in the U.K. And we're seeing that activity percolating along very nicely. So the fact that we're now one of the largest brokers in Australia, we are, we believe, the largest in New Zealand, is giving us opportunities there to continue to bolt acquisitions on, and the same is true in Canada and the U.K. So the work streams that are involved in bringing these people aboard, minor things like, just as I mentioned in my comments, the rebranding in the U.K. are going extremely well. And I think that what we're hoping for in the long run is to continue to be able to build those businesses out. You asked the question as to whether we have capacity to continue to do acquisitions? I think the leadership in each of those locations is excited. They're turned on and they're telling our story to smaller business owners that, I believe, will want to join us. So we have plenty of capacity. Our pipeline is very strong, both domestically and globally. And I think it bodes well for future acquisitions.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And are there costs associated with the rebranding effort, for example, or just certain steps during the kind of integration process that you incur? Or are those all contemplated when you think about and then talk about the impact on margins from those acquisitions?
Douglas K. Howell: Mike, it's Doug. There are a couple of comments to amplify on what Pat said. And as a direct answer to your question, is those costs that we incur for this rebranding exercise and to do the system conversions and everything, we classify those in the integration cost line, so we break those out for you there. But our adjusted operating margins would exclude the integration costs associated with those deals. I think also, just important, it's not really a broad brush approach. Each acquisition has a different integration exercise. For instance, Bollinger, that we bought a little over a year ago, is just a part -- it's been fully integrated to our Northeast region operations. And so that's pretty well done at this point and that was a series of merging in 12 different branch locations, and merging our New York office and our Philadelphia offices and a couple in New Jersey. So that's done. So that's a different exercise and what you see in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Well, there really isn't a lot of integration associated with those because we don't have substantial -- didn't have substantial operations in Canada, New Zealand or Australia, so it's really more of them becoming part of us, so that's different. And then in the U.K., when you've got organizations like Oval and Giles coming together, there are a series of branches that are merging together, there are leadership changes that are going on with that. So each one, it's not a broad brush approach to how we integrate, but each one has their own separate plan on how they become part of Gallagher. So -- and that's all being done as we work. And it takes about a year to 15 months to really make all that happen. But like I said, on Bollinger, we did that merger in August of last year, and here in October, we're pretty well done with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first question on the acquisition, follow up on Mike's question. Basically, what's underlying growth rates? I believe it's not in organic growth at these 5 large acquisitions that you recently acquired.
Douglas K. Howell: Kai, good question. On the Bollinger acquisition, it's pretty tough for us to track that at this point. At this point, they're merged into our operations and so we're not seeing, I don't see a lot of -- a big difference between Bollinger and what our Northeast region offices are performing at this point. When you look at Australia, New Zealand and Canada, the growth rates there are in the low single digits, similar to our operations. In the U.K., as we put the Oval and Giles acquisition a little bit, I would say their growth rates are more flat. There's also an exercise that we go through, and we do call out some clients as a result of the suitability, capability, et cetera, and just -- it's sometimes, they're just too costly to operate. So we spend a year culling through the book of business. If we're not making money on an account, we need to go through a repricing exercise on that. If the service load is too heavy, we may need to just sit down and say that we can't afford to service your business, so maybe you need to find another broker. By and large, we work through those over a year to 18 months on the deal. So there's also a difference in the accounting basis. You do have some -- in some of the acquisitions, they pre-recognize monthly bill. In our situation, we don't, so we have to levelize that out. So there's a whole exercise going through on the organic. But by and large, it's not all that different than what you're seeing across Gallagher globally.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And actually, Kai, this is Pat. It takes 6 to 12 months for our new partners in those parts of the world to kind of really understand the power of the organization and to tap into things like salesforce.com and the niches that we've got. And once that gets some traction, we do quite well. So it's a year of basically getting to know each other.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's great. Then, on the organic growth. It's a very nice rebound from the last 2 quarters. But underlying is 4%, also nice growth there. But I just wonder if you can give a little more on the large account activities? I believe it wasn't -- that wasn't an issue in the past. It's just, why this quarter?
Douglas K. Howell: It's a confluence of events that our teams did some great jobs on a couple of big wins that came through in the quarter. That, it's just a little -- a lot of pattern for us. We don't see that happening quite as much. But our guys, they're good at large accounts and it just kind of get -- came together in this quarter. So 5.8% overall with those in, about 5% without them overall, that's a pretty good quarter.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's great. Lastly, on reinsurance. I believe you don't have a large reinsurance brokerage operations and -- but you just have some investment, minority investment in a new startup. I just wonder, given what's happening in the reinsurance marketplace, what you thought about getting into that business?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, we're extremely excited about our partnership with Grahame Chilton and Capsicum Re. And it's kind of an interesting play there. The traditional view of the marketplace in terms of reinsurance is that you have to have incredible amounts of analytics to be able to compete. And one of the things that Chily has kind of brought to the table is that with all of the capacity that's in the reinsurance market, there's a premium now on execution, on actual placement. So it's -- in essence, it's almost kind of a return to the past. And that business is going extremely well for us. Obviously, we're not the majority owner of Capsicum Re, but we're a good partner and we see really great traction there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: I wanted to get a little bit additional color on the organic growth. I guess from -- whether it's outside of the new account, the large accounts, that those are wins, the more traditional business. Are you seeing that from current account base expansion or net new clients to the business? Like where is -- any additional on where that's really stemming from?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure, let me break that down for you, Charles. This is Pat. First of all, when the market, over the last 4 years, has either been firming a bit, and again, that CIAB numbers are not out yet, but in the past, we've seen as much as maybe 4%, maybe 5% rate increases. Now, we're seeing kind of flattish to down a bit. Our people have mitigated those impacts and the marketplace itself has contributed less than 1%, either up or down, to our organic growth. Our organic growth comes from one thing. We sell more than we lose. We get up every morning and we knock on doors and we tell people we ought to handle their insurance. And the data that we're able to accumulate today, which is far better than any we've seen in the past, tells us that we know that 90% of the time, when we go out into the marketplace to compete, we compete with a player that's smaller than we are. Now for people like myself that came aboard in 1976 when nobody even knew who we were in Chicago, that's a whole different position to be in. So our organic growth is coming from market share increase. Period.
Douglas K. Howell: One thing, Chuck, to amplify on that. We just don't lose accounts that much anymore. When it really comes right down to it, on our bread-and-butter accounts, our service quality that we measure every day is better than ever before, and so we just don't have service -- we just don't drop the ball on renewals. In this low rate change environment, our customers get to see the capabilities. They're not just constantly looking at rate increase or rate decrease. So they're actually being able to look through and see the differences you get with Gallagher. Our niche expertise, our service quality that's higher than most of our competitors. So they get to see the differentiation that you get with Gallagher and we think that's leading to good organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher: As far as the size of the firm today, I believe we are probably the only firm of our size that pays our people for what they basically write.
Charles Sebaski: No. And I wasn't trying to get to whether the organic had to do with pricing increases. I guess the question, and maybe I'm thinking about it wrong, is on your traditional mid-market business, whether you have accounts where somebody's not buying cyber liability, and this year they are, versus picking up an account that was a client of HUB group.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Both of those.
Charles Sebaski: That's -- I was wondering if there was one that was leading to more of the organic growth than the other?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll tell you, you raised a really good point. One of the things that we're focusing on very heavily is exactly your point on lines of business that we're not presently writing. So we are looking at every single account as it comes up for renewal. And if we're writing the property in the auto, but we don't have the general liability in the umbrella, we're going hard at it at adding those lines. At the same time, it's straight up competition on new pieces of business. So it's really a combination of both.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then a follow-up on the margin, kind of 2 parts. One, in the release, you talked about some -- you talked on the brokerage about some salary and compensation expense reductions in the quarter. And I'm wondering if that is to continue? Or what really drove that? And additionally, Doug, you said the brokerage margin should expand 100 to 150 basis points on the seasonality reversal. But if you also have organic growth over 3, there's more margin expansion. So I'm guessing, should adjusted EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter be kind of in excess of 24%?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I'm not going to an absolute number, I'd have to check last quarter, last year, or fourth quarter last year, but let me hit it in reverse. The larger deals will contribute 100 to 150 basis points of margin expansion. Our normal organic growth, our normal acquisition activity will have an impact on margin also. So the back part of your question there is that in a -- if we said in a perfect world that we have 0 margin change at 3% organic growth, then you would see 100 to 150 basis points due to the reversal of the seasonality on the larger deals. Greater than 3%, there could be some more margin expansion. Less than 3%, you might -- it might be tough to hold in there where we are. So that's the first. And the first part of the question was on the -- we provide some, on Pages 3 of 11 of our press release, some explanation with respect to changes that impact the comparability of our comp and operating expense ratio. It's just lower levels of -- when we say salary decreases and a reduction incentive compensation, there is no current large-scale change in headcount or anything like that, that's just the natural change as we become more productive. We just don't hire quite as many people as maybe terminate. But there's no big risk in there that's causing that adjustment.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And there's no -- there hasn't been a change that might upend the employee base that, hey, we're doing a comp review and adjusting our comp strategy?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No.
Douglas K. Howell: No. Our people deserve to get paid and they're getting paid.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Arash Soleimani with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: In terms of the growth you mentioned in 2015 for Gallagher Marketplace, is there anything we should think about in terms of margins on that end? And will that be new client wins, or is that existing clients? I just wanted to get some more color on that please.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think the marketplace is going to get a lot of traction, both from new clients wins, as well as existing accounts that are presently in a more traditional arrangement, either moving to defined contribution or just liking the ability to give their employees more choice. So I think you'll see a greater movement, especially as we get around to the fall of next year when open enrollment is once again on us. Right now, I think people are still learning about the exchanges and they're interested in them, but I think because open enrollment is already going on, most people are sort of stuck with renewing the kind of process and program that they have in place. They also are concerned about not losing any grandfathering as we go into more compliance rules in 2015. And so I think it's going to take time through the spring and the summer of next year for the C-Suite to really understand the opportunities the exchange provides, and I think you'll see a nice blip in '16 and '17.
Douglas K. Howell: It's not going to have any impact on our margin one way or another.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Correct.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And I know in terms of the large account sales, I know you've mentioned in the past, perhaps I think maybe at your last Investor Day, that you were trying to, I guess, penetrate a bit more into the large account space. With that said, should we expect more of these sort of organic growth boost from large sales to kind of continue here and there over the next couple of years or so? Or is it truly onetime in nature?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think Arash, our people get up every day and go out and compete head-to-head with everybody that's in the marketplace. As I said, earlier, 90% of the time when we compete, we're competing with a smaller, probably more localized competitor. But we're very good at large accounts. Large accounts are what created Gallagher Bassett 40 years ago, 50 years ago. And it's -- but they're lumpy. And one of the things we want to do is be as transparent with you as shareholders as we can possibly be.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, no, that's very much appreciated. And lastly, just to confirm, did you mention the risk management margin? I mean, not margin, organic growth, would go to the 5% to 8% range next quarter?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. We see that as a more reasonable range than nearly 12%.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: For the strength you did see in 3Q in risk management, you had mentioned more self-insured, more outsourcing by insurance companies. Could you give us some more detail on that? Are you seeing a greater flow of opportunities? Your hit rate is up. What's driving that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Actually, this year, I would say it's both. We've had a very good year on the large account front. Written business is up substantially from prior year. I think that the product offering that we're getting, the people that we're recruiting are getting some traction in the self-insured market. Large accounts are looking at us as a very viable choice for doing their claims work. But also very excitingly to me, and I think this is a true shift in the business, is insurance companies that are willing to outsource claims work. It starts oftentimes with them taking a look at locations, maybe where they don't have infrastructure, where they'd like us to do some support work. And then ultimately, over time, oftentimes it leads to true partnerships. I won't mention names because I don't think that would be appropriate on a call, but I'll give you one example. There's one large insurer that basically outsources the entire construction book of business they have to Gallagher Bassett. I was able to go to the partnership meeting where we're working together on how do we want to adjust those claims and what differences do we want to see? There were over 150 people in the room. That's people working together from the insurer and from Gallagher Bassett, making sure that the product offering they have in the construction world in the United States is differentiated by virtue of the fact that the claims outcomes, they believe, will be superior. That's exciting stuff.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. It really comes down, Mark, to demonstrating claim outcomes that are better. The audience will listen to that, whether it's a commercial customer, a public entity, a carrier. When we're paying $9 billion a year of claims, maybe we're touching on 800,000 claims a year that we're paying. Our outcomes, we can prove, are better. And when we get in front of any customer on that, they see the advantage that it brings to their business.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And let me go back to Doug's comment. This is Pat. When you think about the fact that we will pay out billions and billions of dollars in claims, most of the insurance companies you follow don't pay as many dollars out in claims as we do.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. And then, a final question. How would the wholesale business do in the quarter?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It was outstanding. We had a great quarter. If you think about the second quarter, we had an awful lot of catastrophe property renewals in the second quarter, and those were down substantially. And as we commented in our second quarter results, I think that's appropriate for those accounts because they paid dearly for property cover that has really not had many cat losses. But that, we didn't have a big property renewal quarter in the third quarter. Our MGA and MGU business did extremely well, and our open market broking did extremely well. So organic growth was very strong here in the quarter.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Better than average?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Better than the segment as a whole, Mark.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a couple of different questions. In the U.S. retail business, how's net new -- and yes, I guess, I want to look for -- the market is just a little bit more stagnant, not a lot of rate increase, not a lot of rate decreases. How does that translate into the level of opportunities compared to maybe a year ago?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, given one year difference, I wouldn't say that there's much change there, Adam. But here's the thing, Doug mentioned in his comments, you give us a flat market, up 2, down 2, sideways 3, whatever. And our expertise and our capabilities are what we're selling against the relationship that exists. So 90% of the time we're competing with somebody that's smaller than we are. And 90% of the time, I believe we can prove that we have expertise that exceeds that local broker's capabilities. Now, I think we should win 100% of the time and, unfortunately, we don't. When we do win though, when you step back, you're familiar with the fact that we're very niche-focused in what we do in retail P&C in particular. 85% of the business that we write that's new falls in one of those 33 categories that we think we're stronger than anybody. So expertise is truly selling in the marketplace. It's not just size. We don't win accounts because we're big. We win accounts because we're really good at their business, and that means market share is coming our way.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. As far as RPS again. Good to see it popped up this quarter. Fourth quarter, is it another larger catastrophe warranted renewal season?
Douglas K. Howell: No, not really, Adam.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. It's mainly the second quarter's?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So the second quarter, the largest then?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, it is.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, okay, that's helpful. Doug, as far as, obviously, pretty strong in supplementals and contingents, part of that is fair amount of acquisitions. Can you give us an idea what's the impact on the brokerage margin for that, for increasing supplementals and contingents?
Douglas K. Howell: Supplementals is pretty close to our -- the impact on margins. Supplementals are pretty close to base commissions and fees, so that impact is more in line with the base fees. The contingents, 75% of that hits the bottom line typically on a contingent. The important takeaway on this is it's getting harder and harder. And while we believe that transparency into those 3 components is important for you as analysts and shareholders alike to understand, the lines are getting a little blurred on that. It used to be that contingents went directly to the house 100%. There are situations where contingents, we do share with the field to a certain extent. Supplementals, some get shared with the field, some don't. So -- but when provided all three there, but like I said in my opening remarks, we think it's important to get it. However, if the carrier believes it's best that they would like to make a payment to us in recognition for our services, we'll take it any way we can get it. But the margin on the contingents is better than the other 2.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right. And any visibility into 2015 that -- I know there's a lot of factors that can go into both of those categories. Will the strong growth continue? Or do you think this just represents a pretty good year?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. Adam, we usually typically have better insight in that in our January call than we do here in October. We're still getting to the point. But if the carriers are healthy and they recognize the value of our distribution, we think that supplementals and contingents will remain an important component of our story next year, too. But January is a better time to ask us when we get through a lot of the conversations with the carriers over the next coming months.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right. And then, looking at the Corporate segment. Not surprisingly, interests and banking costs you do a good job at disclosing. Interests and bank costs and acquisition costs are up a fair amount this year compared to last year. Is that mainly related to the brokerage acquisitions?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. The new debt that we put on from the last 2 private placements that we've done compared to last year at this time, but it is the debt funding that we're using to the brokerage deals.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right, right. And the acquisitions costs terminally [ph] the brokerage deals right?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, right. And just so everybody understands what we do with acquisition costs. These are the pre-deal costs where we don't have internal resources to do the deals or it requires onetime nonrecurring expertise. In the past, those were all capitalized as far as the deal price, but under GAAP, you need to expense them. So we track them in separate bucket and we report them here.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And clearly, you did some very large deals this year, so it makes sense that you're going to incur a materially bigger acquisition cost. Is it -- that can be sort of the rule of thumb if you do some bigger deals next year? You can see those more similar to what we saw this year. But if you don't do bigger deals, we could see those come down? Just looking -- what's the way to think about it?
Douglas K. Howell: I think that, that number kind of on a recurring basis. The disadvantage on some of these costs, is internationally, you don't get to deduct them for tax purposes, [indiscernible]. You'll see the reason why there's very little tax benefit associated with those items in the financial statements. Our run rate of maybe $3 million a quarter after tax might be a typical run rate by us still doing nice tuck-in deals in the U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand, that's where it will come from. But I wouldn't say if we -- if there's a large deal that happened some time in 2015, that would probably spike that number up a little bit.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, when we look at the brokerage margin. Clearly, on EBITDAC basis, that's come up nicely. If we look year-to-date on a pretax basis, it's more even. And then fair and out, I mean, again, some of those costs we're talking about, and I know that's how you've always reported it, but those are more related to the Brokerage segment. So it almost seems like the margin, on a year-to-date basis pretax, has really come down, not gone up. Why? Am I off-base? And maybe I am off-base, if that's happened before. And two, I guess, how should we think about that?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I think that because of the large amortization that goes along with our acquisitions, that can influence the pretax margins dramatically, so -- and the brokerage rents are typically -- I hate to say it, we spend very little time on the pretax number because of the amortization. Out of fairness, if you were going to do that, you probably should then put in the after-tax benefits that we're getting from clean energy against that also because those are funding deals, et cetera. So we typically focus on EBITDA. If you really look at it on an EBITDA per share basis this year, there's been -- there was nice 15% growth in the quarter. If you wanted to assign the interest expense to that, we're still well into the double digits of growth. If you took all the interest and you assigned it 100% to the Brokerage segment, we're still above, I think, it's 12% or 13%, maybe 14% growth in that number. So typically, EBITDA per share is the way we look at it, and that pretax is pretty much still a function of how much you allocate to amortizable intangibles, the acquisitions. I think it's a tough metric to track, especially comparatively.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right, that makes sense. And then as far as going to EBITDA, what was operating cash flow for year-to-date compared to year-to-date last year, if you have that? And if whichever [ph] for the quarter?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, as you know, using the GAAP cash flow statement that's provided is very difficult to use because of the changes in the premium accounts that -- the premium levels that we hold for our customers, so that's a tough. But generally, our cash flow tracks very close to EBITDA, and that is about 75%, and that gets you pretty close. I'd have to go through it and look at it. But that's kind of a nice metric to look at. But then, that's assuming you're paying tax on those items. Now, obviously, then you would add in the tax. If you want to put clean energy up in that, that changes the number then you basically can just take EBITDA, not too far off.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So when we see the cash flow statements again, that some of those balances can move back and forth, right?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. The underwrite method on a GAAP basis for a broker is a very difficult thing to use.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, yes, okay. And then as we think about cash usage for next year. Again, cash flow is -- it looks like it should be growing a fair amount. Do you think, as we look at acquisitions in '15, will you have a -- use a higher component of cash compared to '14?
Douglas K. Howell: Absolutely. I think that next year, we have a capacity to do $500 million to $700 million worth of deals and not use any extra debt or stock.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Your brokerage margins were still pretty healthy despite these 70 basis points of headwinds identified in the press release. I'm just wondering what the difference between the 70 basis points and the 50 basis points you're talking about earlier or attributable to, and if they'll be recurring in future third quarters?
Douglas K. Howell: I think your question was, as last quarter, we have provided guidance with respect to or some thoughts on what the seasonality of the larger deals might produce in the fourth -- or in the third quarter. And we got 40 or 50 basis points of compression. They ended up being about 70 basis points, the seasonality ended up being about 70 basis points. Is that the crux of your question?
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Yes.
Douglas K. Howell: The difference is this, is my guess was wrong probably by about 10 to 15 basis points. And on $175 million, I just probably undershot a little bit. The other piece of it is the accounting revenue recognition, when we pulled the historical basis statements, there are some accounts -- or on a historical basis, before we bought them, where they recognize monthly bill in advance, we recognize monthly bill on a monthly basis, so that caused a little bit, about another 10 basis points difference in my guess, but there's nothing substantially different. There's also a mathematical anomaly in the 70 basis points versus 50, but we won't give it on the call here. But it's basically the same number, but I probably undershot a little bit last year. That said, we still grew over the top of it and we even improved 90 basis points. So I probably under-guessed last quarter.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Great, thanks. And I'm wondering if you've thought about what impact, if any, an Ebola pandemic would have on your business and to the P&C industry as a whole?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll comment on that. This is Pat. I think that those -- that our underwriters have some concerns. They're spending some time again at the CIAB just a couple of weeks ago. When you think about just for, one example, workers compensation for hospitals. It's an issue. The good news is that we're brokers. We don't take that risk.
Douglas K. Howell: The other thing too is what's really interesting is that this is where our niche expertise, if you go back to the bird flu a number of years ago, we actually sponsored a lot of forms in our higher-end practice to discuss how the university risk managers came together. We organized that. We discussed what the universities would do in a situation of this. So underlying this in our niche businesses, our niche practice leaders are thinking about this everyday. They're talking to our client. And this is exactly what Pat was saying earlier about when people recognize the capabilities of Gallagher that you get with this. You're not going to have a smaller broker that's convening, that has the risk management departments from 60 different universities around the country having this kind of dialogue about how they protect their students and their faculty. So your question actually is exactly the difference between using our capabilities versus a smaller guy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So in looking at the U.S. market, I follow the U.S. stocks, I tend to understand it pretty well. In thinking about the U.K. SME market. Where is Gallagher positioned now? Where is Gallagher positioned in 5 years? Is this is a market that's a de-fragmenting market the same way the U.S. market is? And what's the scalability and outlook for Gallagher's U.K. business overall?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I couldn't be more excited about it. And to your point, yes. The lion's share of the business that we have across the U.K., we have 70 offices across the U.K. now, is SME business. And it gives us tremendous opportunities. By the way, we're very good at that business and we really like that business, and we know how to make a lot of money at it, whether it's by breaking it down into affinity plays or whether it's just simply handling it in a very efficient manner. We're very good at that business. So what we're going to see, I think is assimilation of the 2, actually 3 firms, Heath, Oval and Giles, which will take us the better part of another year or so to get everybody grounded in the same spot. We'll then be able to look at that SME business and see how a firm that's got that much of it should handle it. And as I said, we're very good at it right now, so we know how to improve the handling and structure of that business. And then, we're going to focus very heavily on growing it. And we're going to grow it about 2 different ways. One is we're going to be out in the street marketing every single day, telling people whether they're large or small, that we ought to be handle their brokerage. And secondly, we're going to buy firms that have good, solid SME business and fold them into our platform. So we're good at that in the United States. We're very good at that in Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. and Canada. And we see great opportunities to grow small and personal lines business globally.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So how does the market share stack up, the level of fragmentation, compared to the U.S. marketplace in that line of business?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll give you an example. So in Australia now, I think we're probably the fourth largest player in Australia. We don't have a 10% market share. We think our market share is something like 5% to 7%. In the U.K., we're probably the third largest player in that market, and we probably don't have a 25% market share. So the ability to do that business better than your smaller competitors who are handling it in a more traditional manner, gives you great opportunities to expand market share and to build efficiencies in the system.
Douglas K. Howell: With that volume to it, it also allows us to build a better product, so that will differentiate us at the [indiscernible] also.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Josh, let's put this in perspective. I'll be giving a presentation at SNL's, the conference next week in New York. If you go to the Insurance Information Institute, Robert Hartwig's operation, the estimation is that there's something like $4 trillion of premium. That's all life, health, property/casualty, personalized, commercial, globally. We don't touch $50 billion of premium as an organization. We're third or fourth largest in the world and we don't touch, literally, 10%, not 2% market share. So what's our opportunity to expand? It's limitless.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So then taking that together, do you think that the growth rate of Gallagher's business organically or even inorganically in the U.K. is better, equal to, or less than what it is in the United States?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think it will be about the same, frankly. I mean, we're very active. United States has a leg up in the fact that since 1986, we've probably done 400 acquisitions and those people, for the most part, are still with us. And so our acquisition pipeline and our acquisition opportunities in the United States, where we believe there's something on the order of 30,000 brokers, most of them run by baby boomers, is probably a little greater than what we've got in terms of experience, spread and headcount in the U.K. So I would say probably, we've got better opportunities to grow in the U.S. through the acquisition process. But if you look at the flipside of that, is we're not as big in the U.K. So as a percentage basis, we should be able to continue to keep it going. I just look at this whole thing and say, go back to the United States comment. If there are 30,000 agents and brokers in the U.S., and there are people that estimate there's 18,000, some estimate 30,000, I don't know what the right number is. To be number 100 on Business Insurance's list this past summer, you did $22 million in total revenue. So there's something like 17,900 agents and brokers in America that are smaller than $22 million? I think we got lots of room to expand.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, and look how we've done 42 acquisitions year-to-date. We've done -- in the quarter, we did 18 smaller tuck-ins for $60 million of revenue, $3.5 million. Those are terrific shops. They've got great, great sales leadership in those operations. And by joining us, they get our capabilities, get access to our niches, get access to our technology, get access to our industry and functional experts in it. It's a great combination. if you're a guy that's running a $4 million shop in Peoria, Illinois, and you can get all the global resources that Gallagher has, that's a nice merger and that's a win-win for us both.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Josh, you raised a good point, because I think this is important. We don't talk about it much. Every time we get on these calls, everybody wants to focus on one number, that's organic, organic, organic. We're up 45% this quarter because we did a lot of great acquisitions with people who are staying with us. That's not easy. You can get 10 to 15 proposals to sell a $10 million business. We're fighting everyday, that's real growth, that's real growth. And when Doug says we did 18 tuck-in acquisitions in the quarter, we didn't have one closing that went awry, we didn't have one time a check didn't show up, we didn't have one group of people that didn't get set up on Oracle, we didn't have anybody whose results we weren't able to consolidate in the quarter. The backroom capabilities that we bring to this should not be underestimated. This isn't an easy thing for people to do. I'm incredibly proud of our acquisition engine that we've built here at Gallagher.
Operator: Our last question is coming from the line of Dan Farrell with Sterne Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: You've mentioned your increasing efforts to try and get better compensation for what you do and not really -- and being indifferent if it's in standard commissions or contingents, et cetera. I was wondering if you could expand on that a little bit more and talk about what you're doing today that's different. And then also, are things like your global scale now and global platform and also systems and technology helping you do things that you maybe couldn't have done before in that area?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great question, Dan. And the answer to that is yes, there's all kinds of capabilities that are coming from 2 things. One is size and scale. We're recognized now clearly by our larger trading partners as very large global players. And so it's kind of funny, I mentioned the CIAB conference. I've been going for 28 years. 28 years ago, if we asked for meetings with the larger trading partners, we didn't get them. They didn't have the time for us. Today, with over 21 meetings scheduled, we had to turn away probably 20 opportunities to have additional meetings. We just didn't have room on our dance card. Secondly, the information and our capability of using SharePoint and data warehouses are just making us stronger and stronger in terms of knowing our book of business and looking at that book of business in different ways, and doing things that are beneficial to our clients. So for instance, based on the information that we've got, we've been able to create a better umbrella program for middle market clients. And we've basically said to a small handful of companies, if you'll write a stronger form for our clients, we think what we can do is then point you in the direction of the place in our network were those clients are, and you'll have a better opportunity to write them because you give a better coverage product to our clients. Those are things we couldn't have done even 5 years ago. So scale, information, those are all playing to our benefit. And the fact that we are where we are globally is creating a lot of excitement by our insurance company partners.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then just a question on the small M&A activity in the quarter. What was the average multiple paid for those 18 deals? And then also, how would the average margin for all of those compare with your overall brokerage margins?
Douglas K. Howell: 2 answers to that. And I'll give it to you for the 9 months and the 42 deals is that the simple average of the multiple is 5.81%. The weighted average multiple is 6.81%. We're not seeing a substantial number that -- the multiple difference isn't substantially different. The margin on it for the deals that we did is 30.4% on the ones that we did this quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Robert, any other questions?
Operator: There are no other questions, Mr. Gallagher. I'll turn it back to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. I'll just make a very brief closing comment. What can I say about a quarter that has adjusted revenues up 38%, all-in organic growth of 7.1%, adjusted EBITDAC up 43%, adjusted margins up 80 basis points and EPS up 15%. A terrific quarter, our team knocked the ball out of the park. And I just want to thank all of you for being with us this morning. Thank you for your questions. Our team is turned on, we're helping clients, we're bringing in new accounts everyday. And quite frankly, it's fun to be us right now. Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas Howell – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sean Dargan – Macquarie Research Adam Klauber – William Blair Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital  Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  John Campbell – Stephens Inc. Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee  Meyer Shields – KBW  Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets  Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs  
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Christine. Good morning, everyone and thank you very much for joining us this morning. This morning I'm joined as normal with by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as the heads of our operating divisions. I’ll make some comments on the quarter, add some perspective to our press release, discuss our mergers and acquisitions, discuss the rate environment, and give my thoughts on how I feel about future, then I will turn it over to Doug to make some comments and we’ll go to questions and answers.  I just have to tell you, I could not be more pleased with our second quarter that I am, this is unbelievable. What our team accomplished is just outstanding. On April 1, we announced our acquisition of Oval in the United Kingdom.  In April, we entered into an agreement to acquire Crombie Lockwood in Australia, New Zealand and we closed it June. We issued a secondary offering and raised just short of $1 billion in April and we did a $700 million debt offering in June and with all that going on, we completed 17 total mergers including the ones I just mentioned for almost $500 million in annualized revenue. We grew our adjusted brokerage revenue 34%, we grew adjusted brokerage EBITDAC at 43%, expanded our brokerage margin of 190 basis points through our Risk Management revenues of 8% and grew Risk Management EBITDAC 9%.  Our organic growth in the quarter all in our operating units was 4.4%. Brokerage base commissions and fees were up 3.1%. Our brokerage supplemental commissions were up organically 9.1%. Our brokerage contingence commissions organically were up 9.7% and our Risk Management organic growth was 7.6%. By all measures, a terrific quarter. I just could not be prouder of our team.  Let me discuss mergers and acquisitions. 17 mergers completed in the quarter is incredible work by our team. Remember, in order to get 17 mergers done in a quarter, we have to show these successful entrepreneurs why they’ll be more successful after the deal is done with Gallagher than either going it alone or with another strategic partner.  As competition for these firms and they chose Gallagher. I say this every quarter, welcome to our new partners and thank you for choosing Arthur J Gallagher & Company, welcome to our growing Gallagher family.  We’ve been a very active acquirer for 28 years. We’ve built our company by finding compatible firms and proving that one plus one can equal three, four, or even five. What we have accomplished in the last couple of years has truly transformed our company. Consider this, we bought Heath to get it started in the UK retail. This led to Giles, Oval and other bolt-on acquisitions making us one of the top brokerage firms with over 70 offices throughout the UK.  We became the largest broker in New Zealand. We joined the top five in Australia. We joined the top five in Canada. We continued our merger and acquisition strategy in the US maintaining our spot at number three. And let me say this about the firms that we have acquired.  There are middle-market, niche focused, producer-centric insurance brokerages right in our sweet spot. And I’ll tell you, once they join our company, they are like kids in a candy store when they get access to the resources and capabilities that Gallagher brings to them.  We have built a truly global platform with all of our people committed to responding to our clients and prospects needs utilizing our top talent wherever it resides around the world without any barriers.  Our integration work streams are all on track, we are winning new accounts, serving our existing client base and we continue building out our world-class company. And the thing that’s incredible is that our pipeline for acquisitions remains very, very strong.  Let me move to the property casualty rate environment. We did a mid-year survey of our property casualty renewals and you’ll read in that release that it shows about a third are getting increases about a third are flat in terms of rates and about a third are getting decreases. So let me peel that back a bit.  First recognize it’s really tail two markets, property and casualty. So I’ll talk about property first. 20% of our clients in the property arena are renewing up. But these are single-digit type increases. 25% are seeing no change in rate, 40% are renewing down, but single-digit type decreases and that about 20% are renewing down with decreases greater than 10%. And frankly this is not unreasonable given the fact that we’ve had no real major catastrophes in the last few years.  As for domestic casualty lines, we are seeing what I consider to be rational account and coverage underwriting, 40% of those clients are renewing up, but these are single-digit type increases. 30% are showing no change in rate, 30% are renewing down, but again, single-digit type increases and very, very few casualty renewals are getting decreases greater than 10%.  Beneath that, we are seeing workers comp, commercial auto, and professional lines more moving on the upside, general liability an umbrella of more flattish to slightly down. Internationally, as for the UK, we are seeing a similar property rate pressures in the US and casualty lines are flat to slightly down.  However it’s important to note that there really wasn’t much of a firming market over the last several years in the UK, so we believe underwriters are beginning to take on a more disciplined underwriting approach and are asking for some inflation level rate increases. In Canada, a similar story, the property rates are not as challenged as the US because of a couple of large weather events in the last year.  In Australia and New Zealand, property is up single-digits, casualty is flat slightly down and carriers are not really showing any inclination for price increases. Remember this is important.  Over the last three to four years, our results have been influenced by rate and exposure growth by less than 1%. Our professionals help our clients mitigate costs and they are very, very good at it. We do not need rate increases to grow this company.  Give us a flat rate environment and AJG will sell a lot more business than we lose. We are a sales machine. Everyone at Gallagher understands, nothing happens till somebody rings the cash register. I believe today’s environment shows continuing discipline on the part of our insurance carriers.  All of our major trading partners have been telling us for years they want to account by account underwrite. In other words what they are saying is, if the account deserves a rate cut, give it to them. But if it needs an increase, get it. And we are seeing that discipline continue in the market. I do not feel any lessening of that discipline. I realize there is rate pressure on lines that have produced significant returns to carriers and frankly that’s only fair to our clients. So, I believe this is anything but a soft market. In fact, it’s a great environment for us to grow the business going forward. Let me talk a little bit about our benefits business. Our employee benefit brokerage business continues to pose some of our best organic growth and margins and also has a robust pipeline for acquisitions. And we are right in the middle of one of the most complex and constantly changing challenges basing American businesses which is the new Healthcare Act.  This presents us with new opportunities to demonstrate our capabilities to existing clients and prospects. It’s also important to note that medical insurance is just one portion of what we provide to our customers. We offer solutions to the full spectrum of problems around controlling benefits cost, retaining expedite and productive workforce and offering a range of retirement alternatives.  This is – it’s just a terrific business for us. Let me move to our property casualty wholesale operation which we brand as Risk Placement Services, as a domestic wholesaler RPS has impacted significantly in the quarter by the rate environment. However, we continue to grow our business nicely and the programs in the MGA arena. Our underwriting expertise continues to deliver solid revenue growth and contingent increases.  And finally, I want to talk about our Risk Management business which is Gallagher Bassett. We see excellent growth opportunities around the globe. In the US, we continue to enhance our base workers compensation product with unmatched loss control analytics.  In the UK, we have tailored our systems and processes allowing us to move from a strong position with governmental customers to commercial customers and in Australia our development of new IT solutions has positioned us to increase our market share with governmental work care covered programs.  So, by and large, a terrific quarter. Operations are getting stronger every quarter and I want to talk just a little bit about the future. I think that we are positioned for a terrific close to 2015 barring any change in the economic environment or the rate environment. We should have a solid end of this year and I think we are well set up for 2015. Doug? 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. It's really nice to report a solid quarter and a solid first half for that matter. We'll start on the first page with the Brokerage segment. Our top-line $0.66 per share was aided nicely by the addition of Crombie/OAMPS which we closed on June 16. You read at the top of Page 4 that it added about $0.06 to EPS and now that they earn about 60% of their second quarter earnings in the latter half of June.  So that was great work by the team to get closed fast enough to nearly overcome the seven-tenth of dilution that arose in the 60 days between the secondary stock offering in April and the close on June 16. That’s really good work to the team.  Moving down, you’ll see the integration line which is in line with our forecast, and you heard Pat say that our efforts are going very well.  Staying with brokerage, but turning to Page 2, to the organic revenue table at the bottom. First, while we continue to believe that transparency into the components of brokerage revenues that’s base supplemental and contingent is that we believe that’s important and useful, please remember that our mission is to work hard on growing all three.  We encourage our team to get appropriate compensation for our services and not to worry at all about where it gets classified on our financial statement. Second, underneath the organic numbers, our global retail operations grew nearly 4%, yet our global wholesale operations were about flat. Within retail benefits were a touch better than the P&C business and within wholesale, those operations in particular felt pressure from the property market as Pat said.  Property renewals are seasonally skewed somewhat to the second quarter, so we don’t see much – such a level of headwinds coming into the third and fourth quarter related to property. Third, let me add a bit more to Pat’s statement that historically, the firming rate environment wasn’t contributing much organic, basically less than 1% of our organic growth.  You’ll read on the first page of their earnings release that the property rates negatively impacted commissions, but casually rates had a positive impact. Numerically, property pulled down our overall organic by about 80 to 90 basis points and casualty helped our organic by about 20 to 40 basis points.  So you can see the headwind there on the property side.  Let’s move to the brokerage comp operating and adjusted EBITDAC margin tables on Page 3. You’ll see that we have added in the footnote to each table the impact of the four larger mergers we completed since last year second quarter.  The punch line is that those four deals in aggregate bolstered our margins by about a 140 basis points and we got another 50 basis points of margin expansion from the balance of our operation. We think that’s terrific in this environment.  Now, looking over the next couple of quarters, please note that the four larger deals and now with the Canadian operation closing on July 2 in aggregate our seasonally smaller in the third quarter and will actually produce a drag on overall margin of about 40 basis points. That flipped in the fourth quarter and that will actually bolster overall margins by a point to a point and a half.  Moving to the brokerage segment non-cash line items for the remainder of 2014. For amortization assume about $48 million of expense per quarter. And for acquisition earn out amortization, assume about $4 million of expense per quarter and depreciation were around about $14 million of expense per quarter.  Then as we do move on M&A, for every dollar we spend, you’ll need the increased amortization about 1% of the purchase price per quarter now get to pretty close.  All right, let me shift now to the Risk Management segment on Page 4. Across the board, a great quarter. Revenues up 8%, margins nicely above our 16% target. They are doing well integrating the carrier book and we are still making a lot of client-centric investments at the same time.  Looking towards the third and fourth quarter, please note that we’ll give back a little of that margin, because as we have said before, we are holding ourselves to a 16% margin target for the year. After non-cash items, the Risk Management segment and I just assume about $7 million a quarter for depreciation and about $1 million a quarter of amortization.  Let me shift to Page 5 to the corporate segment. In aggregate, right in line with the mid-point of the range we gave last quarter. However, when you look at the separate lines, you will see that there was a strong quarter from our clean energy investments that cover the additional M&A costs that we spent to close the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canadian operations.  Looking forward, as you know when modeling the corporate segment, we encourage you to use the shortcut table format we provided on Page 14 of our investment supplement. Not a lot of movement since the first quarter and in terms of our guidance looking out for the next few quarters. But as I say, when it comes to clean energy, earnings for the year can be difficult to predict, so it does have a wide range. Please make sure you consider that when you are doing your model.  Finally, some comments on capital management, with our secondary in April, and in the debt raise in June behind us, as we look out towards the end of 2015, we would like to have our net-debt-to-EBITDAC ratio back down into the low 2X position.  That said, our free cash flows, the dribble out shelf we have, our line credits and the ability to use stock in tuck-in acquisitions, we’re still well positioned to continue our smaller tuck-in M&A program for the rest of this year and well into next year.  And as you’ve heard Pat say our pipeline is full. So we won’t have any problem keeping busy. So, when I step back and take a look at it from the CFO’s chair, we are doing really well, organically, carriers are actually pricing on account and line of cover basis. The economy is moving forward.  We are working hard on integrating the larger M&A operations and having success there. We are still closing a lot of smaller tuck-in acquisitions and we have an exciting – we have a lot of exciting operational improvement and productivity initiatives going on. And our culture is variety. So let me simply put, I think the team is delivering on all fronts.  Back to you, Pat
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. As Doug said, I think we are hitting on all cylinders. And with that Christine, we’ll go to questions and answers. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Research:   Yes, thanks. Doug, I guess, first thanks for breaking out the impact of raising equity early in the quarter and not really layering in the earnings till the end. I am just wondering what your thought process was around pulling the trigger at that point on the equity raise versus really. 
Douglas Howell: Simply that, we are committed to do that with Wesfarmers on the deal since we committed to do an all-cash deal with them and frankly we just didn’t want to get caught between the boat and the dock having a large equity raise sitting out there for 60 days waiting to get done.  So we sat down with our advisors and they thought it was a good time to go. It wasn’t a bad time in the market given the financial sector that weak, but I was really happy to get it done and get it behind us. 
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Research: Great, thanks and what’s your view on using the market option that you have available to you and what factors into using that to I guess, fund further acquisitions?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all as we mentioned, it’s not very much, it’s only – what we have left down is a $196 million on it. So it’s not like it’s that bigger, but of a shelf sitting there. Typically, if we have in the international deal that’s a little bit more difficult to use our stocking acquisitions if we choose to do that.  So we’d probably use the dribble out if it comes up in order to do smaller tuck-in international deals or they aren’t necessarily positioned well to take our stock in the deal. But it’s there, just as a liquidity measure.  
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Research: Thank you, very much. 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Sean.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Sean. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. Please proceed with your question. 
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Thanks, good morning guys. Good quarter. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam. It was a great quarter, Adam. 
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Sorry, Pat. Couple different questions. How is organic outside of the US?
Patrick Gallagher: Internationally, Adam, organic is – last year at this time, we are running at about 10% organic if you go back and listen to it. But it’s basically running about the same as our domestic operations right now. And if we are going to look for any particular soft spot in international, I would say that then a very small affinity programs we had kind of a game buster quarter last year on it, that didn’t produces quite as much as we reach with some products there. But by and large, we are having some nice large account wins there, but if I were going to try to break it apart, that’s where it would be. 
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Okay, okay. And then – and you mentioned, RPS clearly does a lot of property CAT, does that have an impact on organic coming down this year compared to last year. 
Patrick Gallagher: Oh, yes. That’s why I made it – in my prepared remarks, that’s why I mentioned it. I mean, our biggest quarter for property placements is the second quarter and property is one of our largest lines in the quarter and it was impacted by probably over 10% reductions. 
Douglas Howell:  Yes, that’s the one thing caught it just a little bit flat, but if I were going to back and look at our expectations, just a slide in the property market and how it impacted to be – to pull our overall down 80 to 90 basis points of organic. I guess, that’s looking on the bright side of it casually rates still being up mitigated some of that overall. But that’s the one that, I’d probably wouldn’t have been able to predict that six month. 
Patrick Gallagher: To put this in perspective, Adam, we are the largest placer or excess and surplus property risks in the State of Florida. 
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Right, yes, and I know RPS is one of the biggest property acquirers out there and they are very – extremely good. 
Patrick Gallagher: And by the way, this is completely appropriate for our clients. There is no – about this. They deserve a decrease. They paid up big time after the last catastrophe and this is what the market should do.
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Yes, I know, again, it’s normal up and down. What was – what kind of in your access in Wesfarmers, clearly they’ll not include in organic, but how are those organizations doing on an organic basis? 
Douglas Howell: New Zealand doing terrific, Australia, hanging in there kind of flattish from what I can tell, the measurements are little different because as we pull those companies out of where they were before, and Canada is on fire. We think that there is good results up in Canada. 
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Great. Great and one more question on Wesfarmers, Wesfarmers – particularly I mean, both good sized organizations out of the US. How are you changing your management structure? How you are staying on top of those organizations?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, I mean, first of all, Adam, at the detailed level of integration process management that we have is, it’s really unbelievable. It’s like being in a construction truck on a job site. We know every single item that is supposed to occur every single month whether it be a lease renewal or whether it be some account that should be transferred from a different London brokerage into our London operation.  And those work streams are laid out way in advance. These organizations remember, they are very similar to what we’ve been building here in the United States. We got terrific leadership that has been doing acquisitions of bolt-on acquisitions over the last decade. So I said in my prepared remarks, these are niche focused, producer-centric organizations that look and feel just like us.  And they fold into our organization nicely. I mean, in terms of how we manage them, they report into our structure through our international business, but it’s headed by my brother Tom Gallagher and by our CEO in the UK, David Ross and we fold them and move on just like we’ve done for the last 30 years. 
Douglas Howell: Adam, deals on the back-office side, as you know that there is strong reporting as we manage that, and so what I’d say that the non-production layer, they are strong reporting response lines between the CFOs and me the IT folks and Eric Dean our Global IT leader.  So when you look at it, there is the production side of leadership and then there are local management leadership. They are responsible for everything. But with reporting in every reports into their kind of functional leader also. So, just illustratively, for the first 60 days, I had a call almost every day with a CFO of Australia, highly confident for those that might have met her on the secondary road show. Just a terrific, terrific CFO there illustratively. 
Adam Klauber – William Blair: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thanks. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Adam. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital :  Hi, good morning.
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Sarah. 
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital : On the three big deals that you’ve done this year, could you give us an update on how the integration is going? Are you on track to achieve the synergies and could there be any upside there? 
Douglas Howell: Well, let me hit that. The integration side of it now uses an illustration Bollinger. When we bought Bollinger less than a year ago, they are up completely on our agency management systems. We’ve all of their centralized payables have been moved into our operations already.  All the carrier payables have been moved into our central core. We’ve got a ton of their real estate consolidated. The teams are working together and the last thing that really needs to go up is just the phone system to go up on our Voice-Over-IP system.  It’s pretty well up, but we’ve got some tweaking to do on it. Clearly, none of these things happen without a lot of hard work. I just want to make –maybe with this opportunity to talk, we understand that we’ve got professionals around the globe that are – their sole job is to integrate acquisitions.  They’ve got the integration experience. They are assigned full time to the process. And also, together our company that has done so many acquisitions, almost all of our systems are built. That’s not only systems but also processes are built to plug in new partners and new organizations into our system. So it’s not like we have – I’m going to use this is word closed architecture that isn’t receptive at all for new partners.  So that is – basically you can plug and play the new operation. So that’s going – Bollinger illustratively is going very well. Similar stories with Giles and Oval in the UK. But remember in Canada and Australia too, we are basically using their system. We don’t have overlap to it, really any degree in New Zealand, Australia and Canada. So, we are basically going to be using their systems. So there is not a lot of integration that goes along with it. So… 
Patrick Gallagher: Let me take the ball and a little bit, Sarah, on the different angle. What I look at is selling and holding on to clients. Right, so what I am really pleased about is with Noraxes is an example. We have already got people and resources from the US in areas like mining and natural resources, working together with our new offices in places Nova Scotia, working on clients.  That is exciting. We are already writing new business throughout Australia on areas that in places that we didn’t have an opportunity before, but with our capabilities now, our people are out calling on clients, saying, hey, this is a whole new world and that’s what is the bell weather to me. Are we holding on to clients? Are we selling more new business? And if that’s the case, that generates excitement and in all three cases, the UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, very, very good energy. 
Douglas Howell: And then, financially, there is nothing that makes me think that we won’t see our expectations be realized on these financially. So, I think they are delivering to our early measures, there is still lots of synergies and frankly, as we start working more and more with them, we see tremendous opportunities.  If you look in the press release to the operating expense table, actually, there we put a footnote in there, the fact that these larger deals run kind of higher operating expenses than what we do.  That’s a great opportunity for us to go in there. It doesn’t really impact the people are doing the business we’ll just be able to procure goods and services, will be able to use our offshore centers of excellence better, will be able to our volumes purchasing, health. So, I feel that is a great opportunity to realize our synergies. 
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital : Great, that’s a great answer. And then, secondly on the insurance brokerage organic growth, I know you said that prices were flat, you still grow organically. But if we were to look out a year and prices are down mid single-digits, is that still an environment where you think you can grow organically and expand margins? 
Patrick Gallagher: Absolutely, again, in my prepared remarks and in Doug’s remarks, we mentioned the fact that even with rate increases in some instances up 5%, 6% over the last three years. The impact on our results has been less than 1%. So our people do a good job of helping our clients renew coverages at cost that are less than what’s been requested, that’s by change in deductibles, changing structure, et cetera. So, if the market is flattish to down single-digits, we’ll do great. 
Douglas Howell: Remember, some of our clients they are still not buying to our recommended level of exposure cover. I mean, there is lot of on that during the great recession opt to not have covers that they are going to take the risk on. We still see lots of opportunity for our clients to.  If there is a slight rate decrease, we will pick up that plus reduce the deductible of that that will increase the top end, Maybe you think about buying another line or two that you opted out.  So that’s what our guys are doing there. Every day they say, is your insurance program matching to your risk appetite and then decreasing prices that people tend to buy a little bit more insurance which kind of knocks the downside off of that a little bit. So, we see good opportunity for it in this up two, down two, up three, up down three type environment. 
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital : Okay, great. Thanks for the answers. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Sarah. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your question. 
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Thank you. Hey, Pat that was a fabulous quarter. Congratulations. 
Patrick Gallagher: Hey, Mark. Good start. 
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : The – would it be possible to share the – just rough percentages of property, the revenue from property in 2Q versus what you would see on a full year basis, so we get a better sense of that seasonality? 
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think that property, if I look at it and our brokerage business, let me give my sheet here that – let’s stick with wholesaling that in the second quarter wholesaling really 60% of their property placements come in as a percentage of the revenue come in the second quarter and you are down into like the 30% or 40% range in terms of their mix.  And when you look at overall, and you are seeing kind of 30% to 35% as a mix of business in the second quarter but the rest of the year property comprises maybe 20%. So there is a – depending on which business, but overall for us, the mix of business is, maybe 30% of our business in the second quarter and then 20% for the remainder – for the other quarters during the year. 
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : And then, revenue seasonality within the acquired businesses are – I’ll ask that question then I’ll also ask under the circumstances, any just general commentary about the 3Q EPS if you did roughly $0.80 this quarter.  How should we think about the Q3, you’ve given us some ideas on the margins and that’s appreciated, but just given the magnitude of the movement in the business this quarter. How should we think about the Q3 relative to the number that you just put up? 
Douglas Howell: Well, we’ve always shyed away from providing any EPS discussion with respect to our Brokerage and Risk Management segments. So, I hate to say a few markets, I’d rather not do that. In terms of how we see seasonality, with respect to the bigger deals, like I said in my comments, we see maybe a 40 basis point drag on margins in the third quarter because of the lower seasonality of the big – four actually the five acquisitions that will be in our numbers in the third quarter this year.  And then in the fourth quarter, we see that to be a point to a point and a half up and then when you get out to next first quarter, they have an impact of greater than 150 basis points margin expansion. So, I’d rather not comment on EPS. But there is seasonality in those larger deals and I think if you run it through your models, I think you’ll get to a pretty close answer. 
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Okay, thank you. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mark. 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Mark. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Campbell with Stephens. Please proceed with your question. 
John Campbell – Stephens Inc.: Hey, Pat and Doug. Good morning. 
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, John.
John Campbell – Stephens Inc.: Great quarter.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you.
John Campbell – Stephens Inc.: So, good Risk Management results, I’d say particularly on the margin line. So, just first, what’s driving that near 17% EBITDAC margin? And then Doug, I know, you guys said, you are still targeting the 16% for the year, which does imply little bit of dating over the back half of the year. So just still assign on some of them that’s opportunity in risk and then maybe just assuming greater scale and maybe even tapering investments which you guys see as peak margins longer-term?
Douglas Howell: Well, then I think that business longer-term we like 16 to 17 points of margin in the near term. All right, so we think this is kind of a – we are at kind of full margin on that business. Again to expand margin on that business, you really need at least 5% to 6% organic growth to expand. It’s not quite as leveraged as it is on the brokerage side.  Or we say, you need 3% or more in order to expand margins. So, for us, the back half of the year purely it’s the amount of investments we want to make in modernizing our product offering, enhancing our quality, improving our productivity and then adding product lines to – services to our customers.  So, the reason why we – we are above 16 points of margins and the team held off a little bit in making those investments until we see the organic showing up and it did at 7.6%. So, the rest of the year, we’d like them to give back into continuing to make some product enhancements.  Getting ready to rollout of new analytics worked in here over the next – the version three of that, here in the third quarter. But this is just product enhancement, product improvement, client service enhancement and so. And we see ourselves in that mode into 2014 and 2015. A little too early to talk about 2016, but that’s where we see ourselves. 
Patrick Gallagher: And John, let me comment. These are world-class margins in that business and the – there is heavy investments in IT and in people. When you bring on a client, a large commercial client or a large insurance company, you better have the people at the desk as the claims are coming, trust me. 
John Campbell – Stephens Inc.: Got it, got it. Thanks for that color guys. And then just on a housekeeping item. It looks like that international quarter – the flow through is driving up, the brokerage tax rate down and I might have missed this from earlier from you Doug, but just curious about how to think about that brokerage tax rate going forward? I assume the annualized impact from the recent international deals? 
Douglas Howell: John you roll on the lower tax jurisdictions of Canada, get the full impact of the UK with Oval and a lower tax rate again with Australia, you could see that move another point lower in the near term. 
John Campbell – Stephens Inc.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Dan Farrell with Sterne, Agee. Please proceed with your question.  
Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee : Hi and good morning. 
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee : There is going to lot of focus on the large deals, but while you’ve done these, you’ve also been very active in the smaller transactions. And I was wondering if you could just talk about the current environment and pricing that you are seeing on those smaller deals? 
Patrick Gallagher: Let me talk about the environment and then I’ll let Doug talk about the pricing. The environment for doing acquisitions just continues to be incredibly strong. And what we see globally is there are literally thousands and thousands of smaller agents and brokers around the world.  Most of these agencies and brokerages are run by baby boomers. It’s clearly their largest asset and at some point in time, they’ve got to monetize our life’s work. And so, the pipeline just regenerates itself literally month-after-month with people that are considering and some of these things take years to get done.  I mean, some will move in a couple months but others will be sort of kicking the tires, looking at whether they want to do it, discussing that with it for literally years. And we just are constantly going through the process of looking for number one, people that know how to run a good business.  We constantly say, if you don’t make money for yourself and your family you won’t make money for us. But if you run a good business, if you are really good at clients and have a culture that fits – another thing people say is, how can you put on 17 acquisitions in a quarter and change their cultures?  We don’t. If the culture doesn’t fit us, 99% of our due diligence, once we get over the fact that they make money is all about whether the culture match is going to be right. And once we get that set, it’s we can literally show how one plus one can equal a lot more than two.  And so, it’s a – I think it’s an interesting business situation right now on a global basis. Our opportunities are literally, I mean, just every single month the list just gets longer and longer people who are talking to. And I’ll let Doug talk about the pricing. 
Douglas Howell: Dan, I think that, a good question, we did 14 deals in the quarter for $55 million of revenue that’s back up for about $4 million of revenue per shop. Just terrific sales folks have joined us. We are paying about 7X for that in terms of the pricing. So I see that moving higher not on the smaller deals, I think that’s a pretty fair price for what we are paying right now.  Over a longer time, we’ve kind of always been in the 6 to 7 times EBITDA range. So we see that holding in there. Some of the larger platforms, if they are large geographical folks may won’t pay a little bit more on that, but right in line with what our expectation, nice asset deals where we get amortized the purchase price that brings our tax rate down on those.  So I don’t see a much of a different environment. And I look at the deal sheet, there is hundreds and hundreds of those folks on there. So I see lots of opportunity continue to do that. And the teams are working on it every day. 
Dan Farrell – Sterne, Agee : Okay thank you very much.  
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Dan.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Dan. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please proceed with your question. 
Meyer Shields – KBW : Okay, thanks. Good morning guys. 
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning.
Meyer Shields – KBW : When you talk – you talked in the past about how 3% organic growth is generally enough to produce margin expansion. Is that the bright sort of threshold for the international deals as well?
Douglas Howell: Great question. I think so. I think that in the – most of the environments in which we are operating there, if you take our perhaps Toronto and Sydney and the operating areas I think have enough low-cost environment and I think growth of 3% or more so is a margin expansion opportunity.  That said, please realize that New Zealand runs terrific margins, Canada already runs terrific margins. Australia, there is opportunity there. That’s where we see the opportunity to grow margin there. And then, most of the places that we see margin opportunity is because of having more volume, so more premiums that we’re writing that we can negotiate better compensation arrangement.  And then also on the operating side, I think there is opportunities in real estate consumables, co-sharing of IT systems et cetera. So, that’s really where we see the margin opportunities in the operating expense line more than in the compensation line. 
Meyer Shields – KBW : Okay fantastic. When you look at the major deals you have done over the last year or year and a bit, are you keeping all of the people that you want? 
Patrick Gallagher: Absolutely. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, we’ve really had good retention there. 
Patrick Gallagher: I have to tell you, Meyer, when we’ve been able to buy people from a private equity concern, five years ago I would have said, we didn't really want to do that. I was wrong. When they get a board – a brokerage run by brokers, they like it.
Meyer Shields – KBW : Okay fantastic. Good to hear it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Good morning. 
Patrick Gallagher: Good morning Kai.
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Just for the underlying margin expansion for the quarter, Doug, you said about a 40 basis points? 
Douglas Howell: 50 basis points from the – 190 in total, 50 that came from the underlying business, 140 from the four big deals. 
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Okay so it just sounds that 50 – that sort of 50 basis points underlying margin expansion, given that you sort of that was pretty offset by only like 3.4% in organic growth. So, I just wonder, if you maintain 3%, 4% organic growth, do we expect to see 50 basis margin expansion going forward?
Douglas Howell: Maybe, but I think that what field some of our margin expansion this quarter were the increased contingence in the supplemental that have a little bit better impact to the bottom-line. But the big question is, what’s happening with inflation? So, I am not dodging the question. I just don’t know. Right now, wage inflation seems to be under control.  We start productivity, opportunities that we can use productivity less the paper raises that our folks deserve. We saw our opportunities on real estate and consumables, IT systems are getting – there is more demand for IT systems. So, I can’t guarantee if it’s not above 3% that we are going to have margin expansion. 
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Then on the acquisition front, you did like four big deals in very short amount of time. Is it time to take a pause, step back and to focus on integration and running your core business? Or are you still accounting on the lookout of – remain for the larger deals? And secondly, it looks like you have been planted your flags around all the major English speaking markets. So I just wonder do you have any appetite outside the – in other markets as well?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me answer that, Kai, first of all, yes, it’s time for us to digest and focus on integration. We are doing that every single day. So when I talk in my prepared remarks for work streams, we are on top of what’s going on in every office, 70 offices around the UK, 50 new offices in Australia, New Zealand. A bunch of new offices in Canada. We are looking at that every single day and yes it’s time to digest a bit and we are not looking at any substantial new large deals as we speak.  Having said that, are we open to doing acquisitions? Absolutely, especially, our bolt-on acquisitions around the world, one of the reasons we are excited about what we did in Australia is even with the size that we’ve accomplished in Australia will have less than 5% market share.  Terrific opportunity to do bolt-on acquisitions and we’ll continue to do that in Australia, UK, America and Canada. And those bolt-ons will be, as Doug said, on the smaller side. As it relates to non-English speaking territories, you’ll recall, we took a 21% interest in our Mexican trading partner Grupo CP. We’ve opened a small operation in Chile.  We will continue to invest in Latin America and we look to continue to expand our global footprint. We are a global company. Over 27% of our revenue and 27% of our people are now outside the United States and we see that as a great expansion opportunity. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think the dimension at size-wise here, just that that we are saying, we think it’s really important to put our toe in the water in some of these other countries. We did that in the Caribbean initially with a small deal we did it in Perth, Australia with a small deal that leads the other opportunities.  But plunging into non-English speaking countries in a large way right now is not on our strategic plan. Putting our toe in there with a nice $4 million to $5 million agency there that we can learn the country, learn the business, get some smarts on the ground there. I think that’s a nice step over the next couple of years.  In the US, when we talk about smaller deals, remember, there are some nice $75 million to $100 million transactions or brokers out there that we think might be coming to market. We would definitely take a look at those.  We don’t see $500 million deals out there, $1 billion deals out there that are really percolating around. So when we look at this, you have to think of us not doing something greater than the $100 million in purchase price. But there is a lot of really nice $50 million, $60 million shops out there that are looking to join Gallagher. So we’ll continue to look at those. 
Patrick Gallagher: Remember though, if you take a look at the – this month’s business insurance, if you look at the US top-100 to be number 100 in terms of an agency in the United States you got to be $23 million in revenue. So, couple that with the fact that we believe there is something like 20,000 agencies in America. So that is consistent around the globe as well. 
Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley: Well, thank you so much and good luck. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Kai. We make our luck. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets : Good morning. Thanks for getting me in. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Charles. What’s up?
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets : I wanted to know, just sort of follow-up there on the acquisitions on the benefit side versus the broker side and how you see that queuing up?
Patrick Gallagher: Well, that’s a great question. Thank you for answering that or asking that rather. The benefits business right now, let me speak to first domestically in the United States. The new law, basically in my opinion puts smaller benefits brokers out of business.  We have 26 people at our compliance department here in Itasca is supporting our US business and 20 of them are attorneys. I mean, you think about the compliance issues for anyone with a 100 employees or more and that’s a huge number of employers in the United States.  They cannot contend with this law and their brokers and agents can help them. The simple – and they are figuring that out. So our pipeline, as it relates to smart, consulting and broking firms in the United States that realize they need our capabilities is extensive and we are clicking off literally an acquisition almost per week when it comes to benefits.  And these are great firms with great clients who know that they need the capabilities that we have to be able to serve those clients. Those that are recognizing that will die, they will be done in the next decade and so, what an opportunity for us. Internationally, the opportunity to expand our consulting as it relates to benefits in the UK, in Canada, in Australia, New Zealand, those are territories for us that are just wide open.  And I think we offer a great compliment to people who would consider joining us in those regions. And we have been very successful. We had a very nice acquisition closed in the UK this quarter and we are very excited about that. Those are capabilities that will actually help us in the US. So, it’s a great business for us. It’s our next multi-billion dollar business in my opinion. And we provide a great home for those professionals that want to join us.  
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets : Do those international consultant benefits businesses have a similar margin profile to your current business? Or is it different in anyway? 
Patrick Gallagher: No, it's very similar.
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets : Okay and one of you have any color of – in how the cross-selling has been working between – I would especially in the US as you talked about these 100% firms and getting benefits leading into brokerage or vice versa? Any additional insight on that?
Patrick Gallagher: Another good question, Charles. That’s an area that we focus on intensely and it’s significantly improving quarter-by-quarter. And the opportunity is unbelievable. If you take a look at our property casualty brokerage operation in the US and our benefits operation, about 90% of those businesses are not cross-sold. And where both operations are up on salesforce.com and we are looking at that every single week and the opportunities are huge.  
Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets : I appreciate the answers.  
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Charles.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Charles 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs : Hi, thanks. Just – most of my questions have been answered, but I have one question, just in thinking about M& A, can you talk about how your tax credit fact is into M&A decisions and sort of how scalable those benefits are to the extent that you are able to grow EBITDA through acquisitions? Thanks. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think that the ability to repatriate money from overseas in order to bring it into the US and then not pay the US tax on it. There is opportunity there. We did that with the Canadian deal and we did it with the Australian deal and it brings our multiple down on what we paid by about one turn. So we think there opportunities.  In the US, obviously generating more US taxable income, there is opportunity to use more of our tax credits to do that. We are running up towards $100 million of earnings a year off of that business right now, we think there's still some more opportunities to move that higher.  But, I think after about 2015, 2016, that will kind of be a terminal velocity there. So we see it as an opportunity, but – it’s – we still have done the Australian and Canadian deals without and absolutely. The multiple we paid still was a fair multiple. This was a little bit icing on the cake. We try not to ever do a deal on that, – we’d never do a deal just because we can use more tax credits.  That’s something so you got to get the right deal. But frankly, the ability to grow our US taxable income and use more of our tax credits is an opportunity for us over the next seven years. Remember these programs run out in 2021 and we can produce enough credits maybe to get us to 2023 or 2024. But by and large, it's a nice cash generator to fund these acquisitions for this next six or seven years. But we don't do a deal just because of the credits.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs : Now, that’s fair. Great, thank you.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, you Mike.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Mike. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Yes, thank you. Any updated thoughts on the exchange opportunity? Is any business changing hands because of the exchanges, either for you or competitors? 
Patrick Gallagher: Mark that's a great question. Let me have that. We take a very strong position on this which is, A. We do have a private insurance exchange that we help to start in partnership with liaison and we offer that as one of the many things that we’ll do for clients.  But we look at exchanges as just more of the same, frankly. I mean, our entire history is, going into client offices and helping them sort through what they should do with their risk and what they should do with their benefits.  And these are new opportunities to move to new combined – new contribution approaches as opposed to defined benefits or defined contribution approach and there are lots of different exchanges. So, really what it does, is it provides again some confusion to our clients.  It's difficult for our clients to sort through all of these options on their own. And so it's just more of the same when it comes to sitting down with clients and helping them sort through what should they do the benefits. And remember, it's not just the health insurance spend that clients are dealing with.  Probably, in most businesses, compensation and benefits is one of their leading largest expenses, right? And benefits as part of that, so what we are helping our clients sort through is, what they do about their workforce.  What’s the strategic approach to keeping their people and making sure that they're giving them the benefits package that’s competitive. That includes health insurance and it may include an exchange and it may not work and that just makes for more work for us. 
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Thank you. 
Operator: Mr. Gallagher, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Christine. I just have one very brief thing to say and that is thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. I already said this, but I think it bears repeating. I could not be prouder of what our team continues to deliver, first to our clients and then secondly to our shareholders.  And the thing that’s kind of fun about being in my seat is that while I am pleased with the quarter, I am incredibly confident that this franchise is just getting started. So thank you for being with us this morning. Look forward to talking to you in the quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-07 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 
 Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call, and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin. 
J. Gallagher: Thank you, Brenda. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Doug and I and Walt Bay are in New York. We have others in the room in Itasca so we'll be ready for questions. 
 We realize that this was very short notice, so those of you that had to clear some items from your calendar to get on the call today, we really do appreciate it. Thanks very much for making it. 
 You'll have seen from the press releases that we issued this morning that we intend to finance this acquisition partially with an equity offering, and we've been advised that we cannot discuss the proposed equity offering at this time. And therefore, we'll not be answering any questions with respect to the offering. Having said that, I've been advised that I can, of course, talk about the acquisition to some degree and I do also want to get into our quarterly results. But let me just say that we are really, really excited about the announced transaction. This, we believe, is a coup for our company. This is an asset that is very well known in the marketplace. It's an asset in a business with people that are very similar to what we're used to around the globe. Think about this as really extending kind of our U.S. regions. It's 2 regions that are about similar in size, New Zealand being one, Australia the other, to what our typical regions are, the 5 here in the United States. 
 We've got a solid leader in Stephen Lockwood that we're very excited about. This builds out New Zealand in a way that we probably couldn't have accomplished this over the next decade, same is true with Australia. And there's a very nice operation in London that we think will be a great fit for us as well.
 We -- the sales culture is solid with this acquisition. This is a firm that is focused on its customers, number one; clearly focused on their people, number two; and they sell right into the middle market, just very similar to what we do here in the United States. We've known, in Australia and New Zealand, our people that are there have known these organizations for years, very, very excited about the fact that they chose to join us. Interesting, this was not an auction. This was 2 firms that selected each other, and I think a large part of that was really around the whole cultural fit. So we're extremely excited to welcome the people in Australia, New Zealand and London to our growing company. And as I say every quarter when it relates to mergers and acquisitions, this one in particular had tremendous amounts of choice and they chose to join Gallagher, as did the other people who joined us in the quarter that I want to welcome as well. 
 Our journey continues. The Brokerage segment had revenues of $567 million, up 24%; EBITDA at 110 plus was up 34%; EPS in the Brokerage segment was up 32% at $0.29. Risk Management had a solid quarter with revenue at $160 million, up 7%; EBITDAC at $26 million, up 8%; and our margin increased in our -- in the Risk Management segment 50 basis points, putting us just slightly over our 16% target, and we had nice margin improvement in the Brokerage business as well.
 Let me discuss the rate environment a little bit. Our property/casualty carriers here in the United States continue to showed discipline around underwriting. They're clear that they're account underwriting, and I think that's good. I mean, what -- a good account that has had great losses and that deserves a rate decrease will get one. But those accounts that need increases, and believe me, our underwriting partners can get as granular as an account, they are expecting to receive those increases. And I've said many times that this is an environment that I think is excellent for both our clients and us. We see this environment continuing. 
 As our customers' businesses are also improving at this time, which you've got when you got a market that's asking for increases there and abouts, we can use our expertise to help clients deal with that. So you've got businesses improving on our client side. We're not seeing a huge amount of increase in FTE hiring, but quarter-over-quarter for the last number of quarters, we are seeing positive signs in sales and payroll. And so even with a small rate increase, our professionals and our capabilities allow us to show our clients' alternatives in program design and placement strategies that help us prove our value to clients every single day. 
 I'm incredibly proud of our team. We continue to follow a strategy that's focused on 4 things that I've mentioned to you many times. We're focused on organic growth, we want to continue and we have a very solid pipeline of additional mergers and acquisitions. We're focused on margin improvement and continued development of our quality capabilities. And lastly, we focus and work very hard, day in and day out, on our culture.
 And I'd like to spend a bit of time on the culture. First and foremost, every single day, we get up and we focus on clients. We want to keep what we have and aggressively sell new business. Gallagher is a sales machine. Secondly, we focus on our people. This really is our product. These are the folks that day in and day out prove our value. They interact with and care for our clients in a way that is professional and yet very, very personal. When we eliminate barriers both inside our company and outside of our company to provide our clients with Gallagher's best and to help them grow and develop their business, we become true business partners. When we provide an environment of professionalism and professional growth, we attract and retain the best people in our industry. I truly feel blessed and believe that I am privileged to work with the best professionals in the insurance industry.
 Now one last comment on culture. During the first quarter, we received word that we would once again, be recognized as one of the world's most ethical companies. This is a big deal. This is a really big deal. There were literally over 1,000 companies that applied for this designation and we were one of just over 100 that received it. This is the third time we've received this recognition and believe me, this is not a shoe-in. We are really, really proud of this. 
 And to my colleagues, I say thank you and congratulations. To our customers, carriers and other stakeholders, I say we will always be committed to the highest standards of moral and ethical behavior. We're excited about our first quarter. We're very excited to welcome our Wesfarmers new teammates. And with that, I'll turn it over to Doug to talk about the financial results. 
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for jumping on to this. It's terrific to have a great start to the year with a great quarter and obviously, we've been busy on the M&A front. And so I'm going to clip my comments a little shorter on the press release today so that we can spend some more time on Wesfarmers and the overall transaction. 
 First of all, in the face of the press release, a couple of things. There's nothing on the face that I would say is unexpected. You see the normal adjustments for bookings, our integration costs, workforce termination and acquisition-related adjustments. But overall, on the adjusted basis, the Brokerage business had an excellent quarter, being up 34% EBITDA and 32% in EPS. 
 In the Risk Management segment, a nice quarter, solid, organic growth. And in this, recall that we picked up a claim portfolio transfer with a large insurance carrier that recognized our capabilities. That's coming through our accounts nicely. That is excluded from organic growth. So as you look at the organic growth for the Risk Management segment, it reported 6%, but there's about $2.5 million that came from that book transfer. We refer to that as an acquisition. That would have fueled organic growth. You look at that element of this by another 1.5 points. 
 When I look at -- when I flip to the second page and I look at the organic growth, I want to make a couple of comments on base commissions and fees. A couple of things, in the 3.3% organic on just the base commissions and fees, the U.S. business was around that 3%, probably a little bit above it. Our international was slightly below it. If you look at wholesale versus retail, retail outperformed wholesale a little bit, but by and large, all of it in that solid 3%-plus range. 
 Also noteworthy, because this is seasonally our smallest quarter, I encourage you to take a look at our investor supplement that we post on the website and when you go back over the last 20 quarters, you'll see that in each of the last 5 years, our first quarter organic growth rate lags what you see in the next 3 quarters. So I think in every single case, our first quarter organic growth, and this is natural. In our environment, our people press pretty hard to push towards getting accounts up and running by the end of the year, just the way the natural tendency is. And so because we're seasonal, I don't know if it was the chicken or the egg, we just have a pattern of reporting slightly less, maybe 1 point less of organic growth in the first quarter than we do in subsequent quarters. So I don't see -- things, certainly, can change going forward, but I see that as a pattern that's noteworthy of looking at it. 
 As I look through it, we didn't have a lot of nonrecurring wins. We did have one market that lost its rating right in the middle of a renewal that may have put a slight damper -- maybe 20 basis points in terms of organic, but by and large, nothing stands out in terms of organic on that. 
 When you look at rates and exposure, we're still less than 1% coming from rate and exposure. This is an environment where just new business is outpacing loss business. And I would say that that's consistent with what we've been saying for the last, really, 8 or 9 quarters. 
 Staying on Page 2, but moving down onto supplementals and contingents, a tremendous quarter. And really, I think that when you look at the supplemental and contingent line, this is an industry -- indicator of, really, the health of the insurance industry. I think it shows the continued growth that Gallagher has. We're growing with our good -- with our carrier partners and the book of business that we're growing is profitable, so I think that this is nice recognition of the work that Gallagher is doing in order to grow our business with our -- with the insurance carriers. 
 When we move down to the compensation ratio on Brokerage, you'll see that we improved there. This is good discipline on harvesting some of our productivity gains. So you're seeing an improvement in the compensation ratio there, so that's good work to the team. And nothing stands out on the operating expense ratio, translates on the top of Page 3 into nice margin expansion for the Brokerage segment. Obviously, the roll-in of Giles and Bollinger did help that a little bit, but probably 1/2 of that growth was related to them coming in at just naturally higher margins and the other was just the fact that we improved margins on our -- on the rest of our book of business, so up -- being up 150 basis points probably split between acquisition roll-in and just natural expansion. Obviously, we'll get back to acquisitions in a bit. 
 I want to move to Risk Management. We talk about the book transfer. Good solid organic growth, coming both domestically and international there. I had an opportunity to spend time down in Australia, obviously, over the last couple of weeks. And I just have to tell you, what's going on in our Australia operations down there and bringing self-insurance in and -- to the work cover schemes into commercial carriers down there continues to be a nice, nice win for Gallagher. And I think that will be a nice complementary aspect of what we're doing with the Wesfarmers group.
 The comp ratio, nothing stands out. It's up a little bit, but you see that sometimes in our first quarter because of the way we give raises. The operating expense ratio continues to show that we get better as we do things. But overall, to be up over 16%, I'm on the next page now, it's a nice recovery. If you recall in the fourth quarter, we were slightly below 16% because we got hit by a couple employee-related severe medical claims. It's nice to see this unit rebound and be well up over their 16-point target for the quarter.
 Turning to Corporate segment. Corporate segment had a solid, solid quarter in clean energy. You'll note in there that we executed a transaction that triggered about a $14 million after-tax gain. What that is, is that we have -- we purchased back portions of plants that we had previously sold off at a substantial discount. We did sell because our growth and appetite for tax credits is growing. Our partner that was in those plants, a tremendous part of their appetite for tax credits was decreasing because of their tax position, so we saw this as an excellent opportunity to take those portions of plants back. Of course, the interplay with that is when you get a chance, you go through our supplement and you look at what's happened with our outlook for the rest of the year. You'll see not only has it gone up by this $14 million gain, but because we now have these plants and the continued rollout of the plant, we've actually upped our guidance and outlook for the Corporate segment clean energy investment. So a really solid quarter and good work to the team there.
 I think also a noteworthy item is our income tax rate in the Brokerage and Risk Management segments continues to migrate lower that on a standalone basis, and that's because of the mix of our international business in lower taxed jurisdictions. So you'll see that our tax rate, when you do the math, came down a couple of points in the quarter but that's through economic difference between earnings in  foreign jurisdictions at a lower tax rate than in the U.S. So that's -- as we continue to expand internationally, that's good work.
 All right. So I'm going to leave the press release now and let me jump into the acquisition of Wesfarmers. First and foremost, we think this is, in fact, a tremendous fit for us. Two really, really, nice units there in New Zealand and Australia, and a nice little bolt-on piece in the U.K. All of them are running nice margins and it's an accretive deal for us. We're excited about that and we think that the opportunity to join forces with them, the spread of mix of business is nice medium, medium-sized accounts, feels a lot like us, good 20 to 30 branches in Australia, 20 to 30 branches in New Zealand, while next to no market share in Australia. We've got a nice market share in New Zealand. But in both places, we see an opportunity for a relationship together as being able to grow that business. 
 We know that business down there. We have a nice organization run down there on the Brokerage side that's got $30 million to $50 million of revenue in Australia. So we do understand that business, but the fact is that we're not going to trip up over one another. There's going to be very little integration that goes on down in Australia and New Zealand, other than maybe trying to system share, rent share with some of our locations and with the Gallagher Bassett operations that are already 1,000 folks strong down in Australia. So we will be able to pick up some back office efficiency. The critical mass that we get out of that business down there really allows us to save some money. 
 The other thing, too, is it presents a ripe opportunity for us to continue the bolt-on acquisitions down there. We are seeing lots of brokers that have an interest in joining Gallagher. We picked up a nice new merger partner in New Zealand, coincidentally, last week. The Gallagher story sells well down there, and I think now having the Crombie Lockwood and the OAMPS folks on-board to tell a combined story, I think we've got a good place. 
 In terms of the organization itself, Wesfarmers did a great job of making this a well-controlled and financially-disciplined organization. I think that, that fits well with what we are trying to do on the financial side, the budget and planning side, obviously, the control side. So we found a -- that the hard work that Wesfarmers put in to make this a part of a public company should be great for us when it comes to transition on that. 
 In terms of what it also does for us in terms of market relations, Pat may make some comments on that. The fact is we're getting bigger with our carriers down there and this will really put us in a position to be in good shape with them and then I'll let you talk a little bit more about the trading relationships with London, wholesale operations, et cetera. 
 So overall, on the financial side, one of the things to think about, let me go back and make sure that -- we filed an acquisition set of slides on the Internet on our website. If you have a chance to take a look at those, I really would encourage you to read through the points in there, obviously. But there's a couple of things that I'd like you to look at. Page 8 of that, most notably is the valuation. And if you don't have it in front of you, if you look at this deal, we're paying USD 933 million for it. It'll come with net assets of about $45 million, $46 million, so it will be an $887 million U.S. transaction. We think with synergies, this business will be at somewhere around 80 -- excuse me, $98 million to $99 million of EBITDAC. So that puts it out on a multiple, for us, of about 9.0. 
 There's also an important footnote on Page 8 that I'd like you to make sure you take a look at because of -- if you look at the tax rate in Australia being $0.30 -- 30%, we intend to, in some part, repatriate those earnings to the U.S., not in all, but some parts of that. And as a result of that, we think that the effective tax rate for the organization could be south of 20%. We did this for illustrative purposes on Page 8. And if you take that into consideration, it brings our multiple down to about 7.8x EBITDAC. So we believe that's a very, very fair multiple. It's a great sale for Wesfarmers and it's a great buy for us. It really is a win-win situation, a lot to do because of the synergies that we can get and then also because of the tax rates that -- differential that we can bring to bear. 
 The other thing, elsewhere in the document back on Page 10, we give you a computation of accretion on this deal, under the hypothetical amount of shares that we would use in a mix of using cash on hand, 2.25x debt in the structure and the remainder in share issuances. It shows, and you can look at this, whether you want to use, integration, non-integration, reported versus adjusted, but it's anywhere from $0.09 to $0.17 accretive. 
 And there's also an important footnote on Page 10. Those numbers do not factor in the additional tax benefit that we will get by being able to keep more of our credit, which could produce additional accretion of $0.07 to $0.10 per share. So on a bid/ask spread difference, you could have it anywhere from $0.09 all the way up to maybe as much as $0.27 accretive on this deal, depending on how you choose to look at it. We believe the ability to have a lesser tax rate is important for Gallagher, but just even on just a standalone basis, it looks like it's nicely accretive there.
 I think those are my comments, financially. I think that in this deck, maybe we'll flip through a few more pages. Pat, why don't we move back to some more strategic rationale for doing the deal, and then we'll open it up for Q&A, right? 
J. Gallagher: I think when you take a look at this opportunity, the issue for us in Australia has been we've got a great team, we did an acquisition there, a number of years ago, SPA in Perth. We've been building out that, we've been looking at bolt-on acquisitions, but we really haven't had scale. And so now this gives us tremendous scale in Australia, New Zealand and we'll be one of the larger brokers in the region. As Doug commented, it will clearly allow us to do more bolt-on acquisitions. So I think there's tremendous opportunities for growth in Australasia, in general. And I think that the combined organization will be very attractive to potential partners. This will also, I think, give us a very good platform in that region to look at Asia Pacific from a more close location than trying to do it from London or the United States. 
 Again, the firm that we're buying does very similar work to what we do here in the United States. There's a lot of small- and middle-market of clients that fit nicely in with us. There are good cross-selling opportunities. We're very strong as -- in the Risk Management side. Gallagher Bassett Services in Australia is a very strong -- one of -- it is the strongest TPA and one of the few that's licensed to do adjusting across all states. And that will give Gallagher Bassett a lift with some hopeful, really good cross-selling. As I said, their sales culture is very strong and I think that will also give us opportunities to build out more of their London operation as well as our operation. 
 So all in all, a great deal. I think that the Wesfarmers folks, as Doug said, were extremely disciplined. We are getting an organization that comes to us very buttoned down. They were in the process of getting ready to potentially do an IPO when the idea of combining our firms was brought to them. So this is a firm that we feel very, very good about in terms of control, growth, cross sell, people, culture, sales opportunities. Well, you know me, I could continue to go on. So with that, I'll just turn it over for questions and answers. 
 Brenda, you want to open this up? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question -- our first question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt with Barclays. 
Sarah DeWitt: I wanted to ask some questions on the Wesmark [ph] acquisition. Could you give us a little background on the Australian market and the environment there? How competitive is that market? What's pricing doing? 
J. Gallagher: Yes. And Sarah, it's Wesfarmers. 
Sarah DeWitt: I'm sorry. 
J. Gallagher: No worries. But I figure they're probably listening in, we've got to get their name right. The market is a little bit squishier there than it is here in the United States. The economy was booming in that area from natural resources, in particular, we got some real benefits of that as we did the SPA transaction in Perth. That has slowed a bit. China is kind of pulling their horns a bit in terms of their continued appetite for natural resources. But the economy is still probably a little bit more robust than we see here in the United States, and the market is probably just a tad softer there than it is here. But all in all, a very good sales environment and one that we think that over time is -- again, the underwriting discipline that we're seeing in the United States is something that we believe we'll see globally. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. And what is their organic growth been? 
Douglas Howell: In the low-single digits. I would say that it's been on pace with Gallagher's. There's a couple of noteworthy -- I mean, New Zealand has been on fire and has been all the way through the -- even in the global recession. The U.K. has been steady. Australia has been steady, but I would say that the growth excitement that we're seeing in New Zealand, we think that could be infectious inside of Australia. Steve Lockwood and his team down there are doing a tremendous job in order to make those 2 organizations feel a lot the same. So I think that there's good opportunity for them to be a part of us and continue that growth. 
J. Gallagher: Sarah, I was down there last week and had a chance to interact with our Corporate group that has -- we got about 20 -- about $30 million of revenue down there. I'm going to tell you that the excitement about the opportunity to really push organic growth from our troops, the brand strength that this brings to them, they've been fighting above their weight class and get -- believe me, I understand what that's like, because when I started off selling, nobody knew who Gallagher was. So they've been trying to tell a story down there that Gallagher's different, we're unique, we've got these capabilities. They've been very good at using our niche approach. We sent our niche leader on the college and university side down there, about 5 years ago. We've got a very nice book of business in that area now, with I think about 7 universities that are now clients. But they look across our construction capabilities, our not-for-profit capabilities, our higher education and public sector capabilities and these people are chomping at the bit. So I think that they've had decent low-single digit organic, but as we come around to planning time, I'll be expecting better than that. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. And then the numbers question. What are you assume to be after-tax earnings of Wesfarmers on your accretion analysis on Page 10? 
Douglas Howell: The after-tax earnings in dollar amounts or do you want it in -- well, let's see if I can get that for you. 
Sarah DeWitt: Dollar amount would be great. 
Douglas Howell: Well, basically, you take the adjusted EBITDAC and you take it times 70%, and that would basically be the after-tax assumption on this business. And then, of course, you've got to label in the additional shares in order to complete [ph] the addition. So there's -- in the grid on Page 10, it is assumed at 30% tax rate, all right? The footnote adds the additional accretion if you give credit to the fact that you're going to shelter about $12 million worth of cash flows that would've normally gone in tax payments, will be kept. Did we lose you? We heard a beep. 
Sarah DeWitt: No. No, that makes sense. So what are you assuming for interest and depreciation then? 
Douglas Howell: Interest and depreciation, let me see if I can dig that out. I'll come back to the group on that. We -- I don't want to bog it down right now. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: I wanted to just revisit the organic growth in the quarter. I know you gave us a little bit of background, but it does look like sequentially, it was decelerated a bit. Do you -- is that the right way to look at it? And could you maybe talk about whether or not you are indeed seeing at least the market environment decelerating a little bit in the first quarter versus the fourth? 
J. Gallagher: No, Paul, we're not seeing a deceleration in the first quarter. I -- as I said, I continue to be impressed with the discipline that underwriters are bringing to the marketplace. I've never seen a market like this in my career. This is my fourth cycle and to actually have about 3 years now going into our third year with disciplines. Having said that, any account that is of any size that has got a good clean record that deserves to get a decrease when we market it, that's -- they are account underwriting. So I think the market is disciplined. As Doug commented earlier, we have less than 1% of our growth is coming from market or from market rates or from the improvement in our clients' businesses, which is good because that means our people are doing a good job in the field of exactly what they should do, which is helping our clients get the best deal they can get. I wouldn't get all hung up on organic growth in the first quarter. Doug commented on the fact that over the last 20 quarters spread that you could see on our website, first quarter tends to be sequentially our smallest quarter, and frankly, it -- I think we pushed so hard to finish the year and we had such a dynamic year in 2013 that it doesn't surprise me that we'd be a little short to our norm. So I'm not feeling like our sales process or our sales efforts have decreased, and I'm not feeling like the market has fallen out from under us. 
Paul Newsome: Knock on wood. And then an entirely separate question, maybe a little bit more on the synergies for Wesfarmers. You've talked about already the possible sales and cross-selling synergies. Is the $13 million/$12 million that you're talking there purely a cost estimate? Or is there some actual revenue synergies in there? And any additional details would be great. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. Paul, thanks. Great question, actually. Of the $12 million U.S. synergies, $13 million actually that we expect, frankly, most of that comes from rent savings, systems, consumables, largely just expendables that would -- we would have going on. There is very little revenue uplift in those numbers. We have intentionally not put that in there, but we believe the ability to trade with ourselves, the ability to get enhanced compensation from the carriers could be significant on and above that number. So we feel that synergies we put in there are, basically, all cost saves. There's not a lot of even headcount save in there. Just illustratively, just not having a separate location in London produces lots of value, for instance, in rent. Now, the ability to just share some of the computer systems with Gallagher Bassett, the back office servers and everything, that's where it is. But the revenue uplift, we see that as a spot. If it holds true on what we saw with Bollinger, Heath, Giles and now Oval, that our ability to get more bites at the apple, so to speak, just to -- just providing more services between the capital providers and the customers, we have opportunities for a substantial revenue uplift. So that's -- hopefully, that's it. Let me answer Sarah's question. The interest was about $11 million, depreciation was about $5 million in the calculation of our -- in terms of doing our accretion calculations. 
J. Gallagher: Paul, I want to hit on your questions as well. I think Doug did a good job on that, but we really believe that our acquisition process is about finding ways to make 1 plus 1 equal 5, and this one should equal 7. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Brian DiRubbio [ph] with Typso Capital [ph]. 
Unknown Analyst: Two questions for you. First off on the Risk Management side, Pat, are you seeing any improvement in actual claims rates or claims being filed in that business? Or is that still sort of as it has been over the last year or so? 
J. Gallagher: Ask the question again, Brian. Do I see any -- are you asking me if I'm seeing any increase because of economic improvement? 
Unknown Analyst: Yes, in the number of claims that are being filed through Gallagher Bassett. 
J. Gallagher: Yes, but it's -- yes, but if I'm your [indiscernible] 
Douglas Howell: Of the U.S. domestic organic growth, 1 point, 1.5 of that comes from volume. Another 1.5 to 2 points to 3 points  comes from just rate increase, so to speak, in terms of our -- the fees that we charge. 
Unknown Analyst: Got you. And I guess my second question, I don't know if you can answer this is, could you maybe give us some sense of why this particular mix of debt and equity to purchase Wesfarmers? 
Douglas Howell: Yes, I can -- listen, I think that the [indiscernible] is we look at our acquisition strategy over the course of the year. We always run into the complexities of the signing debt versus equity to a particular transaction. Generally, what we do, as you'll recall, at the end of the year, we typically say, when you look at our -- all of our acquisitions as a portfolio, we end up doing about, let's say, 25% in free cash, 25% in debt and about 50% in equity issue, right? Now on our smaller deals, some we do for 75% stock and 25% cash; some we do for 100% cash. International deals tend to be down mostly in cash versus direct equity just because of the listing issues and the professional investor rules that are so at the end of a year, we typically balance the books and stay as a portfolio. And these assumptions here, we basically assigned a 17% of this business [ph] price would come from free cash flows, reflecting that there's other cash flows that will be used in other transactions and then 2.25% -- 2.25x EBITDA in terms of debt and the rest in equity rates. So in this case, the dilution calculations were assumed, some free cash, some a normal regular level of debt at 2.25 and the rest in equity. 
Operator: We have one other question coming from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Could you give us an update on the benefits segment in the U.S., any impact from health exchanges, just how you see that playing out as you sit here today? 
J. Gallagher: Yes, Mark, I think that -- this is Pat, and Doug can get to the numbers. But we've been very clear on what we believe our strategy around the exchange programs are. And yes, we're seeing very good benefit from the new law to our consulting opportunities across the United States. I've been very, very verbal in the fact that I think the law is probably a tragedy for America, but it's great for Gallagher, so I guess I got to like it. But the complexity of the law and the amount of change that goes into that complexity continues to ratchet out of Washington literally every week, and it's very difficult to stay on top of, and so our clients really, really need the help. Part of that help is having them sort -- helping them sort through whether an exchange solution is appropriate or not. And we don't have one exchange. We're not -- we have helped create a private insurance exchange, but we're not married to just one program or one product. As consultants and brokers, we believe that our role would be to help our clients choose, if they want a solution that includes an exchange, which exchange they will use. And we do not see that as being a huge revenue uplift for us. We see that as being part of our normal day in and day out activity that we're responsible for. And I think that really, if you step back, what's happening with our benefits folks, it's not just about health insurance. What's going on with this law, and I think it is helping clients focus on this is that they got to decide how they want to treat their people, and that's their total rewards. What's going to happen? How am I going to figure out retaining and attracting the people I need to run my business? So for instance, very little in the way of clients saying to us, "Forget it, throw my people to the wolves. We're just not -- we're out. We'll pay the penalty, they can figure it out, go to an exchange, buy it from the government." There's virtually none of that. As you're reading articles about people that have gone on to the government exchanges in the various states, as well as the federal government one, you'll see stories about sticker shock, about deductible sticker shock. Well, our clients, they're not going to do that with their folks. So the employers are staying very, very involved in this, but they're looking at it on a holistic basis that's says, "How am I going to keep my folks?" So there will be those that want a defined contribution approach as opposed to a defined benefit, and we'll help those people sort through which exchanges are their best answer. And yes, we're seeing a lot of activity around that. I don't want to make it sound like -- there's a lot of interest. I believe every employer in America will consider defined contribution and exchanges. That doesn't mean that I believe 50% are going to move in that direction. I just think it'll be one of many solutions that will be reviewed as they decide how they want to take care of their people. Doug, you want to talk about the numbers at all? 
Douglas Howell: Of course, I do. The benefits business continues -- I mean, this is a well-run business inside of Gallagher. I think it's got a tremendous amount of expertise in it. As you know, at Gallagher, we don't have our benefit folks report up through the regular property/casualty reporting lines like you see a lot of other brokers might be doing. We believe this is a separate, technical expertise unit that needs to -- many times, they sell to a different customer also. And so the fact that we "siloed" this, which seems to be a negative word sometimes, we siloed this 20 years ago, and it's grown from a business that was basically doing $8 million of EBITDA to a business that's well into the $100 millions at this point of EBITDA. So we like the business, the margins are good on it. It's not easy out there, but it's also a consolidating business. A lot of the smaller guys have a hard time competing in this, so we see lots of opportunity for this, both domestically and internationally. Even though when you look in countries like the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Canada, where there's socialized medicine, there's still lots of employee benefit-related products to be sold and a lot of consulting that goes along with those decisions that human resource leaders need to make. So this is a business that is hitting on all cylinders inside of Gallagher. 
J. Gallagher: And as Doug mentioned, very strong help on the acquisition side. What we're finding is that people that are joining us really need our resources. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. 
Ian Gutterman: I just had a few clarifications, I guess. Pat, first, just to address the organic again, if I can. The -- I appreciate your point about Q1 being weaker, and you can see that in the historical numbers. But last year's Q1 was up 5%, and this year's Q1 is only up 3%. So it looks like at least year-over-year that it got a little tougher. Is there anything you could attribute that to? 
J. Gallagher: We wrote less business as a percentage this quarter than we did last year. And I'm not trying to be flippant, but I don't get jazzed up about 1 point here or there on a quarter. I see our pipeline, we use the salesforce.com, I see our new business, we're writing millions of dollars of new business a week. The pipeline is solid, and I'm very, very comfortable that the sales coach [ph] will be good. So as you're looking through our numbers and you're trying to find systemically something that's changed, what I'm telling you is nothing did. 
Ian Gutterman: Perfect, that's what I wanted to know. Was there any weather -- that was the only other thing I was wondering, was there any weather slowdown? 
J. Gallagher: Yes, all of us in the North couldn't get out of our house, nor did we want to. 
Ian Gutterman: Exactly. Okay... 
Douglas Howell: Let me amplify that, that when we looked down through this that we just -- it's solid across all fronts, and it's just the natural pullback that happened in the first quarter a little bit. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And then, Doug, on the contingents, there was -- you addressed that, but there was a big pickup. Obviously, some of that is the environment, but is also some of that just the acquisitions? And as you've grown that, that we should expect -- I guess what I'm trying to ask, because I know Q1 is always a high quarter, but as I look out for the rest of the year, is sort of the year-over-year increase in Q1 a reasonable benchmark for the rest of the year? 
Douglas Howell: I think that we put on the back of the release, I believe we have a table and it allows you to kind of do a site tick quarter-by-quarter. Let me see here. 
Ian Gutterman: Yes, I got it now. Okay. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. So I would encourage you to use that table to help you get your head around it. It's below the balance sheet that -- but I wouldn't say you would have such an [indiscernible]. The other thing, Bollinger and jobs did have contingent commissions that were coming in, in the first quarter that fueled that. Now we take that out in organic, but overall, these are solid numbers. And I think that where we are in the cycle in this firmy [ph] market -- or the steady market cycle, this is good indication that there's value-add here. As you know, we talk about our base commissions and fees and we break out supplementals and contingents. There's always a little geography in some of those. And 1 year, a carrier might decide to have us work on a supplemental and another year to have us work on a contingent. But there's nothing that I saw in these numbers in the first quarter that would tell me that there's a major shift one way or another, but it does impact how we classify revenues. If somebody chooses to pay us a little bit more on a supplemental and a little bit on a base commission and fee, that can affect the organic. If they choose to move us over to a contingent, it can impact the organic that we tend to use as highlight organic on this. But by and large, there's nothing out of whack in this, one way or another, other than the fact that we continue to show our value to the carriers. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And then my last one on the energy side, stripping out the $14 million, obviously, but when I look at the projections, the Q2 through Q4, some of the quarters changed. But in aggregate, it doesn't look like it's changed a lot from the prior quarter's projection. But Q1, the $7 million sort of core positive versus, I think, you're projecting a loss. Can you just give us any color sort of given that the change in demand, the ownership and everything, is there a reason all of the benefit from that sort of comes in Q1 and the rest of the year steady? Or I'm just trying to think about what the right way to... 
Douglas Howell: Well, I think that the real question is, are you looking at the projection of clean energy or corporate? Let me just ask that to clarify your question. 
Ian Gutterman: I meant clean energy. And obviously I did this very quickly this morning. But I'm looking at the clean energy line in the corporate tab. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, all right. Let me grab that, and I'll be able to speak to that actively. Actually, I think in the clean energy line, last -- when we made our estimate at the end of last year on the clean energy line, we were looking for somewhere around -- a range of somewhere around $73 million, if you split the low and the high end of the range, so $73 million. And kind of the midpoint of the range now is somewhere around $94 million or $95 million right after tax. So $73 million, there's actually like a $22 million delta there between old and new, of which $14 million of it came from the gain. So we have actually improved our overall outlook on that by about $7 million for the rest of the year. 
Ian Gutterman: Right. And it just seemed to me that whole $7 million showed up in Q1, right? The original Q1 was minus $2 million to minus $5 million and you hit at $21 million. So you beat it by $23 million to $28 million, $14 million of that being the tax. See what I'm saying? 
Douglas Howell: Yes -- no, I know what you're saying. Yes. Because of recognizing the gain in the first quarter, remember what happens on this is that we have a proportional recognition based on pretax earning, so we actually accelerated the recognition of credits in the first quarter to shelter the gain that we took in the first quarter. Page 15, if you pull out this -- Page 15 in the supplement, this quarter versus last year, we show how the difference in the emergence of credits recognized were versus credits produced and, yes, you do see that -- it's basically because you take a gain in the first quarter of $20 million, you got to put up taxes of $6 million or $7 million, so you pull credit into the first quarter to cover that for the accounting, and then you pull it down. So I don't make the rules, I just follow them. And so -- but you're right, that's the way to look at it. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay, got it. That's all I have. 
J. Gallagher: Sorry for the long-winded answer, but that's the answer. 
Operator: We have our next question from the line of Paul Sarran with Mesirow. 
Paul Sarran: Your pro forma accretion estimates for Wesfarmers assume 13 million to 13.5 million shares issued, but the offering is for 19 million. Is there something specific that those incremental shares or the funds from those incremental shares are pegged for? 
Douglas Howell: That's something that's better served for our conversation when we talk about the secondary offering, and I'm just -- I just can't answer that question right now. 
Paul Sarran: Okay. When does that conversation take place? 
Douglas Howell: We're currently taking advisement right now on when to -- we've made the announcement that -- of a secondary and we're working on that right now. 
Paul Sarran: Okay. So then, just a question specific to the Wesfarmers deal. There's some mention of premium funding business included in what you acquired. How much of the revenue and EBITDAC did that contribute? 
Douglas Howell: Two questions. One of the things that I just want to make sure that we wrap up, I think -- well, I can't really comment on it because of the -- on the equity issue. And even if you take the entire 19 million shares that you mentioned that we discussed in our press release this morning and you run it through this accretion calculation, it still comes up to be $0.03 accretive plus the tax. And so even if all of the shares were assigned to this deal 100%, it's still an accretive deal. I probably should have answered that way first just by the pure math. And then what was the second part of your question? 
J. Gallagher: The question as a funding business. 
Douglas Howell: Oh, the premium funding business. First and foremost, for those of you that aren't aware, Gallagher does -- through its 3 primary trading partners in the U.S., we do a lot of premium funding business. In the U.S., carriers are much willing -- much more willing to offer installment billing terms than you see in New Zealand and in Australia. So the premium funding activity is more part and parcel to the Brokerage. It's a real value-add that we bring to the customers. In terms of the revenues that get produced by it and the EBITDA, it's around $50 million, and the EBITDA is in the mid-teens or upper teens, depending on how you commute -- compute the interest carry cost. If you assign a full third-party borrowing rate to that, obviously, it pushes your -- I hate to use EBITDA, but if you'd assume EBITDA after interest associated with the funding, then -- I'll use that term, then you're in the mid-single-digits. If you assume a borrowing that might be more conducive to Gallagher or Wesfarmers, you improve that to nearly 20% or more. This business, as you know, all these receivables are collateralized by the right to cancel and get return premiums from the carriers. I believe nearly 100% of that business is that way. The right to can is available in New Zealand and maybe 80% flat in Australia. We just don't have credit losses in this business. So we have -- Gallagher has substantial experience with this in the U.S. through our trading partners, and we like this business in Australia and New Zealand. So this will be a nice business for us down there. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Billingsley with Compass Point. 
Kenneth  Billingsley: I just wanted to clarify, I know you were just assuming that if all the shares from the recent offering were applied to the Wesfarmers deal, did you say it would be $0.03 before tax? Is that correct? 
Douglas Howell: $0.03 before the $0.07 to $0.10 of -- actually, it'd probably closer to $0.05 to $0.07 with the full 19 million shares in it. 
Kenneth  Billingsley: Maybe $0.05 to $0.07? 
Douglas Howell: Of additional tax, so you'd be somewhere between 3% without the tax benefit and another, let's say, 4% to 6% with the tax benefit. So you can get as much as $0.10 even on the full 19 million shares. 
Kenneth  Billingsley: And that assumes, obviously, that there are -- margins remain the same as they are currently, correct, with some synergy improvement as well? 
Douglas Howell: Correct. Right. Now remember, these are fiscal year '13 numbers ending June 30, '13. So as the result of making sure that we're tying back to audited financial statements, you've got a year in arrears look on this. And we see -- as we did our due diligence on these organizations through March 31, they continue to perform and grow. And so through those numbers, it's not on a pattern with the historical one. 
Kenneth  Billingsley: Okay. The -- and to clarify from the shares that are outstanding, at least to be offered, obviously, even though the current offering, which could be up at nearly 22 million shares with the shoe, and I believe you have a 8 million share announcement that you just did, plus at the money offering. Can you tell me about what's still outstanding potentially to be the issue? 
Douglas Howell: We issued next to nothing in the aftermarket offering. It would still sit out there and be live, but it's not something that during this process we would use, and the 8 million was allotted to do acquisitions going forward -- during that process. Obviously, during this process that -- we're not using shares. 
Kenneth  Billingsley: Okay, I understand. And then the other question I have is on the coal operations. The expense margin versus the revenues that are being generated, it seems that, that has improved. Is there -- was there something that occurred this quarter that maybe was different for some prior quarters? Or is that a trend that we would expect to see continue, whether days in operation or number of plants opened? 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I've always cautioned everybody that to be able to look at the components of revenue and expense on the coal plants is very difficult to do because sometimes, you have revenues as we buy coal. Sometimes we buy it at $100 a ton and we resell it at $102 a ton. That's a different outcome than if we buy [indiscernible] a ton. So I would caution you that the -- drawing any conclusions about the margin on that business on a pretax basis is very difficult to do and probably not productive because at the end of the day, it typically costs us X amount per ton in order to do it and we get Y amount of tax credits, and the differential is what comes into next -- into net earnings. But also, you get the impact of consolidated versus unconsolidated plants. If we own less than 50% of it, generally, and we don't control it, then we wouldn't consolidate it and all we're doing is picking up the aftertax equity and earnings in it then the tax rate. So there's nothing different going on inside of the building. It's just peculiar accounting that might be causing you to come to those observations. 
Kenneth  Billingsley: Last question is -- I believe your 4 largest acquisitions have occurred in the last 12 months or so, or will have. From a management operational standpoint, a lot of these acquired companies have better margins. What is in place from your side to make sure that those margins don't slip and it's a lot of revenue to integrate in a short period of time? 
J. Gallagher: Let me take the integration discussion, and then I'll let Doug touch on the margin discussion. When you take a look at these 4 acquisitions, know that, for instance, what's going on with the one we just finalized, this is Oval, was a totally different set of people doing the integration of that than those will be responsible for the integration of what we're doing in Australia and New Zealand. So we're not -- there's different sets of hands on the oars here, and we're not having someone that has to jump up and say, "I got to leave the Bollinger deal in New Jersey and fly my way to Australia right now to get going on acquisition integration." The folks at Bollinger, by and large, are integrated. That's been a very good deal for us. It's folded right into 3 operations: Our benefits operation, our wholesaling operation and program management company, as well as our Northeast region for our property/casualty retail business. And that's going extremely well. Oval will integrate nicely in the U.K. Giles is complete. Heath was very, very much integrated. And so I feel like we're really not straight in the organization in any way in terms of getting these things integrated. Doug, you can touch on the margins. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think the nature of the book of business that we're buying just depends on the clients how do they serve. In certain cases, when you look at a small specialty SME business that you see in New Zealand, that you see in certain aspects of New Jersey with Bollinger and you saw in the Giles transaction, they're serving smaller to smaller middle-market customers. And the service load on those customers isn't as high as it is, let's say, when you get up into a more sophisticated risk management. Oval, for instance, it plays at a slightly upper end to lower higher end of the market in the U.K., and its margins aren't where Giles were, and rightfully so. Those customers deserve a different level of service or require a different level of service because of the complexity of their programs. So in this case, it happened to be that we -- that in Australia and New Zealand, New Jersey and on the Giles transaction in the U.K., the margins are all plus or minus in the 30% range on their basis of reporting. When you look at Oval, it's somewhere down in the lower 20s, and that's because they serve a different clientele there that requires more service. And you see that inside of Gallagher depending on -- our Risk Management customers require different levels of service in Los Angeles, let's say, than maybe the small accounts that are in Orange County, for instance. I'm just making that up by illustration. So there's nothing necessarily. How do we keep that from slipping? Is it because we continue to do what we're doing with those customers the way we've been doing it? Except for, truthfully, we can now spread some of the common costs across a larger platform. So really, all ships rise on that. We see these businesses as being -- remember, Gallagher tried to not run -- or to buy poorly-run business. If they're not making money currently, we typically don't have much interest in having them join our family of organization. So we like nicely run businesses with management that's proven how to make money, and we think that they will continue to be able to do it and even more so with our resources. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital. 
Scott Heleniak: Just wondering if you could touch on the -- you mentioned a potential for further bolt-on acquisitions in U.K. and Australia. I'm just wondering if you could touch on that, just how many potential candidates, what kind of pool of properties is available? I know in the U.S., there's sort of 8,000 to 15,000 brokers, and I'm just wondering if you can give us some detail on that, what kind of opportunity there? 
J. Gallagher: Yes, Scott. Well, both the U.K. market and the Australian market and New Zealand market, are fragmented markets. There's not as much opportunity in those countries as we have in the United States because we have probably 30% of the gross-written premium in the world was written in the United States. And so I think that just gives you a huge leg up. We've got 300 million people here, and in Australia, you got 25 million. So -- but nonetheless, the business is fragmented. I've said this before, if you look at it on a global basis, literally, if you looked at all insurance spend and you added Marsh and Gallagher and Willis together, we wouldn't have any market share. So in a fragmented business that is a global business, the opportunities to do bolt-on acquisitions is just outstanding. And our pipeline in the United States is incredibly robust, and it's very strong in the U.K., and we'll see how we build it. Now one of the nice things about the -- probably Lockwood in particular, is that they have been very, very good at doing acquisitions, and they're excited about the fact that we would like them to continue to do that. So I think you're going to see that -- we'll probably always have, in terms of item count, more rolling into us in the United States than we do elsewhere, and we think the opportunities are terrific. And we said that when we did Heath 3 years ago in the U.K., that we needed a platform to be able to attract these firms. And we've probably brought on another half a dozen to a dozen firms into our U.K. operation because we had the platform to do it. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. Let me pile on that. One other thing, too, is that we talk about the opportunities for acquisitions and consolidation. The other thing, too, to realize is that at a sizable organization that we are and with our culture, our internship program is developing young people on an annual basis of coming into this business. One of the things that you're going to see is that just the number of retirements that are facing the insurance industry bodes well for young people coming into the business. Young people don't want to come in to a business when there's 1 or 2 people in an office. They want to be a part of a large global organization where they see career opportunities to come in, learn the trade, be successful in what they're doing and then have career steps to go on up. I believe that as this business consolidates, regardless of whether it's 30 acquisitions a year or 50 or 100, the fact that larger brokers will have a competitive advantage about hiring young talent that will eventually, for the person that chooses not to sell out their -- let's say, their family agency or their own agency, our ability just to sell through them will continue. I think that is a wave that's going to come over the next 10 years. And the smaller ones that choose not to sellout will have a hard time recruiting and perpetuating their agency. And most of them, their kids don't necessarily want to come in and take over mom or dad's agency. So that's a big advantage to us when it comes to our global size and then just sheer size in Australia and New Zealand and the U.K. 
J. Gallagher: I know you know the U.S. market, too, but I mean, it's amazing to me. When you look at the Business Insurance July article every year, they rank the top 100 agents and brokers in the United States, to beat #100, you got to do $22 million of total revenue. So if there are 18,000 of them, there's 17,900 smaller than $20 million. 
Scott Heleniak: No, I definitely know it's fragmented here, I just was wondering out there, but that's definitely good detail. The only other question I had was just on the Oval Group, which was a pretty good size deal for you guys, too, over $100 million of revenue. I'm just wondering if you could touch on that, just kind of talk about what you found most attractive about that property because that's obviously a big deal for you guys, too. 
J. Gallagher: Yes, we're very excited about that. It's almost kind of, in a sense, too bad that the Wesfarmers didn't hit when it hit because it kind of overwhelms what we're doing around the rest of the world. But Oval is a terrific, terrific fit for us. As Doug mentioned in his comment about the margin, if you look at what we're doing in the U.K., Heath did have some corporate risk management business, by and large, was mostly what we refer to as SME, small and middle-market. And when we did Giles, it was very much the same. It was actually some very small and middle-market stuff. What we like about Oval is that it fits really nicely right on top. It's very heavily driven by upper-middle-market corporate-type risks, a very solid team of people, very well-lead, and it just fits very nicely into what we're doing without a lot of overlap in terms of client direction and client targets. So if you think about it as kind of like the slices of the pie, this one fits in really nicely, kind of completing the whole pie. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. And the management team that comes along with Oval, too, is tremendous. Peter Blanc and his team over there, I think, are excellent, excellent brokers. Now they like to sell insurance, and that fits well with us. 
J. Gallagher: And by the way, I might as -- I'd like to mention this while I've got the public on. These were properties -- Giles, Oval, Bollinger and now, Wesfarmers, these are properties that, frankly, our competition really, really wanted. So I couldn't be prouder of our team in landing these. These are some ones that could have easily been picked up by our competitors, and we're very pleased that we were able to succeed. 
Operator: Thank you. And it seems we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over for closing remarks. 
Douglas Howell: Well, I'll start, and I'll let Pat end. On the financial basis, I couldn't be more pleased with how we've performed. This is another quarter of excellent financial performance on all of our units. Listen, I think that when you look at something on a quarter-by-quarter basis, the consistency of our results, the delivery of our performance, nothing's smooth in real business. It's pretty smooth on an Excel spreadsheet, but it's not necessarily smooth when you actually do it, and our team continues to execute against the plan, well financially disciplined. And I think as the CFO, our financial metrics are -- continue to improve quarter-by-quarter, and I think the team has done a tremendous job out there in order to deliver on those results. 
J. Gallagher: And I'd just add that when I look around the network and, as you all know, I have a chance to travel the network pretty extensively, the team is really, really turned on. We're focused on selling new business and keeping what we've got. The culture is solid, and I can say it on a global basis. And as we finish up a great quarter in the first quarter, we're excited about the rest of 2014 and quite honestly, it's good to be us. Thanks for being on the call. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 09:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Douglas K. Howell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division Alex lopez - Portales Partners, LLC Chris Leikhim
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher &. Company's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Brenda, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and year end conference call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Today, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer; and the heads of our operating divisions. Simply said, I could not be any prouder of our team and our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. We're working towards a strong finish as we entered the fourth quarter and the team surpassed even my high expectations. I simply could not have asked for better performance from our team. Literally, every division across the globe contributed to our record results. Combined Brokerage and Risk Management had adjusted revenue of 18%, 6.2% of that was organic, 22% growth in adjusted EBITDAC. These are outstanding results. Brokerage and Risk Management segments combined grew our adjusted revenue in the year $369 million. This is a real testament to our sales culture. Everyone of us in the company understands everywhere in the world that we get up every day and we understand that our number one job is to keep the clients we have and to attract new clients. We all understand that nothing happens until somebody rings the cash register. We continue to get stronger and stronger every quarter every year. Today we've proven that any account of any size anywhere in the world we can serve. That is exciting. On the mergers and acquisitions front, 2013 was a banner year. We completed 31 transactions, 2 of which were really sizable. Bollinger in the Northeast and Giles in the U.K., added significantly to our revenue base in both locations. Including the other 29 completed acquisitions, we approached $400 million of acquired revenue and $130 million of annualized EBITDAC. We paid a blended multiple of about 7.6x, which we believe is a fair and reasonable multiple and we only had to use about 1/4 of the aggregate purchase price in our stock. All our partners had choices. I'm proud they chose to join Gallagher and I want to welcome them to our growing family. And our pipeline going into 2014 is very robust. So expect 2014 to be another strong merger and acquisition year. In 2013, our workforce expanded by about 2,600 people, almost all of whom joined us through the merger and acquisition process. We like to say that we added 2,600 more brains, who are working in our culture and our niches in our specialties add incredible firepower. These new colleague add tremendously to our capabilities and our opportunity to continue to grow. Let me add some color now by business line. I'll start with property/casualty retail in the United States. We had a strong new business year, a great acquisition year and solid retention of accounts in the year. We saw our rate increases throughout the year and we saw the economy show signs of getting healthier. Yet, think about this, only about 1%, in fact less than 1% of our organic growth, came from rate in the economy this quarter. So for 2014, as we look at the rates, we expect the property/casualty market to remain stable with increases on most lines being somewhere in the order of 2% to 3%. The one exception to that would be larger property schedules in areas that have not experienced severe losses. And frankly, those customers deserve a decrease after a number of years of benign weather. But my continued surveys of our people show underwriters continue to account underwrite and they understand that there's loss cost inflation. Managements have shown discipline for 3 years and carrier managements continue to tell us to expect the same in the future. They must maintain their discipline because if they don't, they won't have a return. Adequate returns can only be driven by underwriting profits. So if discipline remains and rates are flat to up 2% to 3%, we should see solid organic growth from our new business efforts. On our wholesale business, we had strong organic growth in 2013 and we see business startups, primary market discipline continuing to present our wholesaler RPS, Risk Placement Services, with great opportunities. RPS is the largest MGA operation in the United States, according to Business Insurance magazine. Our program business is seeing good growth opportunities and our open market Brokerage is receiving good submission activity. On our benefits business, 2013 we were lifted by our clients and prospects need for help with the new healthcare act. Sorting through new regulations, consulting around exchanges and helping clients decide how all of this fits into their HR strategy will continue to be a boom for us in 2014. Our international property/casualty business has been our fastest-growing business. Not only did we do one of our largest acquisitions in 2013, that was Giles, but our organic growth in the international PC World was the highest of the group. We were strong in the U.K., Australia, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean. Our opportunities to expand outside the United States are growing because we now have platforms around the world that allow us to pursue bolt-on and folded acquisitions, and we will see more activity in that regard in 2014. Our Risk Management business had 9.3% organic growth in 2013, and we successfully completed a number of customer-based investments in systems, people and capabilities. This is leading us to our best new business start in 2014 in 7 years. Plus, we had a carrier outsourcing arrangement that we started at January 1 that will be over $12 million in revenue. We continue to see great opportunities to be an outsourced partner to the underwriting community. Our investments in Gallagher Bassett are paying off in customer wins in what is a very competitive environment, and GB was named the best U.S. TPA by the voting readers of Business Insurance magazine. And finally, our shareholders had a great win in 2013. Shareholders received a 40% return including dividends for the full year in 2013. In our last board meeting, we increased our dividend again. Okay. 2013 is over and we're off and running in 2014. The moves we make, acquisitions, organic higher systems investments in 2013 should put us in a very good position for continued growth in 2014. We are bullish. Most importantly, this is really critical. As I travel throughout our global network, I can tell you that our unique Gallagher culture is thriving. Teamwork is everywhere, clients are being served exceptionally well, our people are turned on, excited by our growing capabilities and will believe we're just getting started. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. It's nice to have a great quarter and I'm encouraged about our prospects in 2014. We'll start on Page 2 with the Brokerage segment. Like Pat said, a terrific quarter and a terrific year. In the quarter, you'll see the integration costs related to Bollinger and Giles, which were right in line with what we discussed in our last conference call. You will also see severance primarily related to management redundancies, as we consolidate a number of our similar international operations under common leadership. That process is going very well and looking towards 2014, expect to see $0.03 per quarter in total for integration and severance, as we continue to bring our various operations together. Statement of Brokerage, we're turning to Page 3, to the revenue table at the top. Some flavor behind the organic 5.8%. First, you should know that we did have a few nonrecurring wins that fueled organic by about 20 to 30 basis points in the fourth quarter. Those are great wins to have, but not likely recurring revenues next year in the fourth quarter. Second, when I look at the organic across our various Brokerage units, all performed very close to the mid-5% -- mid-5% range in the U.S. That's our retail units, our wholesale units and our benefits units. They're all right near the average. International, as Pat said, was in the upper-single digits. Third, you heard it from Pat, but it deserves a special mention. I went back and I looked at the last 12 quarters of organic growth. During that time, there's not been one single quarter or more than 1% of our organic growth came from rate and exposure. We just sell more than we lose, we're not overly sensitive to slightly up or slightly down rates and we grew even during a time of a sputtering economy. It simply shows that we should have continued organic growth, especially as the economy gathers steam, even should rates become a little bit flattish. Moving to the Brokerage operating tables on Page 3, and then to the overall adjusted EBITDAC margin on Page 4. Comp is down, operating is flat, which resulted in EBITDAC being up 100 basis points. That is right in line to what we thought in the last call, but some comments behind the margin. First as we discussed last quarter, Bollinger and now Giles too are seasonally a bit smaller in the fourth quarter. So to the extent they were a little drag on margins that was offset by a little bit of margin lift coming from the nonrecurring wins I mentioned just before. Either way, they just offset each other. Second, recall that a year ago, we took the proactive step to reduce our workforce to offset most of the underlying inflation in salaries, benefits and health and welfare. As we come into 2014, while we do have some operational improvement initiatives and I do feel like we can continue to shift more work to lower-cost labor locations, there is some underlying workforce inflation. So we're now back to our message track of about 18 months ago. If we don't have greater than 3% organic growth, don't model much of any margin expansion, other than about 80 basis points because of Bollinger and Giles, which were on higher margins. Third, it's time for my annual reminder. Recall that our Brokerage segment is extremely seasonal with our first quarter, by far the smallest. So please make sure we factored that seasonality into your quarterly spreads. When you get down, step back and make sure you don't see much of any year-over-year margin expansion in the first quarter. Moving to the Brokerage segment, non-EBITDAC line items for 2014. For amortization, assume about $39 million of expense per quarter; for acquisition earn out amortization expense, assume about $4 million per quarter; and for depreciation, assume about $11 million of expense per quarter. Then as we do more M&A, for every dollar we spend, you need to increase amortization by about 1% of the purchase price per quarter and that will get you close. Okay. Let's shift to the Risk Management back on page -- Risk Management segment back on Page 2. As we discussed on our last call, you'll see the ramp up costs associated with our new insurance carrier relationship. You'll also see severance as that segment also consolidated some leadership roles. As we convert IT systems for the carrier runoff of[ph], expect to see about $1 million to $1.5 million at quarter in integration costs running through the third quarter of 2014. Turning to Page 4, to the Risk Management organic table. It was a strong quarter and a strong year. And as Pat mentioned, with the new -- the good new business pipeline and with our new carrier relationship, we should have revenue growth in the upper-single digits in 2014. Let's move to the bottom of Page 4 to the compensation table. You saw it in Pat's comments and you also see in the comp ratio -- that our comp ratio spiked up in the fourth quarter. We got hit with a few more really severe medical claims right at the end of the year, which cost us nearly $2 million. It looks like it's just a blip and it's unfortunate that it hit us late in the year. Looking to Page 5, you'll see that we had nice improvement in our operating expense ratio in the Risk Management segment. This is even, while we invested some of that on client services enhancements. So nice work by the team on that line. Moving on to the adjusted EBITDAC margin for Risk Management, we hit that 15.8%, which was very -- for the year, which is very close to our target of 16 points. Looking forward to 2014, we are again targeting 16 points of adjusted margin, which at that level, still provides us the opportunity to make further investments into the business. And finally on Risk Management, as for the noncash items, assume about $6 million a quarter of depreciation and about $1 million a quarter amortization expense in 2014 and you'll be close. Okay. Let's shift to Page 5 to the corporate segment. In total, the fourth quarter was right in line with our forecast. A little better earnings from clean energy was offset little -- by a little more acquisition costs related to Giles, but right in line. For the year, our clean energy investment team nearly doubled their earnings from 2012 and they're already hard at work optimizing existing plants and rolling out the remaining plants. We should better 2013's earnings and we are still seeing those investments as a nice funding source for our M&A program. When modeling the corporate segment, we encourage you to model the segment using the shortcut table format that we provide on Page 14 of our investors supplement. We've now provided our first range of estimates for 2014 for all 4 components of the corporate segment. Interest, M&A and Corporate are relatively straightforward, but and you've heard me say this before, when it comes to the clean energy line item, earnings for the year can be difficult to predict, so we provided a wide range. Please make sure your models in note highlight that possibility. Also please take a look at the note on Page 15 of the supplement. That explains it because we're so seasonally small in the first quarter, we are likely to warehouse between $0.15 to $0.19 of credits in the first quarter, which then get recognized over the following 3 quarters. It all washes out by the end of the year, but it does produce some volatility in our quarterly results. Finally, some comments on capital management. Since our last call, we announced that we've closed on a $600 million round of private placements that we will draw down in late February, and we also filed a $200 million aftermarket or dribble out equity offering. Between our free cash flow in 2014, to dribble out our line of credit and the ability to use stock in acquisitions, we are well-positioned to continue our M&A program. And as for shares outstanding, it's looking like the fully diluted weighted shares outstanding for the first quarter will be about 138 million shares. As for the remaining quarters, that will mostly depend on our M&A levels. So when I step back and I boil it all down, in 2013 our combined core operations were up double digits on all measures and we doubled our earnings on clean energy, clearly an outstanding year. And as we move into 2014, we are in a near of rational rate setting, it seems the economy is getting better by most all measures and we have an M&A pipeline that's pages long, with fine agencies and brokers that want to join us. We have a team that's highly experienced and embedded in a rock solid culture that we think will excel in 2014. So I like what we did this year and I think next year holds good things, too. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Brenda, we're ready for questions, hopefully some answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Just -- was wondering about the tax rate in Brokerage. Was there anything unusual there?
Douglas K. Howell: No, and we did drop down a percentage but that's basically because of our -- the weight of our international operations. They're in lower tax locations. So it's -- we hope to see continued downward movement in that, but we dropped a point this year just because of that.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Just a forward-looking question, is there any appetite to increase your leverage to fund future acquisitions? Are you still thinking of kind of 2x EBITDA?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think so. I think that when we do 2x EBITDA as probably right where we want to be, there'll be sometimes it will round up to 2x to 2x, 3x. And then as the earnings move into the financial statements, it will drop back down around 2x. But that still gives us plenty of cushion related to our covenants, it still keeps us in the investment grade level. So I think that somewhere in that 2x range is right where we want to be.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: And what is that cushion at now?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, they -- I -- we think that investment grade trips at about 2.75x EBITDA. And then -- but our covenants are at 3.25x.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I feel -- I thought that in the commentary, you were quite bullish on the top line outlook for '14 and beyond. So given where pricing is, I feel very good on top line. Can you talk a bit about margins? Because the corporation is kind of perched at levels that we've never seen before on the margin front, really got to go back to '04. So what I'm wondering is, if you can compare and contrast Gallagher today versus maybe '04, when margins last peaked and how can you kind of run through the previous peaks and keep going higher from here to grow margin specifically because again, we feel really good on the top line outlook as it seems you do as well.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes Greg, thanks for the comment and just that overarching comment on margin. That's when you go back to 2004, with the changes in stock-based compensation and when you look at just the differences in accounting, our margins are actually better than ever before in the Brokerage space. So we feel very good about that and our Risk Management is always been kind of in this 15% to 17% range when it comes. That's just the nature of the business.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Which is a leading margin in that industry, by the way?
Douglas K. Howell: So we feel good about that margins at that level. Do we see opportunity for margin expansion going forward? I've said that if we're not above 3% organic, we probably won't see much else than the impact of acquisitions to increase or decrease depending on the franchises that we buy. But by and large, we're in an interesting era right now. If you look at our operating expenses, we have driven that down into the 16%, 17% range. We just don't spend money on things that aren't people. We think that we have opportunities to continue to leverage our offshore centers of excellence that do tremendous workforce. And we think there's some technology opportunities as we've rolled in. Behind the scenes here, the retail business has converted all of its different agency systems onto one platform here. I think only a couple of acquisition locations haven't been converted on yet. So we're making some improvements in technology. But there is underlying inflation. So where do we see margins going long-term? Give us 5% organic growth for the next 3 years, sure you'd see some organic expansion. At 3%, it's going to be tough to have much more. But again, we think that we're well-positioned. We've never really cut our 401(k), we've never cut back on benefits that we provide to our employees. We've done a good job of keeping our workforce well paid throughout the entire recession and till today. So our future when it comes to workforce, we think of a 60% comp ratio and about a 16% or 17% operating expense ratio is a good spot for Brokerage like us to be.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then any commentary on the other segment, on the Risk Management?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. You heard in my comments that we got hit with some medical claims right at the end of the year. But we think there's a line of sight in that business to keep 16 points of margin. If they can grow in the upper-single digits, we think that's tremendous. No margin compression in organic growth that might be approaching double digit. I don't think it will hit double digit. We think that's good for that franchise. This is a labor-intensive business. Some of the things -- there's some really exciting things that were going on inside of Gallagher Basset right now that really provides a nice value to our client. So we think if we can run that for 16 points at upper-single digits organic growth, that's a good spot for us to be.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then shifting gears, Reinsurance Brokerage. Do you guys do anything there? And I thought in the quarter, you made a move into that space. I'm just trying to size the move in your appetite for growing reinsurance Brokerage.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We have a reinsurance business and we've done reinsurance forever. You'll recall, Greg, that we sold our Gallagher REIT on about 6 years ago. That was an effort that we had a foot to try to go after some of the larger treaties that were being placed around the world, very exciting. In the fourth quarter, we're joined in a partnership by Grahame Chilton, who comes out of Benfield in the startup of a firm called Capscium, which is an effort to start a new reinsurance venture that is primarily based on his past relationships. And so that is a -- we have also done a small acquisition in that space in 2013, 2012 actually. And so we do see opportunities to grow. What you're not going to see us do is throw huge expense dollars at that. We think we've got an opportunity to build something out with Grahame, we're excited about that. He's obviously a well-known person in that industry, he's been very, very successful. We're pleased to have him as a teammate and we think we'll do great things there. But it's not going to be something where we spend millions and millions of dollars to find out if we can do it.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay. If I may, and I don't know if it's appropriate, but did you take a look at the Towers business when it came up?
J. Patrick Gallagher: We did and we did not bid.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to talk about a history of selling appetite for smaller potential acquisitions and contrast that with interest rates. Thinking about 4 years ago versus 2 years ago versus today, what are sellers interested in receiving for their businesses? And does that have a component and how much are you willing to pay based on the cost of cash basically?
Douglas K. Howell: Good question. I think, as Pat said in his comments, if you just look at all 31 of our acquisitions this year, we ended up paying in a blended multiple on EBITDAC of about 7.6x between 7.5x and 7.6x EBITDAC. So that multiple, frankly, has probably moved up one turn in the last 4 or 5 years. Is that interest rate correlated or is it growth correlated? We see it probably as more growth correlated, most of the operations that we're looking at now, do have line of sight to some growth that's consistent with our levels. Do I see it necessarily correlate to whether interest rates are at 4% or 5%? We're just not seeing at that. It doesn't translate quite to that level quite yet.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so if we're thinking about the 10-year rising, that doesn't put a ceiling on multiples in so far as that money is more expensive, you don't view it that way or they don't view it that way. How should I think about the relationship?
Douglas K. Howell: I don't think there's been. And I don't think there's been a view right now that 10-year, that 1% movement in the 10-year, influences that pricing. Clearly, if the 10 year goes up 5%, 7%, 10%, then multiples would come down. But we just -- it's just not that tightly correlated.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: A question on -- with the Sedgwick tinkers to have to chance sale in the TPA market, just wondering if you could just chat a little bit about how that, if it -- if at all changes, the competitive landscape of evaluation seem to be on the rich side from a pretty savvy buyer, does that change the game and where prices may be for acquisitions? But what are the implications of this as you see it?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Bob, first of all, this is Pat. I think, we all know that K.K. Harris very, very smart money and they've made a very big bet in a business that we believed in without hesitation for 30-plus years. And there have been times over that 30-plus years, actually 40-plus years, that we've been questioned as to whether or not we're going in the right direction. And I think it proves the point that this is a very, very dynamic business and a great business. We believe that the claims business is an area that we can excel. It is a competitive landscape. It doesn't change one with what our competition is or what our strategy is with regard to that business. It's just, I think, proves up the fact that it's a very valuable business.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: If the price got 13, 14, 15 EBITDA, is there any price that you become a seller versus or a buyer? Or is this just a business you love regardless of where the private market valuations go?
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is the business I love regardless of valuations and let me tell you why. If you figured that Bob, Robert Hartwig is right at the insurance information institute and that there's something on the order of $1.5 trillion of premium paid in the property/casualty world globally, and you realize that some 60% to 65% of that premium turns into a claim every single year, then where's the money in the insurance business? It's in the claims. And where is the opportunity to help our clients save money? It's in the outcomes as to how well you do those claims. And we think we can prove that our outcomes are superior. When you see major insurance companies outsourcing their business to Gallagher Bassett, essentially saying that they're capital will be better served by our handling their claims, the world is coming our way, Bob. We aren't getting out.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Fair answer. Less significant question on the supplemental contingents continue sort of outperform your sort of guidance going forward. The business has been profitable, perhaps there wasn't a lot of cats underwriters are paying more for good business. So as we look into 2014, is there anything we should be thinking about north, south in the trends there and the acquisitions change the sort of run rate materially?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, good question. First, in the fourth quarter, if you recall, in our third quarter call, we had a couple of million dollars that was up timing shifted from third to the fourth. So when you look at the fourth quarter, that fueled that a little bit, but we talked about that in the third quarter. Looking towards 2014, there are a couple of things that are going on. As we add scale, especially internationally, we should -- we see opportunities there to increase our contingents in our supplementals. We see domestically there, we're holding in there on contingents and supplementals domestically and a flat year would be a good year we think. Now if loss ratios continue to improve, maybe there is some upside there. We are seeing a little bit of a dynamic and remember, we're doing this right as we speak and we're still in the middle of negotiating some of our relationships. We're seeing a little bit of a dynamic of some carriers pushing to move from a supplemental back into a contingent. If that would happen, you'd have a little bit of timing, where instead of recognizing supplementals in 2014, '14 you get it as a contingent in 2015. But overall, we think that the carriers are seeing the value of what we're providing. We see that, we think that the volume and the loss ratio outcomes that are coming with it. I think that were in a stable position to slightly better position in 2014.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And the carriers are having great years, Bob. So that helps us.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes, it just seems like where at the point in the cycle historically, given the profitability is higher and its tougher to grow, they're usually in a position where they're willing to pay a little bit more to get this profitable business. So I think for giving the combined ratio, contingents to supplementals might be rising for the brokers, would you argue with that or is that a fair point?
Douglas K. Howell: I think it's a fair point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Given your comments that less than 1% of Brokerage organic growth came from pricing and exposure, is there any reason why you shouldn't exceed that 3% hurdle organic growth rate even if P&C prices flat and return slightly negative?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No.
Douglas K. Howell: No. I think the question wise is we actually sell about 5% more than we lose. Whether we see margin expansion below 3%, I'm sorry, there's 2 questions in there. We've said that we wouldn't see margin expansion below 3%. But can we see organic growth above 3% with flat rate? The answer is yes.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, I was just focusing on the organic. Okay, great. And what's more important, the economy or P&C pricing for your organic growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The economy.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes actually, if you go back and look at it in some of our investor presentations, we plot out what rate increases are versus our organic. And even intangible we we're dropping, that rates were dropping, 10%, 15% we were showing organic growth, plus or minus, breakeven. So you can see there that the economy does have the ability, if you go back from let's say, 2003, 2004 through 2007, even with rate -- deep substantial rate decreases going on in the insurance pricing, we had a robust economy and we are still growing gangbusters back then.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then finally, could you elaborate a little more on this carrier outsourcing deal that you want Gallagher Bassett? And what sort of opportunity do you see that as longer term?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it's a great arrangement wherein we've essentially taken over a claims organization for an insurance company. Those people willed in to our employment. And we going forward, will be their outsourced claim provider and they'll be the capital provider and the underwriter. I see huge opportunity in this regard. If you take all the startup capital that's moved itself to Bermuda then wants to come onshore, one of the last things these carriers want to do is build infrastructure. Right? So they want to come on board and here's the analogy I use, if you want to get in the trucking business and you're an offshore capital provider, you can do that by coming onshore, getting the licensing you need, et cetera, making sure that you got all the licenses and the rates and what have you, and you can hire an underwriting team and you're in the business. You don't want to have a bunch of adjustors sitting across 40 states waiting for accidents to happen. So what we can do is say, look, when you have the accident, dial this 800 number. Our people are on site as fast as can be, we got a very professional adjudication team, we're all over this thing. We can manage -- we can manage every component of the claim, from the early onset through the litigation. And you don't have to have infrastructure. And by the way, we'll do it better than you do it, if you hired your own claim people. And we'll show you that and prove that with our outcomes. What's the opportunity there? Limitless.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just had a couple of quick follow-ups. I know you'd mentioned before the joint venture within reinsurance brokers. I was just curious what drove this vision to get in at this particular point in time?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's very simple, the individual became available.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, that is very simple. Fair enough. And the other question, just in terms of the margins, I know we said there was kind of a one-off within the Risk Management. So just kind of looking forward to the fourth quarter of 2014, is it fair to kind of assume that roughly that 15/8 guidance that was originally in place for the fourth quarter of '13 should materialize then?
Douglas K. Howell: We actually are targeting 16 points for the year. There might be a little tick up, a little tick below that on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But we think we have good line of sight that our Risk Management segment can pose 16 points of adjusted EBITDAC margin for all of 2014. And there might be a slight little variances on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But I hope we don't have another handful of claims like we had next year.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Definitely. And then finally, in terms of the -- you've mentioned in the past that most of the competitors within Brokerage tend to be smaller, smaller players. I guess going forward, you've mentioned in the comments today, again, that Gallagher can service clients of any size. Is there any shift in strategy looking forward the next couple of years to sort of compete more in the larger client space or?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well I should -- let me answer that. We compete across the full spectrum. If you look at the insurance industry as a pyramid and at the top of the pyramid is the Fortune 1000, we're represented in that Fortune 1000. We do a very good job on a number of large accounts that would be brand names that I won't mention on the conference call, that we're very proud to have as customers. As you go down that pyramid to the very bottom with your small personal lines accounts, we play very well in the affinity space, which is very small accounts that are done electronically or by call center what have you. So the full spectrum we compete. There is no shift in strategy, we want to get stronger in every sector we play in. If you look at the acquisition activity, to be a Business Insurance United States Top 100 broker, #100 last year did like $22 million in total revenue. So we believe there is about 18,000 agencies in America. Some say there's as many as 30,000, but we believe there's about 18,000. That means there's 17,900 smaller than $20 million in revenue. We know this because we measure it. 85% of the time when we go out in the competition in the field, we're competing with somebody who's smaller than we are. So we compete 15% of the time with our larger competitors. No change in strategy. We continue to focus on each layer of that pyramid and we want to get bigger and stronger in every category. And the important thing about that is it matters out in the marketplace. The bigger we get, as I said in my prepared remarks, we add brainpower to the organization, that improves our niche capability, it improves our specialties, it helps us in the Risk Management world and it helps us in the small account world. And when again, you go to a business that's as vast as the insurance businesses, our growth opportunities in virtually every category are almost limitless. So yes, we will continue to compete hard in that upper middle market. And into the larger accounts, but we see great opportunities to expand through the whole spectrum.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I've just a couple of questions, I think you touched on the benefits business in the past. I mean could you give us a little bit more color on kind of what's happening there, maybe break out a bit more if you could on the organic growth, the competitive environment, M&A and kind of how you're kind of building out your strategy in that area?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure. I'd love to tackle that and if you've got any further questions I'm happy to have Jim Durkin chime in. The benefits business, I think we've been fortunate that a number of years ago, we organized ourselves into separating the benefits from the property/casualty arena. So we've been building a benefits business as a separate organization called Gallagher Benefit Services for the last 20-plus years. We believe 20 years ago that, that was a separate expertise and I think we've been proved right in that regard. So today, what we find ourselves as is more of a consultant than a broker in that business. The insurance companies have consolidated down to very few players and it's not really about going out and getting a cheap price for our client on their benefits business. It really is about stepping back and looking at what their HR strategy is, what their total pay strategy is and seeing if we can help them both design that strategy, as well as implement how benefits fit in that business. Now that's become extremely complicated. 15 years ago, we didn't have a compliance person on staff. Today, we have 25 compliance people, 17 of them are lawyers. We're not running a law firm, these are helping our clients with the compliance obligations they have under the law. And that goes all the way back to ERISA and comes through to PPACA. So it's a very complicated business once you get 200 lives or more in your group and we're very, very good at that. Now what that's fueling is heavy acquisition opportunity because if you're a smaller broker with a bunch of 200 to 300 to 1,000 to 5,000 life cases, you can't deal with the new law, just that simple. You think you can, you start down that road, but you can't. And so what's happening is that the smarter entrepreneurs that have got great client relationships, are joining Gallagher Benefit Services so they could go out to their clients which is exactly what they should be doing and saying, "We really do have the capability to handle all this complicated stuff that you're facing as it relates to benefits." The organic growth there is about in line to a little bit better than our PC growth. But I think that, that will increase as the mandates and as the complications of the new law become more apparent to our clients. I think we have a position now in our -- in a competitive state where many of our smaller competitors are telling their clients "not to worry, we're on top of it." But when they begin to find out how really complicated this act is, we think that there could be thousands of pages of regs coming out. I think our organic growth will continue to surpass what we're seeing in other lines. It's a very exciting time for us. Our people are working incredibly hard. Every small account is trying to figure out what to do, every client is trying to figure out whether they want to use an exchange, do they want to go to define contribution, Are they going to stay with define benefits, are there going to be self-insured, are they going to be fully insured are they -- what are they going to do? They can't sort that out themselves. They need help and that's a real boom for us.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And would you at some point consider breaking that out? So we can see that because if you see it's obviously a very different business from your -- if it's more of consultative capacity, it's certainly a very different business than the Brokerage business.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it certainly not. Its -- I say that we're more consultative in that. But in all fairness, our property/casualty businesses is very consultative as well. You get down into the affinity and it's a straight price play. But when you look at what we're doing as a property casualty Brokerage, it's the same. So we really do think of them as very similar businesses and spend an awful lot of time trying to make sure we cross-sell those businesses.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I see. And then have you spoken about kind of what the margin like, how big that business is, as a percentage of the total and what the sort of margin profile of that business is, have you given that information?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, we have. We're between $500 million and $600 million of revenue on it. And the margins in that earn the mid to upper 20s margin, too. So it performs in line with the broader Brokerage business we've been on [indiscernible] so we have a good shot.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then one question that I have on the supplementals and contingents, what is the margin on those relative to your traditional commissions?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, it depends. I mean, we don't actually have a [indiscernible] but generally, the supplementals and contingents fund a lot of our management, our field management bonus pools and everything that's where, we don't -- supplementals and contingents are not subject -- in most cases, subject to formulas for the field production SaaS. Although it's a higher margin, clearly, but it most -- and we've always said, 70% or 75% that hit the bottom line something like that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then let's, just -- you mentioned talking about a prior comment, was it partnering with alternative capital in reinsurance? Or was it partnering with new startups on the insurance side? I wasn't totally clear.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I started a partnership with Graham Shelton in the U.K. in a Caps-- we're calling the business Capsicum Re. And it's a reinsurance brokerage operation.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I see. And you view that as a prototype for potentially doing similar transactions in the U.S. or with Bermudans or potentially?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, we don't really see that as something we probably be doing in the United States. But we've done partnership arrangements around the globe before. We started in Perth, Australia, with a equity investment that then went to 100% majority. We started -- we have a good partnership in the Caribbean with what we think is the strongest broker down there, which we own 80%. And you might recall that 1 year ago, we took a position in our Mexican partner. So we like that approach around the globe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I think you mentioned that this is the best new business start in 7 years. Could you expand on that? Are you talking about the business in its entirety? And are you taking into account the growth through acquisitions?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I was talking about Gallagher Bassett in particular, Mark. We just had a really good start to the year. We haven't put any numbers out there, not publishing any numbers. But that's a business that can be lumpy because they're often times dealing with large accounts. And we just -- you typically win less than 50% of what you're working on. And for January 1, we won a lot more than 50%. It was a very good start.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes we're seeing, Mark, we're seeing some really nice receptivity by prospects for some of the enhancements that we're making in our systems and our capabilities. And I think that there's a good message that's going out that we're outcome-based on what they should be -- the outcomes that we produce are better than what they were doing before whether they were the carrier of different TPA. And there we're been able to demonstrate that better. So that's translated in some nice new sales for us.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: How about the underlying claims frequency in the Risk Management business, any change in trend there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It’s up about 1.5% to 2%, Mark.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: About the same?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, about the same. That is an interesting proxy for the economy, by the way.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. And then in the wholesale business, I think you said, you'd mentioned startups accelerating. And are you seeing any distinction? Are you seeing small businesses perhaps?
J. Patrick Gallagher: What I'm talking about, when I make those comments, I'm speaking all about small businesses. Our MGAs, in particular, do well when strip malls are filling up, taverns are starting, stuff that the regular market is not going to participate in. And we need that economic activity to fuel those MGAs, and we're seeing good activity there.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is getting better, is it accelerating?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I would say it is accelerating.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Dan Farrell with Stern Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a question on Brokerage margin again. If -- once you get past the 3% sort of inflationary pressure on expense that you talk about, can you remind us how you think about the mix of fixed and variable cost? I'm just trying to think about in excess of 3%, how much could potentially fall to the bottom line?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, it's a complicated question -- an answer. But here we go. First and foremost, if you assume, the same wage workforce inflation that we've had for the last 5 years, which is basically been not that much, if you assume that when you get over 3% organic growth, 60% of that growth should contribute to margin because we pay the producer about 30% of it and we have field management. And then you get into the volume issues, is that a growth coming because we're just changing the 0s on a policy? Clearly, that's more margin accretive than it is if were having to go out and compete for new business where we're providing substantial quotes, lots of proposals. And if it's a heavy service load new client where there's lots of certificates of insurance, lot of our auto ID cards, and that's not as margin accretive. So it depends on the nature of this, if it's just 0s on the policy, assume 60% of that should contribute to the bottom line. If it's just having -- giving more bit bonds, giving more if our construction practice goes on, their proposing on 1,000 projects and we're having to provide the insurance quotes on each of those and only one of those closes, that's not as profitable as it is, if we got a contractor that just continues to grow as an existing customer. So a complicated answer. But by and large, when you get over 3%, there's a little bit that can hit the bottom line in total and in this wage environment, in this workforce environment at this point.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then on the clean energy, your guidance says -- like have ranged of $63 million to $80 million. If I was to compare that to your ultimate targets, which combined with the royalty income, looks like it would be more like $110 million annually. How much potential is there going forward to close that gap further? What needs to be done? And then also can you just update us on any update with regard to maybe monetizing your ownership within Chem-Mod?
Douglas K. Howell: First, as you know, we said let's work backwards. On monetizing Chem-Mod, we're going through a strategic alternative process with that, we put that on hold a little bit towards the end of 2013, but we'll pick that up again here in '14. In terms of the opportunity to further expand more production out of existing plants, and we see that we're constantly trying to optimize the use of existing plants. We still have 6 plants that haven't been moved to the final resting places yet. That activity, there's a good pipeline for that. We're proposing on a lot of locations. Where would I like to be by the end of 2014? I would like to have all plans at least permanent installation construction by that time. I think that's a realistic goal. So do we have a line of sight of getting to improving off of 2014 range? Yes, we do, we think there is still further opportunities there. Remember our objective however, is to get these all in, then monetize down so that we own between 20% and 40% of the plants. So we have a portfolio of 34 plants, so that vagaries in any one plant, whether its running today or not running, whether is down for service or not, it kind of washes out in the diversification across the portfolio of plans. We do have good line of sight to that, there's good positive momentum on construction, chemistry, tax accounting. All of these things, we see there's good momentum in this space. So 2014 should be another year of ramping up to better position us for '15.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from the line of John Campbell with Stephens.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Pat, you mentioned in last year's 4Q[ph] call that you guys are just seeing some positive momentum in just building through, I guess, just increasingly positive audits. If you can just talk a little bit about how you're seeing that this year versus last year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure. I mean, I think the natural yin and yang in the business is that as you're approaching your renewal, carriers want to make sure the exposure units are quoted appropriately. And clients want to make sure that they low-ball it. And so between the lowball and the end audit, you get back to what's the right number. So we have seen -- we are in positive audit territory. We have been for a number of years. I think, we're probably approaching what is more like parity though, where the actual exposure units that are being placed on the policy at renewal are kind of closer to what they actually should be. So we are in positive territory. This is not 20%, 30%. These are small incremental audits that do give us line of sight into what we've been saying for a number of quarters, is an improving economy. It's not an economy that we see going robust, we are not seeing, for instance, on the benefit's side, a whole -- any kind of real addition of headcount to our client's employment. People doing everything they can to hold back on that, which does translate, however, into a very successful growth with our temporary health firms. But we are in positive territory, it's not huge. But clients businesses are doing better.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, let me just put it in perspective financially for you. We're talking in all of 2012, I think our net positive audits were $1 million. And in '13, it was a similar number. So and then in the depths of the recession, we might have had just net negative audits of $0.5 million to $1 million something like that. So it just doesn't swing that much for us as a broker.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Doug, just from a new debt, all in interest expense, around $17 million or so a quarter, is that pretty fair?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The blended rate on that $600 million was 4.7% on $600 million. So 4.7x $600 million is about $14 million a quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: On the new debt.
Douglas K. Howell: On the new debt, right.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of. . .
Douglas K. Howell: I misspoke it, it's $7 million a quarter. Sorry guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Lopez with Portales Partners.
Alex lopez - Portales Partners, LLC: I guess just following up on the notion of cross-selling, what kind of top line opportunities do you see moving forward i.e. like how much can this add to your top line?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, cross-selling is one of those things it’s the Holy Grail right? I mean we're -- we've studied our books of business across our divisions, where we've been exceptionally good is making sure that our wholesaling operation garners the opportunities that our property/casualty division has in the E&S market. We now captured about 50% of our E&S placements into our own wholesale Risk Placement Services. We're probably captured 85% to 90% of the placements that the organization makes in London -- into our London specialty group. Where we have great opportunity and we have not had the depth of penetration that I'd like to see is between our property/casualty operation and our employee benefits operation, we think there's great, great opportunity there. All in cross-selling though, I would say for 2013 between benefits and PC, probably contributed about $9 million of total revenue to the company.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Leikhim with William Blair.
Chris Leikhim: Just a quick one on acquisition activity. It seems like it's picking up a little bit in the U.K. and Europe. Are you guys seeing anything attractive going on there in the underlying environment or more just opportunistic buying for the pipeline?
Douglas K. Howell: I think it's 2 things. First, on the economy, the U.K. economy is actually doing pretty well right now. There's been some nice recovery there on the fundamentals and so we're seeing that as a nice opportunity. I also think though, it's more that the aspect that when we bought Heath Lambert a couple of years ago, it really made a statement that we had a serious interest in the retail presence across the U.K. Before we've been primarily wholesale in the London market broker. So the -- I think it’s just we're getting presented with more opportunities. We think that there's a view now with the Giles acquisition that we have a focus on the retail space. The brokers over there are very keenly aware of what we do here in the United States. They like our niches, they like our resources. And I think they see that there's an opportunity for them moving from a small independent to teaming up with Gallagher is a great opportunity from the grow[ph]. I think we're just getting presented with more opportunities also.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also I'd say, Chris, the U.K. market in the Brokerage space got very overheated a number of years ago. There were a number of these opportunities that we looked at. And the multiples were off the Richter scale and you now have private equity firms that are having to bite the bullet and realize that they've got to exit. And expectations in pricing has come much more in to line with what we're comfortable paying. And so it's been a great opportunity as one of the people that kept their powder dry to be able to move into that market and actually get reasonable multiples to bring these teams aboard, as Doug said, who are excited to be part of what we're building as a team.
Chris Leikhim: Great. Are the multiples similar over there to what you sort of quoted for the full year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Chris Leikhim: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the benefits conversation. Any thoughts from you guys end on the Liazon acquisition by Towers Watson? And are you rethinking your strategic approach to exchanges? And sort of how are you looking at the selling season going into 2014?
J. Patrick Gallagher: The Liazon acquisition by Towers, we've been very pleased with how Towers has reacted and their commitments to us. Towers spent a very significant amount of money for that acquisition. They're not going to buy that business to wreck it. In fact, we've got very good discussions with them on the fact that they want Gallagher Benefit Services to continue to be clearly one of their strongest partners. We had good success with that platform. We have about 32,000 employees that are presently signed up to be on that platform. We see line of sight to probably over 100,000 employees going on to the platform sometime during 2014. And we think it will be a good partnership. But we've also been very clear, Chris, that this is not our only exchange. We view the exchanges as platforms and markets. And our job is to consult with clients as to where the best place for them to place their employees will be. And if that's a state exchange for 1 client and Liazon for another, that's how we're going to play it. We're a pure consultant.
Operator: And since we have no further questions at this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over for closing comments.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. Thank you, Brenda. Again, everyone, thank you for being with us this morning. We are really pleased with our 2013 results, I know you could probably tell by the tenor in the room here, we're pretty darn excited about 2014 opportunities. I think we're building an exceptional franchise that has phenomenal prospects for continued growth. Consider this one little factoid, we did our first $400 million of total revenue in 1995, and we grew the enterprise by that much in 2013. And as I said earlier, we really believe we're just getting started. So thanks for being with us this morning. We appreciate it and we look forward to talking with you at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Douglas K. Howell - Chief Financial Officer James W. Durkin - President
Analysts: Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher &. Company's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Patrick Gallagher, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your being with us this morning. Today, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as the heads of our operating divisions. We had a very active quarter and I'm very pleased with our accomplishments and financial performance. First, our results were excellent. Frankly, our operating teams hit the ball out of the park this quarter. On a combined basis, Brokerage and Risk Management were up 13% for the quarter on adjusted revenue, 6.2% of that was organic and adjusted EBITDAC is up 17% for the quarter. Year-to-date, adjusted revenue is up 15%, that equates to $256 million of additional revenue, adjusted EBITDAC is up 20% or over $74 million. Let me talk a little about the Brokerage segment. As I said we had an outstanding quarter. Adjusted revenues up 15%, organic revenues grew 5.5%, our continuing testament to our sales and service culture. Adjusted EBITDAC was up 20% and our margin expanded 120 basis points. Really, frankly, an incredible quarter. Virtually all of our Brokerage operations globally contributed to our growth in the third quarter. This morning, I'd like to add some color in 3 specific areas of our Brokerage segment: The first is the property-casualty rate environment and I want to talk about our recent trip to the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers meeting. Secondly, mergers and acquisition, we had an incredible quarter. And thirdly, employee benefits especially concentrating on private insurance exchanges. First on the rate environment. The CIAB quarterly survey shows rates rising again in the third quarter by an average of 3.4%. Earlier this month, we spent 5 days meeting with more than 20 senior management teams of our insurance company partners at the CIAB meeting. I came away very encouraged that the present environment of sensible underwriting will continue. Every leadership team we spent time with were clear. They knew exactly where they are or not making money. They have very detailed understanding of their loss cost inflation numbers. They want their people to account underwrite and to insist on rate increases where wanted. In this investment environment, they have to make money by successfully underwriting accounts. Again this quarter, we saw rates across most lines moving up, an exception to that is catastrophe exposed property. Clearly, our customer should expect some relief on the cat side, but [ph] the wind hasn't blown. But especially in Worker's Compensation, South Central U.S. property and most lines of casualty, rates continue to increase. This is a fair environment for our clients. We'd rather see rates rise in single-digit increments rather than 50%, 60% or 100% jumps. This is an orderly market, but one that our capabilities shine through in give us an advantage. In our results, less than 1% of our organic growth is coming from rate and exposure growth. So you can see the kind of growth we can produce if we can just maintain a flat market. We are clearly in a great spot that looks like it will continue. Secondly, let me move to Mergers and Acquisitions. We had a record third quarter. Most noteworthy in August, we closed on Bollinger and then in September, we announced Giles, which we expect close in the next few weeks after final regulatory approval. Both represent a very similar fantastic opportunities. They're both well-run, high-margin companies that expand our footprint. Bollinger in the Northeast and Giles in the U.K. We continue to be excited about our international opportunities. We are truly a global enterprise. But more importantly, both these acquisitions bring us excellent producers, high-quality support staff, all embedded in a rich culture that matches ours. With us, they have found permanent ownership, and unsurpassed resources, which bodes well for our future growth. And we're already seeing growth, our sales teams are working get together to win new clients already. We also closed 7 other mergers in the third quarter. Each of these new partners also expand our footprint and find value in our capabilities. That choice, and we appreciate that they recognize Gallagher as being the right family for them. Welcome to our new colleagues. Thirdly, there is clearly a lot of discussion about private insurance exchanges and I'd like to focus on a few points today. We think exchange adoption should increase quickly in 2014 for 3 main reasons: First, employers are looking for ways to cap the cost of their employee benefit plans. Secondly, employees are asking for greater choice and control over their own benefits. And thirdly, medical carriers are starting to promote their own private exchanges as an alternative to public exchanges. We've discussed before, how our team is ahead of the healthcare reform curve, with respect our capability, offerings and expertise, including our ability to deliver private insurance exchange solutions. Gallagher will continue to be compensated for these services, either with commissions, fees or a combination of both. But keep in mind that no matter whether our clients decide to use an exchange or a more traditional model for their employee benefits, they will continue to need Gallagher's expertise and consulting services every single year. Let me move to our Risk Management segment. Our Risk Management business had a solid quarter with excellent organic growth of 8.5% and an adjusted margin of 15.9%, which is right in line with what we forecasted in last quarter's call. We've mentioned we're making significant investments in product and service enhancements. Let me mention a few of those investments and some of the early impact that they're having. First, the launch of Gallagher Bassett's Analysis Workbench, which is a tool for claim analysis and risk analytics, has been very well received in the marketplace and played a key role in selling several nice prospects in the U.S. this past quarter. Secondly, formation of a unit dedicated to serving carriers has contributed to a growing pipeline of claim outsourcing opportunities. And thirdly, implementation of a new system to support GB's homeowners business in the U.K. has enabled us to grow our business there. Across all of our businesses, our results are a direct reflection of the hard efforts our team puts in every single day. I could not be prouder of our team and our results. Our sales culture drives new business to record levels, quarter in and quarter out. Our service capabilities and determination to help our clients keeps our retention of clients nicely above 90%. Again, each and every quarter. We are client-focused and team-oriented, bring the best of Gallagher to the point-of-sale on virtually any opportunity. So all in all, it was a great quarter for Gallagher. We feel we like we're hitting on all cylinders. We are well-prepared for the new healthcare changes and preparing already for a strong 2014. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on the first page with the Brokerage segment. What a terrific quarter. The Brokerage segment was up nicely on all measures. A couple of things to note. First the integration cost. $0.03 was wrapping up Heath Lambert and $0.01 was from Bollinger, both of those right in line with what we've discussed before. Looking forward, we're done with Heath and now we have about $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter related to Bollinger and Giles running through the first quarter of 2015. Second, you'll see a couple of pennies of acquisition earnout-related adjustments. Those are always a bit volatile and you see them from time to time. As for the Risk Management segment, another solid quarter with no adjustments of significance. So let me foreshadow the fourth quarter. Recalling the fourth quarter of 2012, we had a penny of cost related to ramping up a new large Australian client that went live effective January 1, 2013. As for this year, you heard Pat say that Gallagher Bassett has been making investments in the capabilities to better service our carrier outsource base. We're pleased to say that we're on track to take over a portion of the carriers claim operations effective January 1, 2014. If we do, we would again incur a penny of ramp-up costs in the fourth quarter of 2013 and that would set us up nicely going into 2014. Let's flip to the Brokerage segment, organic growth tables of the lower half of Page 2. Another strong quarter with base commissions and fees being up 5.5%. And we saw -- just so you know, we saw about 5% in each of our domestic retail and wholesaling units and a bit more than 10% internationally. And as Pat said, less than 1% came from rate and economy. So it was another nice quarter of new business and retention plans. Looks like down a little bit to contingent commissions. You'll see where backwards about $2 million in the third quarter, most of that is timing and we should pick up much of the difference in the fourth quarter. Flip to Page 3. You'll see we continue to make good progress on our Brokerage segment comp and operating ratios that led to EBITDAC margin expanding another 120 basis points. One footnote. About 20 basis points of that came from Bollinger, which is seasonally the strongest in the third quarter. However, Bollinger is seasonally the smallest in the fourth quarter, so don't expect that level of contribution and margin contribution coming into this fourth quarter. Speaking of seasonality, please use the investor supplement to see our quarterly -- seasonality. Gallagher, too, have seasonality. Our first quarter is always by far our smallest, our fourth quarter is the next smallest and the second and third quarters are about the same. Next, given the significant M&A activity of Bollinger and Giles, let me give you some thoughts related to modeling the Brokerage segments noncash items for the fourth quarter. For depreciation, assume about $9 million of expense, for amortization assume about $34 million of expense and that includes both Bollinger and Giles, and for acquisition earnout amortization, assume about $3 million of expense. As for 2014, use the fourth quarter as a baseline, then for M&A amortization, increase that about 4% per year or 1% per quarter for every dollar we pay for an acquisition. And that will get you reasonably close. That's 1% of the purchase price, not 1% of the revenue. Leaving the Brokerage segment and moving to Page 4, the Risk Management tables. Excellent organic and margins write up to 15.9% as we forecast in our July earnings call. As for the fourth quarter, model margins similar to the third quarter and you'll be close. That would then result in our full year 2003 margins coming in at a bit over 16%, which is a little bit better than we forecasted at the outset of 2013. It's great that Gallagher Bassett can spend on enhancements and still hit their margin targets. All right, let's turn to Page 5, the shortcut table for our Corporate segment and also you might want to refer to Page 14 of the investor supplement. First, related to the interest expense line. We intend on closing Giles using our new line of credit, which will cost us about 1.3% per annum and then over the next 3 to 6 months, we will refinance that with longer term notes. Next, move down to the clean energy investments line. Our investments performed very well, but not quite to the level forecasted. So we've learned that we need to be more conservative as we interpret the production estimates we get from our utility partners going forward. But even then, earnings from these investments will always be unpredictable and volatile, especially on a quarterly basis, and frankly will always produce some modeling headaches. That said, please keep this in context. In 2011, these investments posted about $3 million of after-tax earnings. In 2012, nearly $33 million. And this year, they're on track to earn over $60 million after-tax. This is really excellent progress and becoming a nice funding vehicle for our M&A program. Looking towards 2014, our best guess is that the investments could earn 10% to 20% more for full year of 2014 than they did in 2013. I'll try to give you some quarterly spreads in our January call, but then again, please expect volatility especially on a quarterly basis. Finally, let's move to the M&A line. In that line, you'll read that we recognized $3 million after-tax gain related to hedging pounds in anticipation of funding the Giles transaction. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect about $3 million to $4 million of after-tax costs, principally, related to the Giles transaction. But as for 2014, we would anticipate that line returning to about $1 million to $2 million per quarter of after-tax costs. So to wrap it up, our core operations up double-digits, year-to-date on most measures, margin expansion across the board, a good rate in economic environment, investments earnings on track to about double last year and excellent M&A revenues coming into the fourth quarter. All of this should contribute to continued success well into 2014. All right, those are my comments. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. Mannie, you want to open this line up now for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] . Our first question comes from Arash Soleiman of KBW.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones here. First, I just wanted to ask about the margins on the Exchange business, the partnership with Liazon. I guess there, does that -- I know you said they're both a commission and fee component. Would that business have higher margins than the traditional brokerage -- benefits Brokerage business or would it be about the same? Just wanted to...
J. Patrick Gallagher: It will be the same, Arash.
Douglas K. Howell: It will be the same, Arash.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's going to be the same. We're brokers. We're going to place people where they are best suited. And we'll get paid a fee or a commission based on how our client wants to pay us. And the margins will be the same.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then the second quick question I just wanted to ask, just a numbers question, that line you have, I think it was about $2.5 million disposed of operations. But what's going in there exactly, I just want to get more clarity into that.
Douglas K. Howell: From time to time, we will divest ourselves of a office location or a unit that doesn't fit in let's say one of our niches, that doesn't fit with our culture, doesn't fit with how we think that it should be operated. So that's really what happens. And you'll see those pop up every other quarter or a little bit every quarter. It just happens when we get that from time to time we get a book of business would be better operating some someplace else.
Operator: The next question is from Gregory Locraft of Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to ask on call. It looks like in one of the notes or in the release that you guys, I guess acquired another 5 plants or something from a third-party on September 1. Can you give us some color what happened there?
Douglas K. Howell: It was a -- we were really stepping into 5 plants, where we're acting as the monetizer from those credits. So we bought a significant portion of each of those plants. They're very small plants. These are mostly in industrial locations and so it was an opportunistic investment. The advantage of owning more 2011 plants is they actually generate tax credits that move the AMT rate down from 20% to 8.75%. So the nature of those credits are actually better credits right now than the 2009 year plan. So it was a partner -- it was a licensee of Chem-Mod that was looking for a partner to own a piece of the plant. So we -- I think that our cash out from was like $4 million, something like that.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But these are new plants. This isn't an existing investor that just wanted to walk from the investment that you had to bailout?
Douglas K. Howell: No. Not at all, these are plants were built in 2011 or placed in service probably prior to the end of 2011 and they don't have -- very common, the developers don't necessarily have an appetite for all that credits that they can generate. So they look for partners that can use the credits and we can use the credits. So it wasn't a struggling situation or anything like that. It's just they're looking for a partner to own a piece of the plant.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And do you anticipate more of these kinds of deals. In other words, are there developers out there that are basically doing what you all used to do and then bringing it forward to you because you guys have an appetite for and can use the tax credits more efficiently than they can?
Douglas K. Howell: I would say generally no. I think that these are -- I think this opportunity is there. We are getting to the point, if we're successful throughout 2014, that we will be saturated with credits that we need. Remember, we don't want to generate credits that we warehouse to use in 2023 or 2024 or 2025. We want to create credits that create tax savings for us today, so those cash flows can be used for M&A. So I think that we're about done. I think our appetite is full at this point.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then again, I mean -- I know this is a very, very hard business to predict, but obviously the miss was largely in that line in this quarter relative to what you thought it was going to be a few months ago. I assume it's all just production schedules, right? You're trying to guess utilization at the utilities. Is that the entire reason?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, that's exactly right. And what we're learning is the plant operator will look for opportunities to take the plant down, to do maintenance. Where we would prefer that they always just run the machines full out, they actually look for opportunities to take it down in kind of low peak loads, so that they can do maintenance on it, so that they don't have the plant go down during peak loads. So we're learning on this, going back to my actuarial days if I had great triangles on this, I think, I'd be better at predicting that. But we're learning that the behaviors of these utility partners are not exactly predictable. And unfortunately, but then again, if you look at it on a yearly basis, to make $60 million or more, I'll take the volatility, I guess.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. I know it's a good thing for cash over time. I'm just, it's just trying to predict it, which sounds like you're wrestling with as well and it sounds like what -- we just have a more conservative plan on the table going forward, so.
Douglas K. Howell: I think so.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. Other entirely different question is just on the integration costs. And this is just something I'm wrestling with, Doug, which is you guys have done some excellent deals, especially in the third quarter, we've got Giles coming in the fourth. There is a difference between your adjusted numbers and your reported numbers due to integration expense. It's now running off through 2014 and 2015. And what point does this just become kind of cost of doing business for AJ Gallagher because you're acquiring businesses constantly? I mean should we really be stripping it out for our purposes and for compensation? I think you guys pay yourself on EBITDAC, adjusted on an adjusted basis.
Douglas K. Howell: No, we actually pay ourselves on reported.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Oh you do. Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: So I think....
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So the Boards sees it as. Okay, great. All right.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, but I think the fact is on these larger deals, the acquisition amounts interestingly both Bollinger and Giles are extremely well-run organizations. So if you look at the amount of money that we'll really be -- we'll take to integrate into our operations, it's not like Heath Lambert. If you recall, Heath Lambert was really struggling to make margins. It was transformative for our U.K. operations, so the amount of -- and we didn't pay the multiple that we did for Bollinger and Giles as probably 2 turns left and so we knew that there'll be more investment, if you go back and listen to that back then, we knew there will be more investment. But we feel good about Giles and Bollinger, because they are well-run operations and I just don't think a few million bucks or the $3 million a quarter is that much money to bring in, basically $100 -- $250 million of additional revenue. So -- but I do understand what you're saying, but on the smaller deals we just pay for those as we go.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. Okay, okay. Again it's perfectly disclosed, so we know what it is reported and adjusted. So that's good and the deals are good. Last is just on Giles. I mean again you guys are picking this up at good prices, but it sounds like you were very clear, you are going to use the credit facility, pay 1.3% to pull it in, it's an all-cash deal and then you are going to term it out. The terming it out, how do we think about that cost of the debt as the cost of funding as we model our interest expense going forward?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Oh, I think it will be somewhere between -- that just depends if we do 10-year notes, it would be somewhere around 4.5%, something like that, maybe a little bit less than that, we will watch the rate. If we decide to put some longer term debt in 15 or 20 years, that would probably go up go a point on that. I think we're in a really interesting position, that we can put some long-term debt out, maybe 15 or 20 years, because we're generating so much -- so many earnings from our clean energy investments, it really, the additional point of interest on that probably wouldn't hurt us too much at all. So and I'm guessing that we will try to do something here before the end of the fourth quarter and we may do a delayed draw on it and not pull it down until April or even later.
Operator: Next question is from Sarah DeWitt of Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Looking at the 2 big acquisitions you did with Giles and Bollinger. Has there been any change in acquisition strategy, where you are going after bigger deals now and then also what do you see as the overall accretion from those deals and are there any risks to achieving that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well Sarah, this is Pat. I'll take the strategies side of that question and Doug can answer the other. No. This is no change in our strategy whatsoever. First of all, if you take a look at Business Insurance July issue, they show the top 100 agents and brokers in the United States and to be #100, you had to do, they did $22 million in total revenue. We think there is probably 18,000 agents and brokers in America. So there's an awful lot of them that are smaller than $22 million and that's what makes up most of our pipeline. But when the ones in the top 100 come available, if we can strike a deal that makes financial sense and if the culture fits, we're very happy to have an opportunity to play on those as well. It's just that there aren't many of them. So it's -- it was kind of an interesting quarter in a sense that we had 2 larger opportunities than we've typically seen but the other 7 transactions we did were right in our normal sweet spot.
Douglas K. Howell: Sarah, in terms of the accretion, it depends on how you want to calculate. First of all, we are doing -- we did both of these deals with almost all cash and debt other than about 3 million shares we put out for Bollinger. So if you really look at it, we put out 3 million shares to maybe make $80 million to $90 million of EBITDA per share, so it's a staggering number in terms of the what is going t contribute. We use a 100% stock, again if you do the math that way, it's still accretive if you use 2x debt and it's accretive on that measure. So it's accretive on all measures, but because we did most all of this without stock, it's nicely accretive to our earnings.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then looking at your private exchange with Liazon. How many enrollees do have there and how big of a revenue opportunity do you see this over time? Is it more of just shifting your existing benefit clients from being -- from broker to an exchange or is there an incremental revenue opportunity?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll let Jim Durkin take that. Jim heads our Benefits operation. Jim?
James W. Durkin: Currently we have about 2,000 employees that have actually enrolled in the plan. A handful of different employers, we do have a very active pipeline. There are a significant number of customers that are looking at this and considering it for 2014. As Pat said in the comments, we expect there will more uptake as we go through 2014 and beyond. And I guess the second part of your question, could you expanded on that. I'm not sure I understood what you're asking.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Should we view this as revenue neutral because you're just shifting existing benefits customers onto the exchange or is there an incremental revenue opportunity there?
James W. Durkin: I think for the existing customers, it most likely will be revenue neutral. There is an opportunity through the exchange platform to offer a variety of additional products, voluntary products, retirement products, those will generate additional revenues. Certainly that will take time to get there. But I also think the bigger opportunity for us going forward is, there's a lot of customers that are looking to us for what we can do and so -- excuse me prospects that are looking for us. So those are new opportunities and this kind of technology will attrack them to the services we offer. So existing clients, most likely neutral, but there is opportunity to bring additional products to that platform and there is an opportunity for new business.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And let me make a comment on that, too. The smaller brokers and agents out there that we compete with, and 85% of the time when we compete on an account, we're competing that somebody that's smaller than we are. We actually know that. And guess what, they don't have a clue. The smaller guys do not have a clue. They don't know which way the exchanges are going and clients are beginning to ask those questions. It's taken longer for clients to wake up to this than I thought it would. I thought they'd be all over the Affordable Health Act probably earlier in the year. The fact that the mandate was moved back a year gives them even another year to breath. But ultimately, to Jim's point, we're going to have tremendous new business opportunities.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on that. Do you expect then that the benefit companies will provide a bigger part -- will become a bigger piece of your M&A program, just given that you're competing with folks that just don't have the expertise that you do? And do you see opportunities in this part of the market?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, very much so. You'll recall last year that we did 60 transactions, 30 of those were in the benefit space. We're big believers that clients -- clients are going to need our help more today than they ever have because this Affordable Health Act is complicated. The compliance provisions alone are just draconian and employers have got to -- then add to the fact that what exchanges really are is additional choice. And so the sorting through all the opportunities and -- let's also remember, the costs of health and benefits to employers is huge. This is a cost -- this gets the CEO's attention. And they're going to need a lot of help.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then another comment you made on rational rates setting -- I don't know if you maybe you addressed this in the first couple of minutes, but where is that most relevant, is that standard lines, specialty lines, larger risks, small risks?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think if you look at this CIAB survey, you'll see that probably larger risks have the least amount of actual increase because larger risks take more of the risks themselves in their retentions. So if you look smaller to middle market, that's where you're seeing pretty consistent increases in pricing from a myriad of carriers. This is not driven by 1 carrier, it's not one line. As I said, in my prepared remarks, coming out of this CIAB meeting earlier in the month, it's very clear to me that there's a change in the marketplace in terms of what information these CEOs have. They just really have a handle on where they are succeeding and where they're not. And they're all over those. And they know they have to make money underwriting. So it really is pretty much across-the-board. But listen, it's account driven. What I was interested in hearing is, not 1 of the CEOs goes out to their team and says, get out of that market and give me 5%. What they say is if the account deserves a 10% decrease, give it to them. But if the account demands a 15% increase, you better demand it. And they're watching their underwriting team every single day. And their retention rates are not dropping. So it is a very different market than we've seen in the past.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just one on -- kind of still on that theme. I mean, if that's the case, I mean, do you expect that you could see more interest from insurance companies looking to build out areas -- in areas where they don't have infrastructure to see more interest in the services Gallagher Bassett provides?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I definitely do, Mike. I think one of our greatest opportunities in the next decade will be outsourcing from insurance companies. That's a big part of what we do right now. And to your point, new capital in particular has no interest in infrastructure. New capital wants infrastructure when they need it. Business process outsourcing is something that they are very comfortable with, and I believe that Gallagher Bassett is the best claim opportunity for those -- for that new capital, and frankly, for some of the old capital to take advantage of our expertise to reduce losses to get return for their shareholders.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And have you seen new customers of size come in or approach Gallagher Bassett recently?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And as Doug mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have a substantial opportunity we're working on in the fourth quarter right now.
Operator: The next question is from Sean Darden of Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Following up on the Risk Management business, I'm wondering if your 16% EBITDAC margin target still holds here. And I know you called out several initiatives with Gallagher Bassett. But could you quantify the level of additional investment made this year and in the quarter from a dollar perspective?
Douglas K. Howell: I think for the year we probably spent 1.5 point margin, maybe 2 points.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so the guidance still holds?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think we should be able to get her in that 16%, a little above that for the year. And the team is doing a really good job. I mean, the maturity of the Gallagher Bassett team, to be able to plan out enhancements execute against them yet still hit their margin targets, is really a nice evolution for the folks there.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A couple of different questions. Great acquisitions on Bollinger's and Giles. Right now, are those businesses growing organically as much as the other businesses or is that an opportunity to get them growing faster?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, Adam. They are actually -- the trend is interesting, especially on Bollinger, which we have better line of sight into Giles at this point is that the organic really, in the third quarter, is not all that different than what our retail operations were in North America. So they have really responded well to the new ownership. There is a lot of team selling going on with Gallagher, and they've -- their return to organic maybe lagged ours a little bit, but it certainly got up to speed pretty quick. In Giles, my understanding is they had a pretty good third quarter also, and they're already talking about how there is opportunities together with us to go out and serve new clients in the U.K. So both of them, I don't see much difference at all.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Actually, Adam, part of -- the fun has been that we've written a number of new accounts, and particularly with the Bollinger folks, right in our specialty areas, right in the niches that we operate in. There were opportunities that Bollinger was working on right before the transaction was announced, and literally the week after it was announced, we picked up a number of really nice accounts because the clients go, "Oh, I know Gallagher in this space," and, "I like the people I was working with at Bollinger." Two or 3 really nice orders in the first 3 weeks.
Douglas K. Howell: They actually outperformed their EBITDA in the two months that we owned them versus the budget, so they end with pro forma. So they've done really well.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That's great. Another question, talking about wholesale a little. Has that growth been better, better than your average over the last couple of quarters?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, it has been. This quarter is was right in line. There were a couple of ins and outs in this quarter that levelize them more with the broader group, but typically, that's been running in the upper single digits in this quarter or somewhere around 5%.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And how much of that business is property, and do you think that will be more impacted next year as property potentially is under more pressure than some of the other markets?
Douglas K. Howell: 1/4 of it is property, so there could be some there. But really that business is hard to place new business, startup business, but it's only about 25% is property.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And not all of that 25% is catastrophe property, so probably 1/2 of that. So you get about 12.5% of their business is directly impacted by catastrophe property.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then finally, any view on supplemental and contingent, or at least what factors we should be thinking about as we go into next year?
Douglas K. Howell: We said last year that we hope to bring it in at flat for the year. If we catch up for the timing that we had in the third quarter and get it in the fourth quarter, we still hope to finish the year flat on an organic basis. And I would say that's -- in this environment right now, that's probably pretty good work for next year too. So if we can hold those flat, the carriers are showing some nice profitability, so may be there could be an uptick on it. There may be some geography between supplementals and contingence also. But I think we think that 2014 flat organically would be a good year.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Even -- shouldn't you -- with new deals, Bollinger, Bollinger being included in a bunch of new deals, shouldn't that push it up somewhat, or do you...
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. No, I... Yes, my comment was on organic. But yes, acquisition should... Yes, but acquisition should fuel that also.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So there is -- obviously, you're not the only Guinea healthcare exchanges we're learning on the fly here. You talked about this revenue-neutral opportunity for current clients. Can we talk a little bit about how you're paying your partner at Liaizon in that situation, what they are making out of it versus -- so is it more revenue than you would make ordinarily, but you're splitting that revenue with someone? Or how should we think about that?
Douglas K. Howell: Liaizon has, like most exchange platforms, has a per employee per month transaction charge, part of that includes benefit administration. So there is an enrollment process, there is a administrative function that takes place, which is included in -- typically in the exchange platform. So there is a cost associated with that. Liaizon has that charge. We're passing that charge directly onto the customer as an expense to manage, not only their benefit administration, but to manage the exchange platform.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And in terms of -- one thing I'm always very unclear about is what service are you providing the clients in advising them and what service is the actual exchange backbone providing them in that relationship?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I'll start with the exchange for the moment since it's probably easier. As I said, essentially there is 2 things. This is a technology play. It's an electronic portal where employees can go and get access to the different choices that they might have. So think of it as just an electronic chassis. They go, see what those options are and they enroll in those plans. That enrollment process is what I referred to when I said benefit administration. So there is essentially 2 things that we're talking about: the actual technology platform; and then the administrative process of managing, enrolling and getting the premium allocation correct to the different insurance companies. That's what an exchange platform essentially is doing. What we do is help the customer think about a strategy that gets them to where they want to be in terms of how they compensate their employees, as well as what benefit levels they're going to provide. And exchange strategy is just one of those things that we have to help the customer think through. In addition to that, if you look at the Liaizon platform, it's our job to go out in the marketplace and bring the best insurance partners to that platform. So we've designed a, what we call, Gallagher marketplace, and these are the markets that we're bringing to the platform, we're managing that side of the transaction. Liaizon simply brings the technology.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And those partners are paying you a commission?
Douglas K. Howell: May or may not. It's up to the customer. At the end of today -- we've talked about this before, I disclose my compensation to the customer every year. The conversation goes something like this: Here is what I am going to do for you. These are the services that I am going to provide as your advisor, as your consultant, as your broker. Here is what I need in terms of compensation; how do you want to pay me? You can pay me a commission; you can pay me a fee; or you can pay me a combination. And that's simple.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And we've been completely 100% transparent in our dealings with our -- on both the property/casualty as well as the benefit side since 2006.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, I think that's very clear, and I appreciate that the learning curve is still for many of us being climbed. So thank you, and good luck.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Sebaski of BMO.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I wanted to talk one about strategy, the Giles acquisition in the U.K. Most of the ramp-up on the P&C business has been domestic. What are your thoughts about further growth in continental Europe or other international expansion?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Charles, let me be clear. We have not been focused on just domestic acquisitions for the last decade. We've been building out our international platform literally since 1974, and about 25% to, coming on soon, 30% of our revenues will come from outside the U.S. We have a very sizable business in Australia. We're strong in Canada. We're strong in the Caribbean. We did a 21% partnership with our trading partners in Mexico last year. And we've been building up the U.K. platform, as I said, since 1974. So this is not a new approach for us. Giles fits perfectly as a platform play for us in the U.K. We had historically been a very strong specialty player, as a wholesaler in the London market. That was probably 90% of our business 5 years ago. The Heath Lambert acquisition gave us a platform. As we said at that time, that gave us a domestic retail platform to then be able to do acquisitions in the U.K., as we have in the U.S., which is essentially bolting them on smaller transactions around the U.K. And that led to probably 9 or 10 transactions over the last 2 years that did exactly that. Giles comes in as really a nice fit in the -- of the commercial middle market. So we had specialty covered in London, and our specialty business there really is almost completely built out. We had a good small-accounts platform with Heath as well as the Risk Management platform, and we're kind of missing that solid middle market. And that's really what Giles brings us: 35, 40 offices around the U.K., GBP 100 million plus in revenue, no single office that really drives the book. It's just a really, really nice retail fit for us.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I maybe misstated the question. I think the Giles transaction is great. I am talking about additional breadth of middle market size business, like Giles in continental Europe, for instance. Like that kind of thought process, not questioning the Giles or how that fits in.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think, definitely, we have global aspirations. We have trade in over 100 countries. We're not going to run around the globe sticking pins in the map. What we do is we work with people, opportunities like Giles come along. If we had an opportunity like that in central Europe or in mainland Europe, yes, we would take a look at that. But we prefer to know the folks very well, understand their culture, trade with them. So what we did in Perth, Australia, what we did in the Caribbean and what we've done in Mexico is take positions with partners and then ultimately go to 100% ownership. And that seems to have worked out very well with us, people that we trade with.
Douglas K. Howell: I think so too, Charles, a pile on to that. When we have an opportunity on a certain niche -- for instance, we went into Calgary because of our energy platform -- niche, when you see that pulling you into a country, where adding a team in country X, really rounds out the global ability to service, say, an energy partner around world, that's opportunistic for us. So it'd be kind of -- the niche pulling us into the country, and then if they're trading significantly with us in the U.S. or in the U.K., we may want to deepen our relationship with them. But we like put the tail in first and then increasing ownership, and I think that at the end of the day, we want local management to continue to run the operation. So many of these we might only own 80% of them ultimately long term.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just one numbers question. Did you say earlier that the amortization expense is going to run around $34 million?
Douglas K. Howell: It's $34 million in the fourth quarter, and then you'll have to make a guess of how it increases per quarter next year, in 2014; and generally, the rule of thumb is take 1% of any purchase price and add that to the amortization per quarter, and you'll get close.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the exchanges, when you shift from a group plan to the individuals shopping for insurance on the exchange, what are you seeing on rates?
Douglas K. Howell: What do you mean? Can you expand on that a little bit?
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I can. Whatever the per person per month fee might have been under the group plan, once those individuals get shifted over to the exchange, and presumably it's an individual product where there is more selection, can you talk about that how many carriers are actually active in those exchanges and -- what's your assessment of their pricing? What's the experience for the individual? Are they finding that pricing is better or worse when they go to the exchanges?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think it's all of the above. I think that an employer is going to make a choice to go to the exchange for a couple of reasons: one, they want to look at lowering their overall costs. Ultimately, the long-term goal -- the long-term, I think, interest will be employers looking at a defined contribution strategy. So I am going to give my employees a set dollar amount each month, and that's all I am going to pay. It's up to them to decide what they want to choose, what they want to pay above that. In terms of the carriers that are on the exchange platform, while there is individual choice, individual employees are making selections, it's really still underwritten based on the overall group experience. So I think that you're going to see big swings for the exact same plan and cost, probably not initially. It's going to take a little time for that to sort its way through. There is a belief -- and I know I'm giving you a lot of information here -- but there is a belief that in today's selection process, because the employer makes the decision essentially, here's the level of benefits all employees are going to have that when you give employees choices, there'll be a segment of the population that doesn't want to buy that much insurance. So they'll be buying less. And that translates into lower cost, not only for the employees, but could translate into lower cost for the employer. So it's kind of all over the board at the moment. I don't think anybody has a real clear handle. But ultimately, I think this could help lower the cost for the employees and lower the cost for the employer.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: For the broader experience, when the individuals get down into the individual market and pre-existing conditions have to be taken, it seems like the rates are more likely to go up.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, this isn't the same. You think of -- these employees are already covered. In terms of the employer marketplace, pre-existing conditions really haven't been an issue, except for the very, very small employers for many, many years.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So I guess you're describing sort of the high grade where the group plan is still in effect and individual is protected from the market, so to speak, initially. But when that goes to a, here's your subsidy have at it, what's the risk of their sticker shock at that point?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, Mark, I think you raised a good point. There was a great article in the Chicago Tribune 3 Saturdays ago, and the sticker shock that they were talking about is they've started to look at the exchanges here in Illinois. It wasn't necessarily the premium, the deductibles were unbelievable. And they were saying, "You're starting off with deductibles at $9,000 and $10,000 for families of 4, making $65,000," that is really sticker shock.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. But I think, Pat, just to expand on that, that's really in the individual marketplace, and part of what's driving that is the fact that you're going to have an awful lot of employees that couldn't get coverage in the past. And that's what they're worried about. So the pricing is going to get up in the "group marketplace", the place -- and I use that term broadly. And the carriers that we're working with are already in effect dealing with this risk exposure. These employees are covered under these plans today. Now you're just giving them more choice, different options, and in some instances, there'll be multiple carriers where the employees can choose from. So I think it's less about the phenomena you're seeing in the individual marketplace, it's more about what has occurred in, what I'll call loosely, the "group marketplace".
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes. My final point is, that worked because everyone knew in the group that both, sick and healthy, were going to be in the group, and so the carriers could underwrite based on that assumption. If you then throw it open and sick people buy the coverage and healthier people buy less coverage or no coverage, and put the subsidy in their pocket, then it becomes...
Douglas K. Howell: Correct, Mark, you're absolutely right. And I think the penalty for not having health insurance, I think, is like $97. So you're going to have your entire young population pocket the money and say -- and by the way, they get to go to an exchange anytime they want to buy, so when they get sick, they'll buy it.
Douglas K. Howell: In the individual marketplace, I think that the state-run, the federal-run exchanges, those are going to be concerns. Those are going to be challenges. I think it's less of a concern in the employer exchange environment. Because I think about - again, think about it, most employers are going to offer kind of a core set, "here is kind of the core you get."
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes. A completely separate question. The international market, 10% growth, as I understand it, organic on the brokered side, is there some reason that was elevated this quarter, or can we -- is there some reason that should be sustained at a higher level going forward?
Douglas K. Howell: They -- our international operation, our U.K. operation has been running at upper single digits, lower double digits for several quarters for the last year or so. We're actually seeing a nice start of an economic recovery in the U.K. So that's helping. And I think that we feel good about our international growth rates in that number.
Operator: The next question is from Brian DiRubbio of Yield/Capital.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC: I just have 1 question, and this is regarding the 2 big acquisitions. What's the motivation -- what was the motivation for both these guys to sell to you at this point in time? And you've done now a couple of very large acquisitions. What is the change in motivation at Gallagher to do the larger acquisitions now, where historically you shied away from that?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I don't think that's -- there really was no change in motivation, Brian. Both of these were opportunistic. Both of them had different reasons for being for sale. Both of them had large private equity holdings that were owners. And I think it was literally an opportunistic situation that came together, and strategically, we thought they both fit. These were not overnight simple transactions. Both of them were kind of difficult and stringent negotiations, and we did incredible due diligence on both of these. I mean, you literally would not believe the amount of due diligence we did. And the more we looked at both of them, more we thought that was a good cultural fit and a good business fit. And this is no signal in a change in our strategy. Opportunistically, if some of the other top 100 brokers were to come available, we'd be interested. It's just more of the same. We're building out our platform.
Douglas K. Howell: I think they are also seeing, Brian, they're seeing that even at a $100 million of revenue, the resources and capabilities that we bring to them at $3 billion is they realized that they need those in order to compete in the marketplace. So the motivations about -- especially when you look at aggregators like Giles and Bollinger were that their needs for capabilities are very similar to what individual one-off locations would need. They need the resources, and frankly, we just didn't see the level of investment being made into those franchises by their former owners. So in this case, they needed our resources and our capabilities, just like the $5 million shop down the road. The good salespeople, great culture, hardworking folks that when you take our resources and lay it over them, they can be much more successful.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC: Got you. No, I think both deals are great. It's just is to see two large deals done so close to each other was a little bit of a change.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, remember too, Brian, in the case of Bollinger, what you have was 3 acquisitions there: about $20 million of that business will fall nicely into our benefits operations; about $15 million or $12 million will fall very nicely as program business into Risk Placement Services, our wholesaler; and that leaves about $65 million or $70 million that falls into our property/casualty retail branches in the U.S. And so those are -- it's really not all that big when you look at the 3 different groups that are taking aboard the revenue.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Farrell of Sterne Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Doug, just another question for you on the clean energy. The ultimate annual after-tax earnings that you put in as the ultimate target is a good deal higher than where your guidance would be for 2014. Can you talk about some of the differences there? And those ultimate targets, also don't include some of the ones that are in negotiations as well. So I am just wondering -- explain the gap a little bit, and can you talk about, over time, do you see the gap and what you're earning in those ultimate targets closing?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, a good question. Think about it, there is lots of different reasons why those estimates move every quarter. But basically, the primary reason is the one utility that, if you recall, that purchased has been incompatible call [ph] with our solution. We don't know -- we hear they're going to ramp up back into better call [ph] during 2014, so that's the difference between ultimate. So if you look at what they'll make in 2014 versus 2015, that would be a big difference between what they produce, and then ultimately, what they can earn in 2015. There is also another -- there is a couple of smaller plants that we're going to be moving to higher production locations. But by the time we take them off the line where they are now, move them, put the new footings in, and we might not get the production in 2014, but we would by 2015. So that's illustrative of two reasons why there is a gap between being up 10% to 20% next year versus the ultimate number. As for the remaining plants that will go into locations, remember what our objective is there: get those up and running, and then we'll probably ratchet down our percentage ownership of all the plants, so we end up with a portfolio of about 30 plants that -- I'm just going to say this -- that maybe we own 30% to 40% of. So it's really much more of a portfolio of investments than it is individual one-off ones that are causing some of these swings. So I hope that we should be well through that by the end of 2014, and then what we'll do is, we'll be able to say, let's say, "We got 30 of them that are producing. If one goes offline for a week, it doesn't hurt us that much in the overall smoothness of the earnings."
Charles Gregory Peters - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just another question on the 2 large deals that you've done. On a full year basis, how do you think about the impact to overall margins to the segment? I think, in some of the disclosure, it seemed that these were higher-margin businesses that might need a little investment. But still I'm just trying to think about how you think of impact of the total margin.
Douglas K. Howell: You just do the pure math based on -- take a guess for next year on what our company would look like and add them in, it could be as much as 80 points of margin expansion for next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Brett Huff of Stephens Inc.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It's John Campbell in for Brett Huff. Just trying to get a better sense for M&A just heading into 2014. I know it's tough to tell at this point, but it's been, I'd say, a blistering pace over the last, you can call it, 3 years. So just on a high-level view -- I mean, do you guys anticipate kind of running at that type of pace, or should we just maybe expect, I would just say, a meaningful slowdown, maybe back-to-back kind of $100 million or so level we have seen impact...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think, first of all, John and Brett, the pace last year was, in 2012, was helped a lot by the tax law changes that were coming in 2013. So we saw a rush for the door in the third and fourth quarter of 2012. And we mentioned that in the first and second quarter calls. This year, I think we've been aided in terms of the dollar amount of revenue by having 2 larger transactions that are not typical of what we see month in and month out. So I think you will see a consistent clicking-off of acquisitions continually through 2014, 2015 and on. I learned something recently that I found to be pretty interesting. According to the Independent Agents Association coming out of the NAPSLO meeting just a month ago, I thought the business was consolidating down to fewer and fewer players. According to independent agents of America, for every player that gets taken out through an acquisition, at least one, if not more than one, new firms are started. So the business continues to regenerate itself. Now you've heard me say before that the people that we're talking to most of the time, the independent owners, are baby boomers, and this is their largest asset. So our pipeline remains incredibly full, and I think we'll continue to see -- as we continue to add people to our company, there are literally dozens and dozens of us involved every single day in looking for, cajoling, talking to, selling people on joining our company. So I don't think you're going to see a big falloff, and all of a sudden it slows way down again, but I also think that the pace we've had the last 2 years will probably be looked at as a little bit stronger than the norm.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And just one housekeeping item. I mean, the brokerage tax rate, it came in a little bit lower than we were expecting. But just given Heath and Giles and just -- and Pat, I believe you said that rate outside the U.S. is now [ph] about 30%. But maybe just what your expectations are for the brokerage tax rate in 2014?
Douglas K. Howell: Guys, I think that's somewhere 37%, 38% and 39% would be a good pick in that range. We are getting some benefit by our international -- as Heath comes into more profitably and we're through the integration phase on that, and we're done with that, remember the U.K. tax rate is less than the U.S. tax rates, so that does have an impact on that. So we're seeing that in Australia, a little bit also with our earnings on Gallagher Bassett. So we think that -- you got to make a pick between 37% and 39%, but then you will see that drop compared to where it was in the past.
Operator: The next question is from Arash Soleimani of KBW.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just had a follow-up on exchanges. Specifically, I just wanted to ask about the Small Business Health Options Program. I know right now that's only available to smaller employers. But once that does open up, to what extent do you anticipate that, that would pose some -- at least some level of a competitive threat, or is that something that would be rather meaningless to your clients?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, that's certainly, I don't -- I can't sit here today and tell you how that would shake out. I think the platforms we're building, the options we're putting into these platforms are going to be very attractive, they're going to be very competitive. And I think what we do will be certainly viewed as a better alternative than for -- an employer of size to consider just pushing their employees off to a public or for a federal exchange.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But I think, Arash, to your -- I think your question was around small accounts, and that's not going to have much impact on us. But not do that much.
Douglas K. Howell: But I think what you -- he's taking a step further and saying there will be, at some point in the future, the option for employers to also, larger employers, to also participate in that. And I don't see that as something that's going to be a groundswell.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And then just another follow-up. I know you had mentioned before that -- I think, 85% of the competition was smaller brokers where it's basically an easy win for Gallagher. My question is...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let's not say easy win, Arash.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. I guess easy...
J. Patrick Gallagher: I got a lot of colleagues listening to this call.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I apologize. I guess, well, my question is with the remaining 15%. I guess my question there was what's the value proposition that Gallagher offers that would allow new business wins in that market? What's the differentiating factor there?
J. Patrick Gallagher: 100% of the time, 100% of the time it's our people. What we've got is the matter between our ears, the gray matter. That's what we're selling. And we've got the best people in the business on this team. Manny, I think that's it.
Operator: Yes, we have no further questions in queue.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And I'd like to make just a quick comment as we wrap up here. Again, thanks, everybody, for being on the call with us this morning. We appreciate your questions. Good thoughtful questions. We really appreciate you taking the time to understand our business. Our team is turned on. We're focused on selling new business and taking great care of our existing accounts. We believe we're blessed to be working in the best business on earth, and the fact is, we believe we're just getting started. So thanks again for being with us, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Douglas K. Howell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Teague Sanders Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Alison Jacobowitz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.'s Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Brenda. And welcome, everyone, to our second quarter call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Today, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the division heads that run our businesses around the world. I'm very pleased with our second quarter and our first 6 months. For our Brokerage segment, on an adjusted basis, revenue in the quarter, up 16%, 17% for 6 months; EBITDAC up 20%, up 23% for 6 months; EPS up 13% in the quarter, up 16% year-to-date. Margins improved in the quarter by 90 basis points, and we did just short of 6% organic growth, a really great quarter for Brokerage. And for Risk Management as well. On an adjusted basis, revenue was up 10%, 11% year-to-date. EBITDAC is up 14% in the quarter, 13% year-to-date. Earnings-per-share, up 11% and 11% year-to-date. Our margins improved by 50 basis points, and we had 10.4% organic growth in the quarter. When you look at our Brokerage and Risk Management units together, we produced 7% organic growth for the quarter. All in all, a great quarter and a terrific first half of the year. Mergers continue to be an important part of our growth story. For the quarter, we completed 5 transactions for about $36 million in annualized total revenue. Through June 30, we've completed 9 transactions for about $41 million of annualized revenue. As I mentioned last quarter, the first half of 2013 is a little slower in the M&A front than we were in 2012. But the pipeline is very robust and we expect to have a number of mergers closed in the second half of 2013. I want to welcome and thank all of our new partners. We're honored to have you join Gallagher. I know you had choices and I'm proud you chose to join our growing family. Usually in these calls, I like to hit some high points on the 4 things we work on every single day, which is organic growth, mergers and acquisitions, productivity and margin improvement and culture. I can tell you that in all 4 areas, we're firing on all cylinders. So rather than going into detail there, I think our time is better spent drilling into what we're seeing in the rate environment. First, I mentioned earlier that our Brokerage segment reported 5.9% organic growth in base commissions and fees in the second quarter. Of that, slightly less than 1% came from rate. The remainder was simply better new business and better retention of existing business. Our professionals continue to help our clients find ways to mitigate the carriers' requests for rate increases by finding creative solutions in the structure of their insurance programs. Less than 1% from rate is consistent with what we've seen for the last 6 quarters. Second, let me give you some flavor from our July renewals in our domestic PC units compared to last year, renewals on the same accounts, these are July 1 renewals. Property compared to July 2012, 55% of our renewals are showing rate increases. 22% renewed about flat and 22% had slight decreases. In workers compensation, this is a line that's troubled. No matter how we look at it, carriers are looking for rates to repair the line. Greater than 95% are showing rate increases over the last year on July 1. Casually, other than work comp, compared to July 2012, 60% are showing rate increases; 30% are about flat; and less than 10% are showing any decrease in rate. And let me give you some flavor as to how we see the momentum of rate through 2013 compared to other renewals in the first half. So take for instance, April 1 renewals versus what we're seeing in July. Obviously, these are not the exact same accounts but similar accounts. Property, compared to the first half, 60%, we are seeing July rates being comparable to earlier in the year. 15% saw further increases and 25% were slightly down. Workers comp, compared to renewals in the first half, 40% of the July renewals saw further increases, 50% were about comparable and only 10% are showing any kind of lower increase. But there's still increases in work comp across-the-board. Any one that was flat with work comp had great loss experience. In casualty, other than work comp, 20% of the accounts renewed in July had further increases, 60% were comparable and 17% lower. So we are seeing carriers ask for rate increases on most lines of coverage and in most geographies. This is really a great environment for us. And while we're seeing a bit of slowdown in the property area, the rest of the lines continue to have strong momentum. Moving on to our international Brokerage front. We continue to see strong organic growth especially in our London wholesale business and continued merger opportunities throughout the world. Our wholesale business, Risk Placement Services, continues to see increasing submissions, emanating from rate increase requests and new business startups, and we're getting more orders as the standard markets withdraw from some lines that typically would be in the ENS market. On the benefit side, the Affordable Care Act continues to keep our consultants very busy. Having the employer mandate move back to 2015 has not really slowed the amount of help our clients need. Businesses are realizing that a host of new regulations are going into effect in 2014, and they need our help. We've invested substantially in tools our clients need to comply with the new law and we know that this business will continue to be a growth business for us throughout all of 2014. On the risk management side, as I said earlier, a great quarter. Our team in Australia continues their strong performance. We've ramped up our business on the work comp program for South Australia, which is providing very nice organic growth. Also, Gallagher Bassett hired a number of experts and analytics in workers compensation in the quarter, which has bolstered our client service capabilities. So our growth story continues. Across all geographies in every business unit, we continue to see growth and lots and lots of new business opportunities in the future. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on the first page with the Brokerage segment, which you heard Pat say they had another excellent quarter. First is the Heath Lambert integration cost of $0.02, which is in line with what we guided last quarter. Please recall that we expect about $0.03 to $0.04 of integration cost in the third quarter, which relates to consolidating much of our combined London operations into new office space. Then the integration will be done. Second, you'll see a couple pennies of earnout-related adjustments. Recall these adjustments arise when we change our estimates for the ultimate amount of earnouts and those will always be a little bit volatile. Moving down to Risk Management, a nice clean quarter also with excellent results. So let's flip to the Brokerage segment organic growth tables on the lower half of Page 2. Another very strong quarter, up 5.9%. We saw about 5.7% domestically and about 6.5% internationally. And as Pat said, a little less than 1% from rate, not much from exposure growth. So it was really a nice new business and retention performance in the quarter. Moving next to the bottom of Page 3. You'll see our Brokerage segment expanded adjusted EBITDAC margins another 90 basis points. This marks our seventh straight quarter of margin expansion. In fact, I look back, we've expanded margins 14 out of the last 18 quarters. Let me spend a minute more on margin expansion relative to organic growth. Stay on Page 3 but go to the top. It's to the Brokerage compensation table. You'll read in the note that incentive compensation is up 210 basis points in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis, that equates to incentive comp being up 130 basis points. Our incentive comp is up through June 30 because our field folks are further along in achieving their objectives and therefore, they are more likely to reach their bonus targets than they were at this time, last year. In fact, last year, many didn't look like they would hit their bogeys until we were well into the fourth quarter. In other words, there's an element of timing here. So if you levelized for this timing, we would have posted margin expansion for the quarter and year-to-date of well over 200 basis points. Relative to organic growth in the 5-plus percent range, we think that expansion is tremendous work by the team. Let's move to the top of Page 4 to the risk management organic table. Gallagher Bassett had another terrific quarter, up organically over 10%. Even without our new Australian client, to be up over 7% organically shows nice continued improvement in that business, even in an economy that isn't seeing much employment growth. Also on Page 4, our Risk Management segment continues to improve its compensation and operating ratios, resulting in EBITDAC margins 30 basis points above our full year target of 16%. Looking towards the third and the fourth quarters, we might ramp up some of our investments in product and service enhancements, which have caused us to give a little of that back, so don't model more than 15.8% of margin in those quarters. All right, let's turn to Page 5 to the shortcut table for our Corporate segment. Our clean energy investments also had a good quarter. And accordingly, the Corporate segment posted $0.10 of earnings, which was towards the upper end of the range we provided last quarter. But please note that $0.01 or so of that is timing pulled in to the second quarter from the third quarter. Looking forward, we've again provided a range of estimates for the third and fourth quarter on Page 14 of the investor supplement that we post on our website. When compared to our last supplement, not much change related to the third quarter after you consider the timing I just discussed. But if we look further out to the fourth quarter, we are getting revised production estimates from our utility partners, which are lower than we provided before. We are told these reductions are mostly due to possible routine maintenance outages. Like we've seen before, we are subject to a utilities change in production estimates that can cause a swing in our earnings estimates. For example, even a few weeks of difference in forecast and production can swing our results by a couple of pennies either way. That said, stepping back, we are really pleased that we're still on track to more than double our clean energy earnings here in 2013. The team is making great progress rolling out and ramping up our remaining plants. This bodes well for even better results in 2014. All right, those were my comments. It's great to have a strong quarter on all fronts. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks. Brenda, I think we're ready for questions and answers. Hopefully, some answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You talked about the -- your producers are more likely to be hitting their objectives earlier in the year. It sounds like the rate impact is steady. I think you described in your release that the customers were kind of slowly getting better. What accounts for the better productivity in the part of the broker force?
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is Pat. We just had a very solid new business retention and retention first half of the year. The team just did very, very well.
Douglas K. Howell: We're not seeing much in the way of exposure growth. But when we did our polling here for the July 1 renewals, our customers are saying that more of them than not are saying their business has started -- is growing. And very few of them said that there's much contraction in the business, not necessarily in the unemployment front but just in general, they're starting to grow. We don't see it yet in our numbers but exposure units look like they're not decreasing at this point.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. Was there any new incentive program in place that counterspent?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No.
Douglas K. Howell: No. And by the way, the targets we're talking about, it's not just for the production folks, it's for the field management folks also, which -- so when you said that it was for producers, it's for all of the field, which would include the management layer also.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. How about claims frequency on the Risk Management side, what's going on in terms of underlying claims in workers’ comp?
J. Patrick Gallagher: They're up about 2% or 3%.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to continue on the organic growth, you mentioned most of that is coming from new business. I just wanted to, I guess, dig into that a bit more, is that market share gains or -- what is that exactly stemming from?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Arash, we'll write about 12% to 13% new business depending on the unit against trailing revenues. And we typically then will lose somewhere between 4% and 6%, depending again on the unit. As long as rate is neutral to up slightly, we will show solid organic growth as long as we continue to have that kind of new business growth. And we're a new business machine. I mean, all of us are involved in production every single day, that's what we do. So we're involved in helping clients solve problems, we're involved in bringing new clients on, and as long as I said, that the rate environment stays beneficial to us, we should continue to post solid organic growth.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And you had mentioned that again exposure unit -- exposure unit growth wasn't really causing much in the way of organic growth this quarter. So I guess my question there is once that picks up, let's assume new business wins and everything stays pretty consistent, should we expect the level of organic then to even expand further at that point, or...
J. Patrick Gallagher: There's a number of things that could impact that, Arash. And yes, I think you could. If we start to get some really solid economic growth that then comes through in exposure units both in audits for our clients as well as having to increase their exposure units going forward on renewals. Our team will work very hard to mitigate any increase in cost to our clients, that's what we do. That's why although we are in a rate environment that's up 4% or 5%, you see less than 1% impact in our numbers. And by the way, that less that 1% includes exposure units. So its exposures and rate are producing less than 1% of our organic. But if that starts to move nicely, yes, I think you'd see organic expand as well.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And in terms of the margin expansion, is that something -- I think you mentioned it's 6 or 7 quarters in a row, where they've been expanding. Is that something we should expect also to continue into 2014, or would you say most of the margin gains have already been realized?
Douglas K. Howell: No. Let's go back. I think that this year, if you go back to my commentary in the past, it's generally, we feel that anything below 3% organic growth, it's difficult to expand margin. When you get above 3%, you can start taking some of that to the bottom line. This year, because of the actions that we took at the end of last year, more of that is hitting the bottom line than would be normal going forward. So I think that if you model organic growth greater than 3% out in 2014 and beyond, there would be some margin expansion to that. But clearly, not 250 basis points of that.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then just final question. You had mentioned that 2 half -- or the second half of 2013 should be a bit stronger on the M&A front. Is there any, I guess, guidance you can provide there, or?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just understand why you think exposures aren't moving up. I mean, it seems like, I mean, obviously the team is killing it. If we get some rate and we get some exposure, I mean, everything is going to continue to accelerate. And I'm sort of wondering, what's holding back exposure in your opinion and what would cause that to go higher?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think the world is afraid to hire people, Greg. I just think that our customers out there are -- they're very cautious. The 2008, 2009 downturn was incredibly painful. And we had clients in the construction world that were doing $100 million, $200 million of construction a year and that dropped to $25 million and $50 million. Their company survived. But I think that is -- I also think the Affordable Health Care Act is going to keep employers doing every -- you're not going to have 51 employees. That's not going to happen. You'll stop at 48. And so I think there's a ton of that going on as well. I think people are -- the idea that this Affordable Health Care Act is somehow going to save us all money. Well, I'm looking at my budget for next year and I can tell you, we're not going to save any money. It's going to be frightfully expensive. And so I just think there's a lot of it going on. People have long memories, they're not going to add folks.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And has exposure been roughly flat for a while?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'd say yes. And, Greg, actually, maybe up [indiscernible]. I mean, we've said in the past, we've seen clients maybe up 1%, 1.5%, 2%. But yes, I'd say it's relatively flattish over the last couple of years.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay. So I guess, and a lot of people were all asking about organic and organic was great in the quarter, but it doesn't seem like you'll get the tailwinds of price and exposure anytime soon. At least, that's not in your base case, it sounds like. It sounds like you're just going to continue to do very well on the new business front.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me be clear. If we could have a property/casualty rate environment that is flat to up 3% or 4% for the rest of my career, I'd sign up for that right now. I mean, that is a -- this is a great environment for Gallagher. We've got tremendous depth of capabilities. Those capabilities we are very good at teaming on accounts and bringing the best resources to the point-of-sale. And we're not competing with just the larger competitors every day, day in and day out, we're competing across an entire spectrum of competitors. And we are going to win more than they are when we compete with them head to head.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay. Great. And then one for Doug. If there's one negative -- and again, an excellent quarter, it would just be the slippage on the clean energy side. I guess the reason is the production schedule's out of utilities. I'm just wondering, as CFO, you put out ranges and guidance and whatnot, how do you bracket this? How do you think about it, as you put out numbers and -- to us and whatnot? I'm sort of wondering the range of outcomes and possibilities, as we think about this line and into next year and beyond?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen, I can tell you. It's with mixed emotion, if you asked me how I feel about it. I think that I'm ecstatic that -- and extremely happy that we're going to double what we did last year. Am I a little disappointed that the estimates, the guesses of the future that are highly dependent on what's going on in the utility, especially putting in an experimental new technology. Sure, I would love to have the precision of forecasting that we have in other areas in our business. On the other hand, during this rollup and ramp-out -- rollout and ramp-up period of all these plants, because we don't have all of them and running at ultimate levels yet, I don't have some of the shock absorbers that I'll have in the future when we have 29 plants that we own less than 50% of. So any one change in one plant shouldn't alter our estimates significantly. So during this ramp-up period, I can understand why it's a little frustrating for you trying to take a guess on what we're going to make in the future. I think you should look back to say, gee, they're well ahead of where they were last year There's more plants that could come online. And eventually, when we get to a portfolio of 29 of them, the volatility on that should go away or at least be substantially less. So I have mixed emotions about it. I'm ecstatic that we're nearly on track to double. But giving some guidance, I'd love to be able to pick it to within $0.01 every time, but I don't think that's going to be possible.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, okay. Great. And it seems like -- you just track kind of how the guidance has come in. Like for the third quarter, you've been able to, with one quarter forward, have an excellent rate of precision on this and then it gets more fuzzy as you move out. Is that the right read?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes.
Teague Sanders: So we should feel real good about the third quarter, a little worse about the fourth, and then who knows what will happen from there?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, but I think that's right. I think, but I think when you look out for 2014, I think that the progress we're making should be better than what we're doing here in '13.
Douglas K. Howell: So that's -- on a quarterly basis, I have -- your assessment is right. It's a little bit difficult. But if you just step back and look at it, we'll get the rest of our plants in and we get to the -- get the operational tweaking done, we should have a much better '14 than we do '13 even.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm looking at the -- obviously, the acquisition pipeline. It hasn't been as robust this year as last year. And I'm not asking you guys to apply [ph] it on your stock price, but I'd also like to hear about what you think about the pipeline and the percentage of cash you'd like to be allocating versus stock, given where your stock trades today.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll let Doug handle the financial side of that question, Josh. I'll take the pipeline. We all knew that last year was an extraordinary year for acquisitions. We did 60-plus of them, that's 1 every 4 working days last year. And so we knew we were clearing the shelf a bit. And I think that was driven by 2 things. The Affordable Health Care Act again, as well as the tax law changes. So we had cleaned the cupboard a bit as we came into this year. But we filled it up again and we've got a very, very solid pipeline. But as you know, acquisitions are -- they're a sale. They come at their own pace. You can't really -- you can't say, I start one in March, I finish it in June. Each one is different. Each one has its own personality. And we've got a great pipeline, we've got a number of people that are out talking to folks every single day. And we think we'll have a very good second half. And Doug, you want to talk about the stock price?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, in terms of stock price, generally, the stock price isn't an indicator of whether we use stock in an acquisition. It usually is -- in fact, it is always the outcome of how much free cash do we have, how much borrowing capacity, and then we use the rest with stock. Generally, the way you should think about it is that our free cash is first used to pay the dividends, second, in order to buy brokers and risk managers, then we'll -- then we try to run somewhere around 2x EBITDA in debt. So we'd borrow up to that and the rest we'd use in stock in the deals. There are exceptions to that. If a seller wants to do a tax reexchange, there are requirements of how much of stock that you have to give in order for them to protect their tax-free reorg status. So if they want stock, we'll give them stock. And then there are some sellers that really, really have a strong desire just to hold our stock. And of course, we'd be happy to have them be in the same boat with us when we're rowing together. So the answer to your question is that we have $115 million to $125 million of free cash sitting in our balance sheet right now. We -- the first and second quarters are our smallest cash flow quarters. We generate substantially more cash. In fact, I think we generate about 75% to 80% of our cash in the last 2 quarters. So we'll have strong cash flows coming to the second half and we still have some borrowing capacity to keep us at less than 2x EBITDA and the rest we'd use in stock.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So if I'm understanding you correctly, if the acquisition pace were to taper, obviously compared to last year, but in general, you would be an all-cash acquirer. You would not use stock if you didn't have to in order to top things off?
Douglas K. Howell: That's correct. And we really haven't used any stock since about the third quarter of last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question, Doug, just following up on your comment about Risk Management margins in the back half of the year. You talked about the investments you're making. How should we think about the offset of those investments in terms of margin expansion opportunities in '14?
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, I think that if you go back and if you look at the history for Risk Management, the team has just done a remarkable job with targeting investments that are delivering value to customers. If you go back last year at this time, they launched into the analytic workbench toolbox that our clients are raving about, the prospects are looking at as being best in class. And they did these projects. These are $1 million to $2 million type projects where they go in and they reshape the product and service offering they do for their customers. They have a list of those things that they would like to do and when they start hitting it at the beginning of the year when we sit down and we say, "Listen, 16 points of margin is where you need to be for the year. Let's see how we do in the first couple of quarters." And now they're at the period, at the point of saying, we'd like to launch these continuous -- these other improvement projects. And so if they can do it without margins dropping below 15.8%, they should be able to bring the year in at 16%. So that's the way we sit down and do it. It's a continuous cycle and looking for opportunities to invest in, but also making sure that we hit our target margin expectations.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Remember, Mike, this is Pat. There's not the same leverage in the claims businesses as there is in the Brokerage business. When they get revenue, they get claims. And they better have the people on board, on deck to handle those claims when they start coming in. And there's a lag in time, but it's not a great deal of time. You got to get the bodies onboard, trained and ready to go. And as you saw in some of our previous quarters, we had a substantial ramp-up in South Australia. So 16 points of margin has been a consistent direction that we've given to the street for literally a decade. And that's our target margin.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Are there any trends that you see in the market that you think will lead to more outsourcing in terms of claims management, or maybe as companies look to try and move down policy size spectrum ahead of building the infrastructure themselves?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think you're hitting on something that we see as a huge opportunity. Both from new capital, places like Bermuda coming on to shore and needing outsourcing help, as well as from standard mainline carriers that may want to open in different states, that may want to open with different lines. And they are outsourcing that work to Gallagher Bassett. And when you start to take a look at the size of Gallagher Bassett versus some of our -- the insurance companies we trade with, we are actually paying in some instances, thousands and thousands more claims than they are. So we've invested in that -- and that's we've invested in systems, in people and expertise that is probably better outsourced by many insurance companies than it is being handled in-house.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And when would we expect or could we expect to start to see that inflection point in terms of the top line? I mean, is that something that's just a gradual process? Or just given the -- how much alternative capital is permeated and the movement of carriers from one part of the market to the other, do you -- should we start to see some of that really flow through this year? Or are you expecting that to happen kind of more than you thought, maybe 6 months ago?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, no. It is happening that's why we're up 10.4% organically. That's included in the mix.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I've got you. And that's a big part of that change then?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Glasspiegel with Janney Capital Markets.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I'm on Josh's wavelength on acquisitions. On the Heath, you said you're -- you've got your -- all the hard work behind you, no more integration costs. Where do you stand in your overall U.K. integration, is there a desire to be bigger in that specific region?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, we're going to be very active in that region. If you -- as you recall, one of the reasons we were excited about the Heath transaction, which did take us a good 18 months to integrate. There was an awful lot of work there. The team did great, great, great work. But part of that reason for doing that was to give us good retail presence in the U.K. that we can now go bolt on other acquisitions. And we did, we did 4 acquisitions last year and bolted those in. Those were mostly affinity acquisitions. But we bolted them into the Heath platform and they are going extremely well for us.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: How big could U.K. be, or Europe as a region? I mean, how much bigger than your current state? And what sort of platform do you need that you don't have as far as product or...
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'd say right now, Bob, where we are probably weak in the U.K. is -- what we would do in the United States is as a standard, commercial middle-market business, that the local contractor, the local auto dealer, the grocery firm, that type of thing. We're very good in the London wholesale specialty business, that's grown extremely nicely for us. We're very, very good in energy and natural resources, that's a global play. We're very good at affinity in the U.K. and MGA and MGU business. But we're probably a little light when it comes to just your standard middle-market fare.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It's John Campbell in for Brett Huff. Back on the Brokerage segment, I mean, continued nice margin growth there. It sounds like rate is providing some benefit to some degree, as well as just a general uptick in the exposure units. But Doug, I mean, if you could just maybe give a little more color on the various pieces of that margin expansion? Or just maybe more specifically, just to what degree is cost take out above and beyond the actions taken last year, a piece of that?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. I think the margin expansion, you'd have, let's say a 5% organic growth, then you would have a point of natural expansion just because of a larger -- more organic growth. When you look at where we're seeing savings opportunities right now, obviously, as we get more productive, we've shifted more work to our offshore centers of excellence. So that's helped us control our headcount here in the U.S. and in the U.K. When it comes to operational savings in the op expense line, we're seeing some savings from rent. That's probably being offset a little more by the travel costs that are going up. Airlines and hotels are going up. We do have some nice projects that we're working on now that will make us more productive in what we call the middle office and the back office layer. But we're really not seeing the results of that yet and we wouldn't see that until 2014 or 2015. But those are efforts that would help us control inflation in our other operating expense line. They're not going to be projects that drop a ton of money to the bottom line but they could help us with the control on inflation. We're not seeing wage pressures right now except for maybe in some of the IT areas where that -- there's more demand for certain resources there, so we are seeing some comp pressure there. But that's not a huge part of our payroll. So that's the flavor of where we're seeing margin expansion coming from.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Thanks for that additional color. And then just as a follow-up. I mean, I'm seeing a common theme that we've been seeing in just 2Q earnings just across the market in general, it's just kind of sluggish international results, I mean, particularly out of U.K. So if you guys could just maybe talk a little bit about U.K. results in 2Q and then if those results were relatively sluggish, then to what degree is that [indiscernible]?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, actually we had 6.5% growth in our international operations on the Brokerage side. Our U.K. operations is, in our view, is performing at a level of expectation and -- or higher than expectation, which is a high expectation.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And that includes Australia, as well.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, and Australia is doing well, too. But the transformative Heath acquisition that we did over there has provided us some energy in the U.K. It has provided new opportunities for us. And our organic growth is 6.5%. So we're not seeing sluggish operations coming out of the U.K. We don't have a lot of exposure to mainland Europe, so we see tremendous results coming from those folks right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A couple of different questions. How did RPS do with their growth above or below with what the average was for the Brokerage?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It was above.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, so another good quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Very, very solid quarter.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: What's the rate outlook in surplus lines, property versus casualty for the rest of the year?
J. Patrick Gallagher: If you take a look -- the property market, Adam, is squishy. The cat-exposed stuff in Florida is flat to down. Oklahoma and that region is in a full-on hard market. Regular middle-market commercial property is probably flattish to up a bit.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, okay. That's helpful. On the benefit side -- yes, I know you've been doing more and more business there. Has the mix been shifting more towards consulting, or is it still predominately the traditional placement business?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I'd say, Adam, over the last decade, that switched almost 100% to consulting. While we get paid on commission because clients are comfortable with that, we've been completely transparent in that business since ERISA and it's a consulting play.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then on the health care exchange, and I know it's a very, very early, early stage, but are you seeing any traction for enrollment for next year, and any way you could quantify, that would be great.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We don't have any traction at this point. And we've seen there's interest but we don't really have any orders to speak of at this point. We got a good partner in Liazon, and we think we've got a good product offering. It is going to be an important part of the product offering. We will not have one exchange. We'll trade with a lot of exchanges across the country whether they're run by the state or whether they're private. And it will be part of the mix. But at this point in time, it hasn't really -- it hasn't grabbed a lot of traction.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Alison Jacobowitz with Bank of America.
Alison Jacobowitz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I didn't hear -- I don't think I heard it and I don't know if I ever heard it, I'm just curious and I don't know if you can answer it. But do you have a range or something, an outlook of what the clean air facilities could produce if everything was up and running and everything was working perfectly? What kind of earnings that would produce?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, Alison, I think that if you were to look at Page 5 of the earnings release, over there, we try to provide the ultimate after-tax earnings estimates for the plants that we currently have up and running or on the drawing board. And if you add that up, the number gets somewhere around $100 million of after-tax annual profits. We did $33 million last year, we're on target to $67 million to $71 million this year. So if -- now granted, those plans won't all run at ultimate levels, that's what the footnote says there, but that gives you a size indicator of how much Gallagher could earn off of those plants. There are other plants that we haven't put in place yet, there's another 6 of them. And I couldn't tell you whether those are going to go into big locations or small locations at this point, that's why we put not estimable on there. But that's probably a good guide post. Will we be at that level starting 1/1/14? I don't know. We'll see. We have a little bit of low that happens generally in the summers as utilities are producing a substantial amount of electricity, they're not so willing to put in new technologies during the summer. And we saw this last year and then we had a nice uptick of activity in September and October. So hopefully by October, I'll be able to start giving you some more feel for next year. But as of now, I would guess that we're going to be better than the $67 million to $70 million that we did this year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Any more questions, Brenda?
Operator: It seems there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Pat Gallagher for closing comments.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Thanks, everyone, for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. We're very pleased with the 2 great quarters that we've had this year. The team is very turned on. We're helping our clients. We're selling a lot of new business and we think we're on track for a very strong finish to 2013. So thank you for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. Thank you, Brenda.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Douglas K. Howell - Chief Financial Officer James W. Durkin - President Scott R. Hudson - President of Risk Management Services
Analysts: Eric J. Fraser - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Chris Leikhim Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Today, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the division heads that run our businesses across the world. 2013, as you saw last night's press release, is off to a good start. Last quarter, I mentioned that a number of our actions and efforts undertaken in 2012 should carry over nicely for us in 2013, and we're in fact seeing exactly that. Brokerage adjusted revenue, up 19%; adjusted EBITDAC, up 28%; EPS, up 22%; margins, up 130 basis points and 4.8% organic growth, really good start in the Brokerage side. Risk Management as well. Adjusted revenue, up 11%; adjusted EBITDAC, up 13%; earnings per share, up 11%; margins, up 30 basis points with 11% organic growth in the quarter. All of our divisions are contributing across all geographies. All in all, a great start to the year. So let me add some color to these numbers, and then I'll start with mergers and acquisitions. We did 4 transactions in the quarter, a little bit of a slowdown from the fourth quarter, which of course, is to be expected after the surge that we had in the fourth quarter of 2012. But I'll say, the reasons people join Gallagher have not changed one bit. We offer our partners a deep expertise across all disciplines and the ability to operate in a culture that is team-based, focused on servicing clients and selling, just the type of environment that allows us to have 1 plus 1 equal 3, 4, 5 opportunity for our merger partners. Our partners all have choices. As I do every quarter, I want to personally thank those who have joined us. We're honored to have you as part of our expanding team. Our pipeline is very robust, and we do expect to have a solid merger and acquisition year. Let me turn to retail property/casualty. The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers survey reported that property/casualty rates continue to climb. Average increases in the first quarter for all accounts were reported to be about 5.2%, and we are seeing carriers asking for similar levels of increases and even more in worker's compensation, which in many states, is going to need substantially more rate to get back into a profitable position. I'd remind you again, this is not a traditional hard market, but rather a continuation of carriers recognizing that in this environment, with no investment returns, they have to make money on underwriting. This is not a balance sheet-driven change. Carriers are very aware of loss cost inflation and know that increases in their rates are necessary. We're not seeing discipline weaken here. We continue to believe this is actually a better environment for our customers. All of us would rather help them work through 5% to 10% increases than have a huge leap in prices with significant cuts in coverage. On the international side, our business had a strong quarter with organic growth approaching double digits. Our acquisitions are coming on board as expected, and as I've said before, the Heath platform is doing exactly what we hoped it would do. This has given us a great platform to continue to do acquisitions. Our international expansion is very exciting, and it's a bright spot for the company. Our wholesale business was very strong in the first quarter. Submissions are increasing as the rate environment continues to firm. Our submissions are strong, and we are binding many of our quoted opportunities. On the benefits front, we are running hard. The Affordable Health Care Act is keeping us busy with clients, prospects and mergers. In my opinion, many businesses in America are just waking up to the reality that this act is going in place in 2014 and frankly, they have failed to prepare. Regulations are being issued. We expect thousands of pages of regulations, and clients need to react and they need help. Our benefit merger and acquisition pipeline is particularly strong and growing as smaller brokers and consultants realize they need our expertise to help their clients deal with this new law. Simply put, the smaller broker consultant cannot keep up. We have invested in software that helps our clients calculate the cost of changes and in training to help our professionals stay up-to-date and in a private exchange in partnership with liaison. This will help all of our clients with choice, and we know we'll see continued growth through 2013. Our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett Services, had a fantastic quarter. We had adjusted organic revenue growth of 11%. Growth was strong in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Adjusted EBITDAC was up 13%. We're fully ramped up in South Australia, and new business is off to a good start globally. We just returned from the RIMS conference, where Gallagher Bassett rolled out our most updated version of our analytics workbench. This product allows our clients to use our RISX-FACS system to spot trends and analyze data in almost an unlimited array of reports customized at the click of a button, all focused on helping our clients get better and better at managing their cost of risk. We believe these upgrades put GB clearly at the forefront of data analytics in the property/casualty risk management world. So pulling it all together, our combined Brokerage and Risk Management segments, adjusted revenue up 16%, coming in at $606 million; adjusted EBITDAC up 24%, coming in at $108 million; EPS, up 19% to $0.32; and margins improved over 100 basis points. If the economy holds up, if rates continue to trend up, I expect the rest of 2013 to be another outstanding year. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. It's nice to be off to a good start, especially given that our first quarter is seasonally our smallest. Let's start on the first page with Brokerage segment. First is the Heath Lambert integration cost. We are still on track to wrap up the integration in the third quarter, so you'll see a couple of pennies of integration cost in the second quarter and then about $0.03 to $0.04 in the third quarter, most of which relates to the consolidation costs when we consolidate our London operations into new office space near Lloyd's. But then by the end of the third quarter, we'll be done with integrating Heath. Moving slightly down to Risk Management. Recall last quarter, we broke out the start-up costs related to our new Australian client. This quarter, the team hit their start-up targets, so you'll see we received one-time fees to partially compensate for our ramp-up cost. That was good work by the team. Moving to Page 2, our Brokerage segment. In the organic growth table, they had an excellent organic growth quarter, up 4.8%. We saw around 4% domestically and over 9%, internationally. On the lower half of Page 2, you'll see tables for our comp and operating expenses. Please make sure you read the footnotes to those tables because there was some noise between the 2. The punchline is some of our 2012 U.K. acquisitions run lower comp ratios and higher expense ratios. That said, regardless of the geography, when you turn to the top of Page 3, you'll see that we expanded EBITDAC margins by 130 basis points. We're really pleased with that expansion here in our first quarter. Moving down to the middle of Page 3 to the Risk Management organic table. Gallagher Bassett, you heard Pat say, had a terrific quarter, up 11%. But even without our new Australian client coming online, to be up nearly 7% organically shows acceleration in that business, even in an economy that isn't seeing much employment growth. Turning to the middle of Page 4, you'll see that we also expanded margins in our Risk Management segment. Recall that we are targeting about 16 points of margin, so to be above that is really good work by the team, while they continue to make investments into product enhancements and client service improvements. All right. Let's move to the bottom of Page 4 to the shortcut table for the Corporate segment. In our last earnings call, in investor supplement, we forecasted a $0.04 to $0.07 loss for the first quarter. But we actually posted $0.02 of earnings. Two reasons explain the difference. First, we were able to recognize about $0.02 more of tax credits than we had previously anticipated; and second, in late March, we closed a transaction that resulted in a onetime gain of about $0.05. We had not contemplated closing that transaction until later in the year. This gain arises because a co-investor lost their appetite for tax-advantaged investment, and we were opportunistic in repurchasing their share of the plants. Next, turning to Page 5. You'll see that we've evolved our disclosure to make it tabular rather than a page of words. We hope this provides a more succinct way for you to quickly track the status as we roll out the plants. That table also provides annual aftertax earnings estimates, but realize those are ultimate estimates, and there are many reasons a plant might not run at ultimate levels. Accordingly, as you build your Corporate segment models, please be sure to use Page 14 of our investor supplement that we post on our website. That page provides our range of estimates for the rest of the year. When you compare this quarter's Page 14 to what we posted last quarter, you'll note that there is movement between quarters, and we have narrowed our full year range. This results partly because of the earlier recognition of the gain that I just discussed and partly because we have received updated production estimates from our utility partners. The biggest difference in production estimates from last quarter relates to one utility that is using a few of our plants. They unintentionally purchased some lower grade coal that causes some inefficiencies in their boilers. So their production estimates have come down. The silver lining is they have decoded the issue, and they believe they could be back, burning the better coal later in the year. That said, when you really look closely at that table, we remain optimistic that here in 2013, we can generate more than double the amount of cash we made in 2012, which we will, in turn, use to help fund our M&A program. As for capital management, you'll see at the bottom of Page 4 of our earnings release that we have committed to another $200 million of debt, and we expect to close that here in June. So we are well positioned to favor cash and debt to fund future acquisitions. But don't forget, if M&A activity is near last year's levels or if some transactions are structured as a tax-free exchange, then we will be back to using some shares. So those are my comments. It's nice to kick off the year with a really good quarter. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you,, Doug. Melissa, we're ready for questions if you want to open it up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Eric J. Fraser - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually Eric Fraser for Mike. First question is on the debt and the M&A pipeline. I mean do you have extra deals lined up? Are these -- are you targeting more deals in the U.S. versus the U.K.? And do you have a preference for benefits brokers or kind of straight P&C retail commercial brokers?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Mike, the answer to that's all of the above. We have an appetite for benefits brokers, not a greater appetite than property/casualty, but there's more opportunity there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing that the smaller consultants and broker in the United States is recognizing that they really do need some help with this new act. And if they've got clients, literally, over 150 life cases, they're going to need help from someone like ourselves. And so that pipeline remains very robust. As you know, of the 60 acquisitions we did last year, 30 of them were in the benefit space. Not all of them very sizable; we're very happy to pick up $2 million, $3 million, $4 million agencies as we go along. That remains very robust. We have a very, very strong appetite for good partners in the United States. If you look at our investor slides at our website, you'll see 2 slides that we use frequently, one that shows where we are located in the United States and another that shows population centers over 100,000 where we're not. And we covet those locations across the U.S. And then globally, we're very active. We've been active, as you know, in the U.K. We've got good activity there. We've been active in Australia. We've been active in Latin America and in the Caribbean, and those pipelines remain very, very strong. So all in all, we think we're in a pretty unique position as an acquirer. We're most interested in the people that will join us. It's not geography -- it's not geographically-driven. We like to be able to add to some of the services and niches that we know that we're strong in. And it really comes down to the culture and the people. So it's hard to predict when they're going to hit. They are individual transactions that occur along the way, but we think we're going to have a very good year.
Eric J. Fraser - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you're confident you're going to be able to put that cash to work?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes.
Eric J. Fraser - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. One follow-up on the Risk Management section. I guess you know, organic growth's a bit higher than it's been in a while. Curious if you can also talk about -- you mentioned the impact of a lost client last quarter. And what's the outlook for being able to continue to run at a margin that's above your target?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, Gallagher Bassett, yes, last quarter, we mentioned that we did lose one client, and that was why we were a little bit lower on organic. And that's why we said we thought that 2013 would look a little bit more like 2012. And it's turning out to be that way, to be at 7% organically. The new client is the Australian, one of the WorkCover schemes there that we've picked up. That's a sizable client. I've said that we think that will add about $5 million of revenue per quarter, above the -- that whatever you pick for an organic number. So we think that they're very well positioned for growth this year.
Eric J. Fraser - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just in terms of the margin, this being above -- can you run sustainably at above 16 for the rest of the year?
Douglas K. Howell: We'll have to take a look at that. We've asked the team to hit at least 16 for the year, and I think they'll be able to do that easily. How much above 16? That all comes down to how much more we want to invest in product enhancements and client-service improvement. These are -- this is a very well-organized process. And if it looks like our margins are moving up, we will make some more investments.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And Eric, this is Pat. This is a different business than the Brokerage business. Claims show up every day. You better have people there to handle them. This is not a business that's going to show great margin expansion. As we grow top line, that means there's big-time claims coming in behind.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to get a couple of clarifying items. One is on the coal division. Doug, I think you mentioned that there was one person that opted out. Can you give us some color, I mean what's their view of the world versus your view of the world for the outlook in coal, and then maybe a bit about how the accounting works that you guys got the $5 million gain?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. One of our co-investors, for internal reasons, decided that they no longer had an appetite for tax credits. So they decided -- it had nothing to do with our plants or what we're doing. It's just they don't want tax credits anymore. So that's -- they chose to exit their investment. So I think that when you account -- so we were opportunistic in buying that back. And when you buy that back, there's a step-up in basis with respect to your -- our ownership interest piece. So what you do is you just run some of a fair valuation going forward. You present value that back at a steep discount, and then you look at how that -- how the enterprise looks as a total fair value, and then you step up your old historical basis to that. And that's what created the gain.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just to clarify, their appetite for tax credits, what was precipitating there? I assume at one point, they went into this and said, "This is a great thing," and then now it's not. And you, obviously, were able to get a good price out of them because of the gain. I mean what...
Douglas K. Howell: I'm speculating here, but usually when somebody loses their appetite for tax credits, it's 2 reasons: The internal sponsor is no longer with the company, that happens; or they are no longer in a position, tax wise, where they need the tax credit.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then last, is there -- are there any other kind of partners out there? What's sort of the -- what's your visibility with regards to others that might go this way? Because it sounds like you guys basically have a right to call or...
Douglas K. Howell: No, we haven't played out -- we actually don't have a right to call. Our other partners actually would love to buy this, these portions of our plants from us.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So you guys stepped into the breach and just took them out of it. Okay.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, there was no breach. They just chose to exit. We just -- listen, they just lost their appetite. That's what it is.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Perfect, great. Okay. Just totally shifting gears, and this is a small thing. But the share count, for some reason, I seem to recall that you guys are, obviously, issuing debt. You actually did well on the free cash line relative to historical seasonality in the first quarter. Is share count going to still be going up from here? I seem to -- thought that maybe share creep wasn't going to be occurring anymore just because you're going to use all your cash to buy businesses?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. We did not use shares in acquisitions, but just the natural increase that happens when the stock price moves from in the 30s to the 40s, you get more dilution on outstanding shares. So when you look at the treasury stock method of accounting for outstanding shares and then you have option exercises, you will have some creep in the shares that go up. So that's what you're seeing this quarter. So it's really purely related to options. Then we also have a small employee stock purchase plan that we issue shares to, but that's not the lion's share of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ray Iardella with Macquarie.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Maybe touching on the M&A topic a little bit differently. Maybe Pat, could you talk about sort of the appetite of Gallagher, sort of reentering the reinsurance Brokerage business in any material way?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, we don't really have much of an appetite for that, Ray. You're not going to see us go back into big-time competition with Guy Carpenter, Aon, Re Willis. We do reinsurance and always have even when we exited the heavy treaty stuff. We've always been supportive of our cap, do with [ph] reinsurance, the pools that we do and the programs that we run in London. So we have reinsurance expertise, but you won't see us reformulating Gallagher Re.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe, Doug, numbers question. I mean just thinking about or setting the bar in terms of acquired revenue for the rest of the year, is there any way you can quantify sort of -- no acquisitions were to happen the rest of the year, what the impact might be on the rest of the year's revenues?
Douglas K. Howell: Well, we have such a great carryover from last year from the acquisitions that we did on '13, so I don't think there would be much, much difference in our growth in revenues for this year because just because we closed so many deals in the fourth quarter last year, so this year is pretty good. The impact of next year is easy to quantify. I mean we just pick -- how much do you think we're going to do for the year, and then most of that will hit the second half this year or into next year. So the actual impact of acquisition rollover, I think that it will still put us into double-digit growth easily for the rest of this year.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Okay. And maybe just talk about strategy and how the state exchanges will work on the Retail side and more specifically, I guess, how can Gallagher generate revenue for potential business that might go into the state exchange? I know it's not a big piece of your employee benefits business, but any thought there could help us out a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure, I'll touch on it, and we have Jim Durkin in the room. If I want to throw you the ball, maybe hear Jim as well. But the exchanges are still up in the air. Some states are forming them on their own. Some are relying on the federal government. There are private exchanges, as we've done, being created. Rules are being promulgated. It was originally going to be a matter of choice, now the Feds are saying it looks like it will be one set of choices. You're going to have clients that take a look at what we refer to as total rewards. So when you get over 100, 150 lives in a group, it's not just about health insurance. You've got to take a look at everything you're doing to compensate and maintain the relationship you have with your employee base. And let's face it, we always talk -- all of us in most businesses talk about the fact that there's a war for talent. Every single day, we get paid for the people we put on the playing field. And so we have to make sure that we do a good job of compensating them, rewarding them and covering them with health insurance. And our clients have the same problems. So the exchanges, I think, will probably suck most of the business from the smaller end of the group business. We think the 40, 50 life case tends to go that direction, maybe all the way up to 100 lives. When you get over that, we do see the employer maintaining a very active involvement in making sure that the health care cover for the clients are maintained in a way that reflects their total view of compensation. Jim, do you want to add anything to that?
James W. Durkin: Only thing I would add is that there's been a strong indication by many of the state exchanges of willingness to pay commissions to brokers. They see the value. They understand that brokers will help them. And so those brokers that, for their customers that might be using those state exchange, there is an opportunity to get a commission. And then I guess, lastly, remember our model is to provide advice, consulting services. And we're going to get paid for the work we do. So if we help a customer who makes a decision to move to a state exchange, that's not a onetime decision. They have to look at that each year, and we're going to be there to help them do that. Plus there are ancillary products that we'll continue to be involved in: the life, the disability, retirement. So there are opportunities to continue the revenue stream.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian DiRubbio with Yield Capital.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC: I've got 2, 3 questions. First one, Pat, could you give us any color on what the organic growth of the acquired revenue would have been if it was sort of there for the full year? Because you're acquiring the revenue, so to give a number of what it did in the last 12 months, but that revenue is obviously doing better also. Can you give a sense how well that's growing?
J. Patrick Gallagher: About the same as our general book, Brian.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC: Okay. And for Risk Management, 2 questions there. Can you give us a breakdown of the organic growth rate versus change in claim counts?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll throw that to Scott.
Scott R. Hudson: The -- on the rate itself, you're talking about the fee increase. We're probably -- we're still seeing a little bit of growth. It's probably just around 2%. And then the claim count growth, would account for the remainder of it. So it's still not -- it's very competitive, pricing wise. So it's not much above 2%. It changes a little bit, too, for our larger clients where it's even more competitive, so that may drop as low as 1% to 1.5%.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC: But you are seeing claim counts increasing?
Scott R. Hudson: Claim counts are increasing. Combination of -- if you were to break the claim count growth down in 2 ways, too, it's -- from our existing book of business, it's around probably 1.5% to 2%. And then the remainder of the growth on claim counts comes from new business.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/Cap Management, LLC: Great. And then just the final question on there. Are you seeing any signs of customers moving to self-insurance given the rate increases we've been seeing over the last 12 months?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, that's a really strong point, Brian. Thank you for bringing that up. I mean that's one -- this is our core expertise. What builds our company is our ability to take clients that are in the traditional market and help them mitigate rate increases by assuming certain portions of risk themselves, by bringing Gallagher Bassett in with higher retentions and having them pay the claims in various forms of self-funding. As a public entity, that might be a risk-sharing pool. In a state, that may be a group captive -- funded and founded in our Artex operation. It may be just a state worker's compensation program going to self-insurance. But that is always a big driver. Now that also, Brian, mitigates our commission growth to a degree. So you'd be looking at these 5% and 6% rate increases across the board and wondering why Gallagher is benefiting to the tune of only 1 percentage point. Well, our job is to mitigate that for our clients. And one key way that we do that is help them enter what we refer to as the alternative market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Two questions. One on margin. Doug, you had sort of given as a rule of thumb about margin growth relative to organic growth. Any changes to that based on what we've seen again this quarter? It seems margin expansion, at least, relative for what we expected, is better than we thought.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. I think that the old rule of thumb was that we needed 3% organic growth in the Brokerage segment showing margin. We did 4.8% this quarter, and we dropped 130 basis points out of that into the margin. I would say that growth above 3%, you could see kind of 1/3 of that going to the margin line. I think if you get down to 1% or 2%, we are seeing some inflationary pressures in certain lines. We talked a lot about it at the last call that we had salary inflation. We've had a little bit of pension inflation. We've had some medical inflation. The control of our headcount has helped control some of that, but there are other inflationary pressures in our expense line. But by and large, we think that we're well positioned this year, that even with the organic growth above 1% or 2%, we should see some margin expansion.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Pat, I think this is more of a question for you. Can you just comment a little bit on particular verticals in the U.S. that were good or bad? And then maybe also client sizes, if you see any changes in the organic growth in those and then maybe also geography? Just is there anything notable maybe among those 3 parameters in the U.S. business organic growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. But we continue to be very, very strong in a number of the verticals that we talk about. So higher education, religious and not-for-profit, construction, real estate, we're all -- and hospitality, all had very good starts to the year. We follow that across other lines, such as directors and officers and professional liability lines. That was a good start for us for the year. So the verticals are doing well for us, and those are our primary ones. I mean public entity, we are very, very strong, as I said, higher ed, construction, real estate, hospitality and what have you. All of those are off to a very good start. I don't have any of the verticals that we report on that I would say are lagging. We're not seeing a decrease in rate across any of those. We're not seeing a lack of appetite by underwriters in any of those. So we continue to be very focused on that, and get stronger in those verticals every single quarter. In terms of geography, I think the Midwest seems to be probably strongest in rate. The West Coast seems to probably be weakest. But when I say weakest, you're probably seeing 90% plus of your accounts in the Midwest and in the East receive some form of rate increase. It's probably closer to 70% in the West Coast, and I really don't know why that is. And that doesn't tend to break much by size. We're seeing pretty good discipline in the underwriting community across most sizes. Yes, if you're a real large account taking a good portion of the risk yourself, you're probably going to be able to mitigate these increases a little better than that commercial middle-market account in the Midwest. But by and large, the increases are kind of across-the-board with one exception being the strongest, which is worker's compensation. The carriers really do recognize that they've got significant problems in that line. And they are taking remedial action. We're seeing rate increases there approaching 10%, pretty much across the country. So I want to make sure, Brett, did I answer your question?
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: . That's great. That's exactly what I needed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Leikhim with William Blair.
Chris Leikhim: Just 2 quick questions for you guys. Doug, I just wanted to touch on contingent supplementals quickly. It looked like they were up modestly for the quarter, but on an organic basis, they're pretty flat. Any guidance for the rest of the year? Do you expect that trend to continue?
Douglas K. Howell: I think that organically flat to maybe a touch up for the rest of the year. And then we -- when it comes to our acquisitions, we generally get most of that in the first quarter because they're more contingent-based and supplemental, so I would say flat to slightly up from last year.
Chris Leikhim: Okay, great. And then just wanted to dig into the Brokerage segment a little bit on the organic side. I know from the Spring Meeting that you guys highlighted wholesale and benefits division were doing pretty well. And I might imagine maybe mid to upper single-digit organic. Is there anything going on in sort of the core domestic P&C Brokerage business that might be a little bit less, or are they all sort of running around that 5% range?
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, the PC U.S. domestic business is running a little less than that.
Douglas K. Howell: It's a little tough to judge in our first quarter. I know it's comparatively the same size, but in our first quarter, you can get some -- one person moving from -- or one client moving from the traditional market into the alternative market can have an impact on our organic just because it's so small.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But benefits are really solid. Benefits are solid. And then our domestic wholesaling is solid also. It's -- we're seeing nice growth from those also.
Chris Leikhim: Great. And then just one number. Do you have the end of period share count by any chance?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think it's at the, on the very last page of the press release. Let me pull that out for you. I think it's a -- outstanding shares are 127 -- or 126.2. I think I have that right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on coal. So once we're at -- fast forward to 2019, 2021, when the tax credits expire. Obviously, Gallagher then has the interest in these plants. Do they -- are you kind of on the hook for the disposal costs at that point, or what's the process there?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, the answer to that is twofold. If they convert, which we hope they do, to pure mercury control at that time, which is the reason why they're doing it in the first place is because of environmental control, but those plants would continue to be used. If they decide that they no longer want to use it at that point, there would be a demolition and disposal, but these are pretty small. You need to realize that, if you recall from any of our presentations, most of these plants are about the size of a semi tractor-trailer, so there's not a ton of machinery to dispose of at that time. So and there's -- so it's not a big cost at all for us.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And when you say that, you just mean the utility partners or...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Say your question again?
Arash Soleimani - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: When you said, if they're still interested in running, did you mean the utility partners?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, the host utility at that point -- if you believe that the MATS standards, mercury control standards come in, in 2016, they will have to replace our system with some other type of mercury control system or continue to use our system. If they continue to use our system, there would be no disposal with respect to these plants. We would work on a royalty at that time, and without the benefit of the tax credits. But that's the objective is to commercialize as many of these locations using the Chem-Mod Solution, so that there is an aftertax credit life that continues to generate royalty income for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The better growth in international, how much of that is a function of the strength in those operations? Are the markets stronger, or now that you have them in hand for some time, you've been able to improve and so it's more of an internal improvement? I don't know if you can make that distinction.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think I can make that distinction. I think in Australia, you have a very strong economy. And that's helping with economic growth and with just the increase in premium income in the environment, plus we are doing a fantastic job in Australia on new business. Our team is very strong in Perth, Sydney, and I'm talking on the PC side now. That's been a very, very strong bright spot for us. I can't say enough about what the acquisitions have done for us in the U.K. in terms of positioning us for great organic growth there, the Heath acquisition in particular. But as you know, we did 4 additional mergers in that space over the past year. We look to have another 1 probably done -- soon in the U.K. as well. And those are all very additive to the effort. The economy in the U.K., when you get outside of London, is not very good. It's probably better than the European continent, which we have virtually no exposure to. But what's happening is the folks we've brought on are just doing an outstanding job of generating new business and new opportunities.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Do you have a particular focus on expanding into other countries? Is that a priority, or is it going to be just -- as the opportunities emerge?
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's both. I think as you saw with the move we made in the fourth quarter with our partners in Latin America, we're excited to now have a platform on Mexico with the Casanueva family that we own 21% of that business, and we'll continue to expand through Latin America. We have a very good appetite for continued acquisition activity in the U.K. and in Australia. As you know, we completed the 80% purchase of CGM in the Caribbean, so we feel pretty good about that. And if there were places in the Caribbean that we could do bolt-ons and roll-ins, we'd do that. So it's both. It's geographically focused. We like Canada. We like the U.K. But it is also opportunistic in that the fact we're trading in over 100 countries with independent brokers in our Gallagher Global Alliance. As those families and partners decide that they'd like to take some equity off the table, we're opportunistically looking at that.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And one final question in the Risk Management business, the underlying claims increases of 1.5% to 2%. Could you give us a little context for how does that look now versus what you were seeing a year ago versus 3 or 4 years ago? Any cyclical commentary on that number?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. That number is a direct proxy for the economy. You go back to '08 and we are humming with that number. And clients were doing 3 shifts and things were wonderful. Crash in '09 comes, and claim counts fell off the table. And they're making their way back slowly. But 1.5% to 1% is going to be a bit of a proxy for what you're seeing in the U.S. economy.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. So that's not necessarily some separate frequency cycle on worker's comp. That's more influenced by the economic activity?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Correct.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, nod yes [ph] .
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. I think that's our last question. Melissa, anybody else on the line?
Operator: No, that was our final question, sir.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Just make a closing couple of remarks here. Thanks again, everyone, for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. Obviously, we're excited about our franchise. We just have had a great quarter. There's no doubt that every single quarter, and every single month, we're adding to the tools that we provide for our clients to help them deal with their areas of risks. Just as importantly, it's abundantly clear to the people at this table, that our commitment to our culture and to selling is as strong as ever. In addition, you might have noticed that on March 6, the Ethisphere Institute announced that Arthur J. Gallagher & Company, for the second year in a row, was recognized as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. And we're very, very proud of that. We're excited about the start of the year, and we're looking forward to the rest of 2013. We really do believe we're just getting started. So thanks for being with us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 09:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President & CEO Doug Howell - CFO
Analysts: Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Mark Hughes - SunTrust Adam Klauber - William Blair Brian Durubio - Yield Capital Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Ray Iardella - Macquarie Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Brett Huff - Stevens 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company’s reports filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Christine. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Today, I am joined by the division head’s that run our businesses as well as Doug Howell, Chief Financial Officer. Before I get into my prepared remarks, I want to thank the sell-side that are listening in today; I think many of you probably seen the December ’12 and January ’13 issue of Institutional Investors and in that magazine the sell-side voted Doug Howell The Best CFO in the insurance business and I think that's well deserved. Today, we are going to talk about the quarter and the year-end. Another record quarter and a record year and I will tell you it feels really, really great. Our team hit on all cylinders throughout all 2012. Our growth came from all operations across all geographies. I couldn’t be proud of the team and our results. We are growing the company for our shareholders, year in and year out, quarter after quarter. We are getting stronger in our capabilities to deliver services to our clients and to attract new business. In the fourth quarter, we did 21 acquisitions bringing in $76 million of projected revenue. Our legal teams, our HR teams, all the support groups’ seamless efforts to put these people on the books, incredible, incredible work. The fourth quarter was also a testament to our sales culture and the strategy we’re focused on for years. Everyday, we focus on four things, I’ve mentioned on this call many times. The first is organic growth. Everyone in this company knows that nothing happens until somebody rings the cash register. The second thing we are after is mergers and acquisitions and attracting the best entrepreneurial talent in the marketplace to our growing family. Third is productivity and quality. We are always looking to do a better job for our clients and to improve our margins along the way. And fourth, we work hard everyday at maintaining our unique team oriented Gallagher culture. Thinking about these four things everyday has served us well and those are the four things we are going to stay focused on as we go into 2013 and beyond. When you look at our Brokerage segment and Risk Management segments together, adjusted revenue was up 14% in the quarter, 15% for all 2012; adjusted EBITDAC was up 17% for the quarter and 20% for the full year and margins expanded in the quarter and for the full year. All-in-all an excellent quarter, another record year for Gallagher; our production force is winning; we’ve turned on and really providing great results. The fourth quarter is our eight quarter in a row that we have posted positive organic growth. So many of the things that succeeded for us in 2012, we believe will carry over into 2013 and continue to prove successful for us again. In 2012, we completed 60 acquisitions bringing in annualized projected new revenues of $232 million. We project that $130 million of that will hit our books in 2013. This is again across all divisions, across all geographies and our pipelines still remains strong. These firms added greatly to the niche expertise we talk often about and to our geographic footprint. They brought us a couple of hundred new producers, who now are armed with our capabilities and who we expect will produce significant new business in 2013. Think about it. We give the production force greater opportunities to grow their book of business and to make more money. Our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett for 2012 had revenue growth of 7%, adjusted EBITDAC was up 11%, organic growth and base domestic and international fees for the quarter was 2.9%, but importantly, the way we handle our clients is recognized. Gallagher Bassett was recognized by business insurance readers as the top TPA for both small and medium sized companies and this is the fifth consecutive year we've been recognized by the readers of business insurance. Again, the sales culture is strong. New business was excellent throughout 2012, and was especially strong in the fourth quarter. In addition, we continue to have strong business retention. Our account retention across both segments is nicely in the mid-90s. Our sales teams are doing a fantastic job of explaining the value proposition that Gallagher has to offer through the entire insurance spectrum. Let me move to a number of individual operations and I will start with the Brokerage segment. In property casualty retail, we continue to see rates increasing; it feels as we start 2013 very similar to what we felt in 2012. Most lines are experiencing mid single-digit increases, catastrophe exposed property especially in the Northeast looks like it’s going to be up a little more than that and workers compensation could be a bit higher across the country as well. We are not experiencing a traditional hard market, but rates are moving up consistently across all lines and as I mentioned, workers comp is aligned in many states that’s in distress and we are seeing increases excess of 10% most of the time in that line. Again, this is not a balance sheet driven correction; these are income statement driven connections, carriers realize they are getting no investment income and loss cost are continuing to rise. With costs inflating, a flat renewal is actually a step backwards for the carrier. The senior managers at the insurance companies we trade most with remain resolute that their team has got to get them increases. We have not seen the discipline abate during the quarter. So by and large, rates are continuing in positive territory. I want to emphasize that I believe steady increases handled overtime are much better for our clients than a dramatic change; adjusting the low single-digit increases after virtually eight years of rate decreases is much more manageable for clients; nobody wins when rates jump 50% to 100% and insurance is difficult to buy. And also, remember, you have to recognize that rates are now still at levels we saw in 1999 which was before the last really hard market. As it relates to the economy, I believe that fiscal cliff and lack of clarity around taxes negatively impacted our clients businesses especially in the second half of 2012, but as we come into 2013 and there is more clarity around what’s going to happen in that regard, we believe our clients businesses are showing a little bit of improvement because we are seeing this in some positive audits. If we can see a continuation of positive rates and a little improvement in the economy, we believe we’ve got really good momentum going into 2013. Let me touch on our International Brokerage; we had a very strong quarter and a very strong 2012. The acquisition year ago of Heath Lambert has given us a great platform to bring a whole new opportunity to our merger and acquisition efforts. Our pipeline continues to be strong. We completed seven acquisitions internationally, four in the UK, one in Australia, one in the Caribbean and we purchased 21.3% of Grupo CP in Mexico which cements what was already an excellent relationship going back well over a decade, with the Casanueva family in Mexico City and it opens up great new opportunities for us in Central and Latin America. Our Wholesale and MGA business had a strong finish to the year; new business was strong, our hit ratios improved; on submissions, our submission growth was solid. We saw a continued organic growth in the business which we feel really good about. Our business is moving back to the excess and surplus markets and we have a team of professionals that know these markets inside and out. On the MGA side, according to business insurance, we’re the largest firm. We saw an improvement in new business startups which also helped this growth organically. Let me move to our benefits business and now I want to spend a little time here. The benefits business is in a really, really good position. I think we are positioned to do extremely well on behalf of our clients in what is a real changing environment. Our benefits operation did 33 acquisitions in 2012, and I think this is another example of our efforts to be prepared for the new healthcare law; those efforts really paying off. These new firms will bring in projected annualized revenue of $82 million. Now, what this is showing me again, and I have mentioned this to many of you, I believe that independent benefits brokers need much stronger consulting expertise in order to deal with the changing environment. I expect pressure to continue to build in that regard because as we get closer to 2014 many of the laws provisions go into effect.  So during 2012 we also announced the formation of a private exchange in partnership with liaison. We can now help our clients whether they prefer to continue with a defined benefit approach or defined contribution approach. Still too many clients are sitting on the sideline thinking that they are just going to maintain what they've got and deal with the law down the road sometime.  I had a long conversation with a sizeable client just last evening and I couldn’t get them off the dime as it relates to being prepared for 2014. I think that's going to create a tremendous opportunity for us. In the near-term and long-term we have built the expertise to be able to deal with this changing environment.  So I'll go back to our total M&A efforts this past year. 60 acquisitions, $232 million of new projected annualized revenue, our pipeline is strong and clearly a key part of our growth strategy is to see to attract strong entrepreneurs in our firm and to give them additional capabilities to grow.  As I do every quarter, I want to stop and just thank those who joined us. I know you had choices and we are very, very glad you chose us. Welcome to our expanding family and I know you will contribute substantially in 2013 and beyond.  Let me move now to our risk management segment. Another solid quarter, another great year, we've now completed our wind down of the New Zealand earthquake activity and we've ramped up our operation in South Australia.  Think about this, in two to three months we hired a 185 people. We got them situated, trained and ready to pay claims in two to three months, unbelievable work by the team. Our international operations contributed greatly in 2012 and they will even do a greater amount of contribution in 2013 especially with the addition of South Australia.  We've invested over the past year a new IT tools that we refer to as the analytical work bench. It is continue to be well received by our clients and we are continuing to invest in client based products and services which should keep us in a really strong position both for renewals and for developing new business.  And even with ongoing investments in our service offering, we maintained our target margins of 16%. I continue to be very excited about the power the company is building to help our clients in this really risky world.  Our culture as I mentioned before is strong and I can't emphasize this enough. We are client focused, team oriented, upbeat and winning. All of us are involved in selling and servicing our clients and we firmly believe as an enterprise we are just getting started.  Over to you Doug.
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Let's jump in and start on the second page of the earnings release with the brokerage segment. The first item you are used to seeing is the Heath Lambert integration cost. The (inaudible) size and we are on track to wrap up the integration in mid 2013.  So you will see just a couple of pennies of integration costs in the first and second quarter and then about $0.03 in the third quarter. The third quarter actually reflects the cost to consolidate almost all of our London operations into new space near Lloyd’s which will be the capstone on nearly two years of hard work by the team to put these organizations together.  The next item is a $0.05 charge relating to contracting our middle and back office. We took these actions at a time of strength because it was the proactive step to realize savings from our process improvement initiatives, increased utilization of our operational service centers and our investments in improving technologies. It’s also a prudent step to offset the impact of medical cost inflation to reduce the financial impact of our frozen pension plan and most importantly, allow us to continue to recognize and reward the broader work force. And the third item in the brokerage segment is we resolved some tax items in the fourth quarter that cost us a couple cents. Recall that we resolved some tax items in the second quarter that generated $0.02 of earnings. So while it creates some noise between quarters, for the year they offset and have no impact on our annual numbers. Moving slightly down to risk management, I’ve already hit on the severance cost item and the next item is the ramp up efforts to onboard our new clients in Australia that Pat discussed and as a reminder, that client should generate about $20 million of annual revenues here in 2013. Let’s move on to page three. The brokerage segment had a terrific organic growth quarter, up 5.2%. That’s excellent work by our production folks especially given they were also up nearly 5% in the fourth quarter of 2011.  Looking across our units, each of them posted excellent growth. We saw about 5% organic in our domestic P&C operations, a touch over 5% in our domestic benefits units and a little over 6% internationally, so strong work across the table. Turning next to the top of page four to the brokerage segment margin table. We're really pleased to continue to pose margin expansion here in the fourth quarter. Looking on an annual basis, for margins to be up 70 basis points on 4% organic growth is really, really good work by the team and more importantly, because we took the proactive steps to offset work force related benefit and compensation inflation, we're well positioned to control our compensation cost coming into 2013. Next, while we don’t normally spend time in these calls on the non-EBITDAC items, let me pause for a second and give you some thoughts related to modeling depreciation, amortization and change in acquisition earn outs in 2013.  For depreciation, assume about $8 million of expense per quarter, for amortization assume about $27 million of expense per quarter plus you will need to make a [gap] for amortization from new M&A activity that arises in 2013.  And finally, for change in acquisition earn outs assume about $3 million of expense per quarter and that will cover the amortization of the discounted earn out payables. Also as my annual reminder, please use our investor supplement that we post on the website to build your models.  The adjusted pages removed is difficult to compare items which is helpful when you search your baselines, it also highlights how seasonally small we are in the first quarter which like I said last year has become even more pronounced because Heath Lambert is also seasonally smallest in the first quarter. Okay, move down on page four to the risk management organic table. The temporary revenues related to the New Zealand earthquake claims are all but gone and without those we posted nearly 3% organic. This is down a bit from previous quarter and we believe that as an anomaly for two reasons.  First, we eased back a bit on new business in Australia as a team ramped up for the new $20 million account and we did lose a decent account which unfortunately happens from time-to-time in a competitive business but we believe that’s an anomaly.  That said, looking to post 5.7% organic for the full-year is really good work in an economy that isn’t seen much employment growth. As we look towards 2013, we have seen an organic growth environment similar to what we saw in 2012 plus we'll add about $5 million per quarter of revenues from our new Australian client. Moving to the middle of page five, the risk management margins. We call last year at this time, the team set out to push its adjusted EBITDAC margins up about 50 basis points to 16% and also cover about a 4 margin point of cost to development some exciting client centric tools and resources, and you can see that they delivered. It was great work by the team. This investing will continue in 2013, with productivity gains, we are still targeting 16 points of margin. All right, let's move to the bottom of page five to the shortcut table for our corporate segment.  For the fourth quarter, we posted a loss of $0.05 which was right in line with our $0.04 to $0.07 loss that we forecasted in our third quarter call. For the year, we came in at $0.03 versus a loss of $0.26 in 2011; virtually all of that improvement came from clean energy investment earnings. As for 2013, rather than rattling through a lot of numbers on this call, we have expanded page 14 of our investment supplement on the website to include our current best guess range for each of this corporate segment line items. The punch line from that schedule is that the corporate segment should post between $0.17 and $0.34 of earnings in 2013 plus $0.03 of loss here in ‘12. Page 14 also shows quarterly ranges because is pronounced seasonality in our clean energy investment earnings, so please use that page when building your quarterly models. As a last part in clean energy investments, it’s important to remember that it was only 13 months ago that the team built in placing this service 15 new plants. Now when you read page six of the earnings release, you will see that we are only left with the few uncommitted plans. Then when you look at page 14 of the supplement, you will see that we could make between $75 million and $90 million in 2013 from these investments, and that we continue to have success in ramping up the other plans that could bode well for even better earnings in 2014. The important takeaway on all this is that these investments could generate substantial cash flows which we would use to continue to fund our M&A program. That leads me to my wrap up commentary on capital management and funding our M&A growth.  In our last earnings call I said we had not used much stock to do M&A in the fourth quarter and we did not. As we look towards 2013, we intend to again favor cash and more debt to fund our M&A activity and avoid using stock. We currently have about $160 million of cash in the bank and we are also working on another $200 million of 10 year notes. All that said, if M&A activity exceeds last year and realize from time to time we must use stock and tax for exchanges then we might need to use some shares. But we are currently favoring cash and debt. So those are my comments. It’s been a really exciting year, but its time to put 2012 on the shelf and focus on delivering some excellent results here again in 2013. Okay back to you Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you Doug and Christine we are ready for questions, hopefully some answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I have one question on the charge, just trying to understand kind of what came first, was it the expectation that you would have that kind of $35 million expense or was it the expectation that you would incur these work force savings. Just trying to understand, have a thought process around the determination of that number, thanks.
Doug Howell: Good, just to clarify, we take $12 million of severance in related costs of charges and we expect to save about $35 million of which much of that will be offset by what we refer to as just work force inflation. Those were planned reductions based on our work in August and September to look at our staffing levels in light of the ramp up of our offshore centers of excellence and looking at our technologies and looking at our productivity gains. So it was a necessary step in order to harvest the savings that we expect as a result of the investments and just getting better at what we do everyday.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I mean but if we were to peel that out, just peel that piece out for a second, the second part which is the increased medical costs, reduced discount rate on the pension plan, salary increases, performance based compensation, long term incentive, did you know, is that new or was that the result of the study or was that something that you kind of expected that you would be incurring anyway down the road.
Doug Howell: Those costs are always in place. Medical cost is going up. I think the decline in pension yields has been there and we've known about that and giving raises to and incentive comp to our broader work force, it’s something that is in our numbers every year. So this is something we just took, we saw it, but there was no surprise there at all.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Arash Soleimani with Stifel Nicolaus.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus:  I just wanted to clarify on Doug’s comment on the M&A financing. Would it be fair to assume that it would be roughly 75% cash and then 25% stock, is that kind of a fair breakdown?
Doug Howell: No, we intend to use 100% cash and debt to fund our M&A program unless for some reason in the structure of a deal, we need to use stock in order for tax to be at tax rate exchange, and if we have a merger partner that has a strong, strong desire to hold stock, we would consider give it in the stock in that transaction. But by and large, we are going to favor cash and debt.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus: That’s should continue in to 2014 also that logic?
Doug Howell: Yes, it should. But again if our acquisition appetite grows, we would have to use stock in the deal. We're trying to keep our debt somewhere south of two times debt-to-EBITDA. So at some point, if we really have a strong M&A pipeline, we would be back to using stock towards the end of the year.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus: My other question, in terms of monetizing (inaudible) is there any update in terms of timing of that or?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We had talked about that last year, trying to be ready by the end of ‘12 on that. We think its port more of a mid-2013 exercise at this point.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then lastly, in terms of the health exchange, I know you have the partnership with Liaison. Are you guys also looking to form other partnerships with other exchange platforms or do you think that’s going to be the primary partner over the next 12 to 24 months? 
Doug Howell: We are entertaining partnerships with other providers as well. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Gregory Locraft with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Just wanted to pursue - the core operations look great, just on the coal side a very helpful chart in the supplement where you give forward guidance. Can you just go backwards though and talk a bit about what the guidance was versus what the actual came in at for clean energy and why the differences? 
Doug Howell: Fourth quarter guidance we guided $0.04 to $0.07 of loss for a corporate segment. The clean energy production in the fourth quarter wasn’t quite as high as I had probably guided generally due to warmer weather in a couple of locations where we have plants. So compared to the fourth quarter we are little short on that but still not too bad. 
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so what you really want us Doug to do is to focus on the corporate segment guidance all in, not in the component parts as much, because obviously we keep cutting finally the numbers and there is going to be puts and takes. What I am trying to understand is just 75 to 91 on clean energy, how baked in the cake is that? What’s the difference between 75, what’s the difference between 91? 
Doug Howell: I understand your question, we are highly dependent on the activities of the utility to dictate how much they actually burden of refined fuel or clean coal. So we sit down and we go through each of our utility partners and we get their best guess with respect to production for the next year, and we do suffer from weather issues, from plant maintenance issues. So I would say that our $70 million to $90 million is our best guess at this point, based on what we know now, and so I think it’s a range that we feel reasonably comfortable with.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then any of this contracts that you talk about in the release spread could come through mid-year, is that all upside?
Doug Howell: We are taking our best guess with respect to ramp up of all the plans that we disclose in page 6, but it does not include any of our best guess for the plans that have not been put into the construction phase at this point.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, perfect great. And then jumping into the M&A side just an awesome year, as you mentioned, it seems like people are choosing you with the destination. So I guess what I am trying to do is just model it, and I think you have been very upfront in saying take off free cash flow, do we then add an additional amount due to the clean energy funding so say $75 million bucks on top of free cash and then that becomes affectively the budget for M&A in 2013 and forward?
Doug Howell: Yes.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Perfect, okay, any incremental debt you would add, because you just mentioned less then two times and you could squeeze some in there.
Doug Howell: In my comments I said we are right now looking at adding $200 million.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I missed that.
Doug Howell: So we got a $160 million in the balance sheet, we got free cash flows that will develop this year plus $200 million of debt, so we have a lot of money to spend on acquisition this year.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Great, and then what's the rough revenue range at which you buy these things at, or how should we think about backing into, what if it can get in the market?
Doug Howell: Our multiples of EBITDA have been between 6 and 8 times historically.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, perfect.
Doug Howell: We don't buy on revenue, we buy on EBITDA.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, of course, okay. Okay, that's great. And then the last one from me is the organic is sort of above that 3% threshold, where I think you guys have said at least in the past I think you got margin expansion above that level. So it seems like we should continue to, you know, we are running at a good clip there and no break in trends, so should we just expect kind of what we've been seeing going forward on the brokerage side?
Doug Howell: Well, we feel like the environment this year is a lot like last year at this time. When it comes to margin I've always said that if you expand, don't expect much margin expansion greater than, unless we have organic greater than 3% on the brokerage side and 5% on the risk management, but what the proactive steps we've taken to control our compensation and benefit, the natural inflation in that we feel good about our prospects for holding and then expanding margin in 2013.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. I'll squeeze one last one just for Pat then, just your view on the cycle, you mentioned quite bullish comments on pricing and where it’s heading. Do you see an acceleration in the rate of change or do you think we are more in a unique world where we’re in call it 5% to 10% depending on the line for the next few years
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think we are in a unique situation. This is my fourth cycle and it’s completely different than anything I have ever seen before. I do think it’s in that 5% to 8% continual pressure to push rates up.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, multi-year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, we are going into the third one right now.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sarah DeWitt of Barclays. Pleas state your question.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  I was wondering if you could elaborate on what drove the acceleration in brokerage organic growth versus the third quarter and maybe if you could break that down between what you are seeing in terms of rate versus exposure versus new to lost business that would be really helpful?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'll give you a general comment and let Doug comment on the break out if he can. But, we just had a great fourth quarter in new business and retention. I mean frankly coming into the fourth quarter and December in particular you know what your pipeline looks like and you don't know what your orders are going to look like. It’s an aggravating quarter and an aggravating month for me to be perfectly honest, because you can get hurt by one big loss, you can really be helped by various operations doing well and this is just as time we are in the fourth quarter and in December in particular across every geography, so our international operations had an incredible quarter, our MGAs and wholesalers strong organic growth, I already commented on our benefits operation and our straight PC retail folks knocked it out of the park in the quarter and it really comes down to incrementally keeping a better rate of retention and adding more new business. And in Doug’s comments this is the thing that I'm really proud of, it was a tough quarter to compare. Last year, if you recall in the fourth quarter, we also did 5% organic and didn't see that level of organic growth again for the three next quarters and to have a big quarter last year and then to do it again this year is just solid work by the team.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think that Pat hit it; I mean basically we didn't get a lot of lift this quarter from economy and we didn't get a lot of lift from rate, it was just a little better new business and a little less loss business. So that's what we are seeing.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: The rate increases that we talked about by the way, I should comment on this, the rate increases that we are talking about by a comp by comp, we are working very hard to offset those for our clients. So we are seeing about 1% impact on our revenues from rate, so don't be thinking that just because the carriers are getting an 8% rate increase that necessarily our clients are paying that, they will take higher deductibles, they will move to self insurance; if it's really in a situation where they are squeezed economically, they will reduce coverage and overall impact in our numbers is just 1% from rate.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Great, that’s helpful. And then on risk management business, can you just talk about where you are seeing in terms of clean trends there and based on your comment, is it right to think about the right run rate for organic growth around the 6% range in that business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, we thought the lower run rate for organic in the fourth quarter was an anomaly, and frankly, we did have some impact there, negative impact from a bit of a slower economy. So yes, I would think that our more normalized run rate would be something along the lines of 5% to 6%.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay. And finally if I could just squeeze one more in, on the Australia business; is that business running around the 16% margin as well or something different?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, about 16.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Pat, did you say how the workers comp claims were looking within risk management?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Did I say how they are looking?
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Yeah.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We didn’t mentioned it, but I can tell you we're not seeing claim count growth, because we're not seeing employment growth and what we are seeing is the same thing that the insurance carriers are finding is that we're seeing medical inflation within the comp line to a point where the medical costs are growing much faster than the indemnity costs.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Right. How about the, you had mentioned, I think the new business startups were looking better. Could you elaborate on that a little bit?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, especially in our MGA book business market, that’s very sensitive to that. So when the economy tanked in ‘09 and ‘10 and really for that business to do well we need bars and taverns and tattoo parlors and people like that to start businesses and when they do, they end up in the excess and surplus market and then specialty programs and so we are seeing -- we have over the last really three quarters seen some improvement in business startup which is helping us in our MGAs. 
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Yeah, and the final question just touching on the margin issue again, Doug kind of the 5% organic but 40 basis points margin in brokerage. Should we expect a bit more than that if you are able to hold it kind of organic growth or is that an appropriate number? 
Doug Howell: No, I think there is behind the 40 basis points expansion of margin this quarter there is a couple of subtleties that I think you should think about. First is, margins would have expanded probably another 20 basis points, but our 2012 tranche acquisition of M&A partners happened to be seasonally smaller in the fourth quarter just like Heath Lambert is smaller in the first quarter, this tranche of acquisitions tends to have smaller margins in the fourth quarter. We also spent about another 25 basis points on more travel this quarter; half of that was related to the M&A activity, so may be 12 basis points of expansion; about six basis points were related to our efforts to harvest the productivity improvements that we have talked about that led to our workforce contraction and then may be another six basis points related just more to organic travel to get out there and see our clients and pick up new business. So I am not saying that those are one-timers, but they did have an impact on margin expansion in the quarter that would not have the seasonality and maybe just little less M&A activity, probably would have expanded another 20 to 40 basis points.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: I know you can count on that level of detail from the award winning CFO.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: There you go Mark.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Again, I’ll intrude by asking one more, how do those things look when we look at 1Q, the seasonality, the travel, productivity issues etcetera, are they is the impact similar kind of the slightly diluted in 1Q, or should it be more positive in 1Q?
Doug Howell: I think that the organic travel for new business and for our new business and our existing clients will be there in the first quarter, but that is only six basis points of costs. I think there is always a natural slowdown in M&A activity in the first quarter; there is, generally if you look at M&A activities and you do 60 deals, you know the first quarter people are kind of just catching their breath and then they target to get stuff down before the end of the year. So we always say we do a year worth of acquisitions in nine months, so that should be not be there the next quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please state your question.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Contingents on supplementals were up pretty good in 2012, how much of that is maybe having new carriers come into program or how much of that is just normal growth and what do you expect for 2013?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I’ll touch on where it’s coming from and let Doug touch on what is sort of forecasting for next year. This is more about having new partners through the merger and acquisition process than it is new carriers coming in. Most of our supplementals and contingents are coming from the same partners that we worked with in building those programs over the last four or five years and its building more volume with the carriers that support us essentially with those revenues. 
Doug Howell: Yeah, to contributing to that Adam is that we spent a lot of time on carrier analysis and compensation analysis and that's starting to pay some benefits there. As we look into 2013 frankly, the teams are hard at working with the carriers right now to come up with fair supplemental and contingent commission agreement. So I really won't have a big deal of that until the April call.  Overall, if you model that equal to what we did this year, you wouldn't be too terribly far off and then also we are starting to see a few carriers start talking about moving back from supplemental into contingents. That would create a timing issue perhaps that we normally accrued during the year but we might get it next March. So, I will give you more guidance on that in April on our call.
Adam Klauber - William Blair:  In the benefit business, there's been pressure on commissions for smaller businesses, 50 lives in west even 100 lives in west; is there any movement by the health insurers to push that up past that 100 to 50 lives?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You know Adam for us its really, that's kind of a non-event to be honest. We don't do an awful lot of business in the under 100 life case area. What we do is primarily above that level and when you get over a 100 lives whether even if the client chooses to pay it by commission, it’s a disclosed, negotiated discussed fee and so it comes through our books as commission but its really what the client agrees and we have for a decade now made it very clear to clients that in essence under risk for 20 plus years we've been transparent with our clients. If we have a certain level of cost, we need to cover that to do the work for the client. We are very transparent about that, we are very open and so the pressure on insurance companies to reduce commissions is not really impacting our benefits book-of-business at all.
Adam Klauber - William Blair:  Can you give some idea what was organic in the benefits business this year in 2012?
Doug Howell: It is almost the same as what it was for the whole company.
Adam Klauber - William Blair:  Okay, so pretty solid year and also in that same vein, how is organic in the London operations and Heath?
Doug Howell: It’s good. I think that I'm actually pretty pleased with that. The revenue retention there, I think that we are culling out some of that book-of-business as we look at it to say if we can't make money we will put it out. They are doing a good job of holding in there and we picked up some nice accounts over there too. I think that…
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We picked up some very nice risk management accounts with their risk management team and the team that we had in London before the acquisition. We've done an excellent job of holding on to books of business in both the affinity which is small business programs that we have as well as middle market and in the branches around the UK.  And as I said, we bolted on [four] acquisitions that we never would have been able to do if we hadn't done the deal so all in all organic growth is strong there and M&A growth is strong there and the team has done a really good job of integrating that business.  Just as an example how difficult that is, you can imagine Heath Lambert’s benefits programs were substantially different than our Arthur J. Gallagher’s benefits programs. Harmonizing those is really, really difficult and our team did a fantastic job of working through that so that we are all now one company, one set of benefits across the entire platform. That's just one example of the work that had to be done.
Adam Klauber - William Blair:  Great and one last question what was the end of period shares if you haven't said that?
Doug Howell: Let's see, let me pull it out here its 425,600,000.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brian Durubio of Yield Capital. Please state your question.
Brian Durubio - Yield Capital: Pat, a question for you, maybe, if Scott since there maybe he can answer it. If I heard you correctly a few moments ago, you said, you didn’t see much in terms of claim count growth in Gallagher Bassett. Is that correct?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Organic claim count growth. Yes.
Brian Durubio - Yield Capital: So how should we think about employment growth, the [ADP] numbers were pretty good this morning. How that translates in to potential claim account growth? Is there any correlation that we can look to?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It is very correlated. Gallagher Bassett is incredibly sensitive to the economy. When you are working three shifts and you take that down to one shift, you are going to lose two-thirds of your claim count. [Scott], go ahead. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, we look at two things. I mean there is the overall claim count growth which is influenced by the new business that we bring on and then we also breakout kind of existing claim count growth and that’s the part that we kind of correlate to the economy specifically and that part of it is, we are talking about 5% to 6% claim count growth overall. The part that it is influenced by the economic growth that existing clients are about 1% to 2%, it is still relatively low and so until we see an uptick in the economic activity that part of it won't go much above that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I would also comment, Brian. We're not seeing FTE hires in our benefits book either. Our clients are not hiring people. Their businesses are getting a little better but they are not stepping up and hiring people.
Brian Durubio - Yield Capital: Okay, next question then, it's probably (inaudible) by Pat, yourself and Doug. So, inflation, there are signs of inflations moving up higher, you are seeing it in the yields of 10-year treasuries most notably. So I guess the two part question Pat for you how do you see that affecting pricing in the business in general and for you Doug I know you talked about raising $200 million in debt this year, but with your six and a quarter percent notes do in about [80 months] from now, would it make more sense for you to lever up a little bit more so you are locking them a lower rate for a longer period of time for when that bond matures in 80 months?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.:  Let me take the first half of your question Brad and then Doug can talk about the capital management secondly. I am really impressed within this cycle and I think this is both information situation as well as just strong management.  Senior management at the insurance companies know where they are making money, they know by line, by city, by country, by state they really have information at their finger tips. As I have said before, this is one of the first times in my career where what I am hearing from the senior executives at insurance companies is actually happening exactly as they are saying it on the street.  There is usually a bit of a disconnect as you are getting towards the end of a cycle and they know exactly what’s happening to their cost structure and if costs are inflating which (inaudible) is in fact inflating and medical is in fact inflating, they recognize loss cost are going up and they know exactly what percent that is and what the impact will be on the next year and they are going to try to cover that loss cost with rate increases and it’s actually quite impressive, they are doing a very, very good job.  And I think our people are getting better and better at explaining that to clients because when it first came about three, four quarters ago may be six quarters ago frankly, all the people we had hired for eight years all they had ever done is sell cheaper insurance with broader terms and all of a sudden they are explaining to clients that carriers have no return and they are having to become more sophisticated in how they explain how insurance works to clients and its been quite impressive and I do think that as long as yields remained suppressed, you are going to see carriers that fight hard to try to cover their cost of capital.
Doug Howell: Yeah, in terms of debt Brian, I think that, let keep those $200 million put to bad and then what we need to look at little bit of longer term, it doesn't paid right now to do that at this point, but if we have a little bit of trough in rates still for the rest of the year, we would look at doing something with our 2017 tranche.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please take your question.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: Pat, in light of your expense cuts, are you changing the dynamics of the 3% organic been the breakeven of margin hurdle?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Bob, great question and yes, you should look at that, it's in the past I have said that it takes 3% to cover the natural inflation that goes on inside of our book, if we believe we cut that natural inflation by this reduction enforce then it would stand to reason that we probably could have margin expansion at less than 3%, so you are providing the linkage there.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: I have next seen recovery from restructuring charges so dynamic 200% plus ROI how does that phase in?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It’s immediate.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: So its $35 million, I mean, I didn't know that was annual cost or cumulative cost recovery?
Doug Howell: No that's our one time severance cost we expect to harvest $35 million of savings.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: $35 million accumulative or $35 million a year, I guess that's what I was…
Doug Howell: Per year.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: $35 million per year.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Which will offset additional costs Bob, don’t drop that in the EBITDA.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: No I wasn’t, but I just wanted to make sure I understood your recovery. So that's evenly in the first quarter, your run rate is down by 8.5 million a quarter and you are going to spend some of that on inflation.
Doug Howell: Correct.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. On the, it sounded like Pat for (inaudible) port cycle that we've had together, you are more bullish for this cycle than I have heard you on the environment, is that a correct read or…
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah Bob if I can get mid single digit increases in rate and if our clients businesses can recover to even a 2% economic growth, with our new business machine we will show very solid organic growth which is what showed up in the fourth quarter and if you give me 5% to 8% organic growth and I'm not predicting 8% right now, but if you see a real change in the economy and rates stay affirming you can show some real growth at the profit line.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ray Iardella with Macquarie.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Just a couple of numbers question because I guess a lot of the topics have been covered already, but maybe Doug can you talk about the tax rate on the core business, I know we spent some time talking about the clean energy initiatives, but it seems like you guys maybe are expecting a lower tax rate going forward.
Doug Howell: Yeah, good question Ray if you read in our press release and income tax section we have moved historically we would say 39% to 41%, we are kind of south of that now. That has to do with the mix of our international business. As we grow internationally the tax rates in those jurisdictions are less than what we have here and so that does have a tendency to bring down the rate.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: And then I know you mentioned the one large client on the risk management side, margins around 16%, but any other sort of drag you guys expect in the first quarter from bringing some of those hires online.
Doug Howell: No I think actually we should hit the ground running with respect to our South Australia clients, so I don't expect it to drag.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: And then international versus domestic cash do you have that.
Doug Howell: Yeah, we have about 40 million free in the US and about 120 million internationally. So when I gave the 160 million in free cash, its about 40 in the US and a 120 internationally.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay and then I think I missed the number at the very beginning Pat in your prepared remarks, where you talked about you know $232 million of acquisitions that you guys did in 2012 but what was the expectation for 2013 for those acquisitions.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: A $130 million. 
Doug Howell: The roll over rate. 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: That’s the roll over. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Joshua Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Doug can we talk a little bit about ace of plants coming online throughout 2013 comparing the early part of the year to the late part of the year.
Doug Howell: Just say your question again. You beeped out on the first part of the question.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Sorry ace of expectations for the pace of plants coming online.
Doug Howell: The pace that we have in here is, if you add up the ultimate numbers on page six, you get a number higher than what we have on page 14 of the investor supplement. So what that would imply is that the pace is probably a three months set back. So if you think about the pace of these plant coming on, not going to each one of them, but we have two that we think is going to be in mid-2013 and then the ones that were currently like we have been selected as the finalist, those would come up in the fourth quarter if that works. So I think the pace on six rather than going through each one is our best guess, but we’ve given our selves a few months cushion age of those pieces.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and Pat, you said a word that I talked about a lot, but I don’t hear a lot. Self insurance as at protection for your clients to avoid paying higher rates. Towards that can you see now and forecasting if we are in this continues rate environment that self insurance becomes a larger part of the pie.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Every single cycle, every single cycle it does and in particular, the workers compensation line. Workers compensation is running very high. Combined loss expense ratio for the industry as a whole, something on probably north of probably north of 115%. That’s going to create a natural push from the carriers to increase workers comp premiums and those will be offset by people who will join pools, find together to create ways to self insure. It will take individual clients that will form captives or group captives and you will also see just individual clients that are on the cusp, taking more risk themselves, working harder at loss prevention and trying to not pay the premium but pay the losses themselves. This is our wheelhouse. This is what built our company. We got in to this in the 60s and in every single cycle, this is what expand for us greatly and that really benefits Gallagher Bassett as well as the brokerage side. Now remember part of that is a little bit self defeating on the brokerage side, because if we are writing an account with a very high commission that then take self insurance and takes a huge retention, our commission has actually come down. The fees on the Gallagher Bassett side our new fees that we didn’t have, but those are little bit lower in terms of margin. Nonetheless it’s the right thing to do for our clients and we are really, really good at it. 
Operator: Our last question is coming from Brett Huff of Stevens. Please state your question. 
Brett Huff - Stevens: Two questions Pat you said all in you guys end up sort of squeezing the rate down to 1% on brokerage, should I just to do the math and that implies a 4% in terms of unit growth? 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. 
Brett Huff - Stevens: Okay. And the second one and you mentioned Doug a little bit on this in terms of the acquired revenue seasonality and in terms of a little bit lower margin and I don’t know if Doug or Pat is best one for this, but more generally in the just really big push you guys have done on M&A, have those new businesses you acquired come in at a lower margin and if so what is your expectation for expanding that margin to get back to a higher level or your average level or whatever can you sort of give us a sense of that? 
Doug Howell: I think of the portfolio of acquisitions if you look overtime, they come in not that dissimilar to us. So I wouldn’t say that the fuel margin or depressed margin, you can get some quarterly anomalies like we talked about here, but by and large they look a lot like us and that’s an important strategy of our M&A strategy. When it comes to most of these deals, we want to buy successful, growing entrepreneurs that know how to run a business to make money for themselves and because we want them to make money for us together as a combined organization, we try not to ever buy small deal that’s a turnaround, we try not to buy retirements, we want to buy people, we want to continue to produce for us, and that they have shown that they can make for their family. If they don't make money for their family, they are never going to make money for us when they come in. So buy and large these are successful entrepreneurs that run margins that are on par with ours.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: In some instance it is better than ours.
Brett Huff - Stevens: Right, and there is nothing about this, the truant, the big truant that you guys acquired this year that's better or worse than that sort of historical view?
Doug Howell: No, the truants that I am talking about, they just were seasonally smaller in the fourth quarter, full year they are on par with us.
Brett Huff - Stevens: Okay, that's what I needed, thanks again.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Christine is that it for questions.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Great, let me just make a brief wrap up comment then. Again thank you all of you for being on the call this morning, we appreciate it. As you can tell we are pleased with our 2012 results, we are excited about 2013; we believe we got a solid strategy. We have a team that we believe the second to none and we look forward to continue to grow the enterprise in 2013 and beyond. So thank you again for being with us. Thank you Kristine and that we will end our call today.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President and CEO Douglas K. Howell – Chief Financial Officer James W. Durkin – Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley Brett Huff – Stevens Incorporated Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Chris Lakim – William Blair Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs Ray Iardella – Macquarie Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher and Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Rob, thank you very much, and good morning everyone, welcome to our third quarter call. This morning, I’m joined by Doug Howell, Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating division. For those of you that are out east, we hope your families are safe that’s cleared your weather a heck of a monster storm. For the safety of our people we did close many of our offices as well, we’re working very hard to get back to our offices to handle the thousands of claims that we know we filed after the safety of our people servicing our clients is our number one priority. So hope all of you are well today. As our customer make some remarks about the quarter and Doug will add additional color and we’ll get pretty quickly to questions-and-answers. Again this quarter I’m very pleased with our results, across all of our operating businesses globally we’re producing growth for our shareholders and getting stronger in our capabilities to serve our clients. I believe these capabilities are evident in the numbers that we posted with you last night. Adjusted brokerage revenue is up 14% in the quarter, 17% year-to-date with organic growth of 4% is another excellent quarter. Adjusted EBITDAC in the brokerage up 20%, 22% year-to-date with margins up by 141 basis points is also excellent, year-to-date we’ve closed 43 acquisitions bringing in over a $170 million of additional revenue to our company. We’ve acquired businesses across all of our operating divisions five internationally and our pipeline continues to be very, very strong. Our risk management segment had revenue growth on adjusted basis of 5%, EBITDAC was up adjusted 6%, organic growth in our base, domestic and international fees was 5%, when you put the two segments together our brokerage and risk management together, adjusted revenues grew 12% and adjusted EBITDAC grew 18%. I could not be proud of our team, our sales culture is strong. We continued to sell new accounts and to keep those accounts we have. Account retention remains nicely in the mid 90s which we view as continuing to be very strong and everyday everywhere in the world our sales teams are explaining why Gallagher is the right risk management partner to help client’s deal with this risky world. Let me touch on a number of the individual operations and I’ll start with the brokerage segment. In our property casualty retail area we continue to see rate increases across most of the lines of coverage in across all geographic locations. Any rate environment that is flat or a little better is extremely helpful to our growth. From 2003 through 2011, we saw consistent and persistent rate decreases. We return from the CIAB that’s the Council of Insurance Agents and Brokerage meeting at the end of last month, I can tell you that after many meetings with the management teams of our largest trading partners it was very apparent, they know where they’re making or losing money, they understand their loss costs are inflating and they are committed to continuing the rate increases. Let me touch just briefly on the economy, we believe that we are still seeing our clients businesses improving. Now this is a slow no higher recovery that we’re feeling and it does feel fragile that positive audits continue to come through our system and it appears that our clients businesses are improving. Our international brokerage is having a very strong year and a very solid quarter, as I said last quarter, our Heath acquisition has brought many new opportunities to grow our business. Internationally we’ve closed five acquisitions this year, having a solid retail platform in the UK is working and we’re recruiting new sales talent that we couldn’t have attracted before this transaction. Our global growth is a growing and exciting part of our story. Our wholesale and NGA business had another strong quarter, submissions are up as are the number and the percent of those submissions that are actually becoming orders. Clearly business is moving back into the access and surplus market. Our benefits business solid year so far we’ve completed 23 acquisitions for over $50 million of revenue this year. We believe this is affirmation that’s small benefits brokers are recognizing, they need our expertise and modeling capabilities to survive. In the quarter we announced the formation of a private exchange and partnership with liaison, we believed private exchanges will be an important alternative under the new law and we wanted our clients to know we are committed to providing solutions for their benefits needs, whether to find benefits or to find contributions, Gallagher has the capabilities to help. The new Healthcare Reform referred to as Obamacare creates ever more opportunities us to help our customers navigate the changes that are underway. As I mentioned our merger and acquisition activity is strong and we’ve completed 43 acquisitions for a total of a $170 million of revenue, clearly this strategy is very important for our growth and it’s a key component for our team. We’ve literally dozens of additional opportunities in our pipeline. As I do every quarter, I want to stop a moment and thank those great firms who joined us this quarter, I know you had choices and I’m proud you chose Gallagher, welcome to our growing family. Let me move to risk management, another strong financial quarter, organic growth on our base, domestic and international fees of 5% continue to be strong. We’ve successfully wand down the work we were doing for the New Zealand earthquake authority and we’ve added another significant account to our Australian business that Doug will mention in his comments. We successfully launched a number of new tools to our risk facts IT system, we call this the analytics workbench which provides a whole host of new analytic tools for clients to better understand and manage their cost to risk. In the quarter we also invested in and brought a board a new Chief Client Officer to continue our pursuit and providing the industry’s top and best client experience. We continue to work very hard to prove to our clients that Gallagher Bassett claim handling will reduce claim costs. We’ve mentioned many times on these calls that a Gallagher we focus on four strategic areas and so organic growth, mergers and acquisitions, productivity and addition maintaining our unique culture. I can tell you our culture is strong, our company works in teams throughout the world concentrating and helping our most important stakeholder our clients. We get up everyday committed to serving and keeping clients, getting new business in the door, improving productivity and margins. I’m pleased those efforts helped us produce a solid result in the third quarter. Over to you, Doug.
Douglas Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning everyone. And as Pat said, best of luck to all of those in the east coast that are suffering from the storm. Okay, overall it’s nice to post another strong quarter, let’s start on the first page of the earnings release in the brokerage segment. You’ll see two sense of Heath Lambert integration cost and a penny of severance which is right inline with our comments from the last conference call. The team is doing a great job of integrating our UK operations and we still believe we are on track to rap up that process in mid 2013. So as a reminder, you’ll continue to see $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter of integration charges until then. Turning to page two, another really solid organic growth quarter, I’ve note, it’s our seventh straight quarter of organic growth in positive territory which is fantastic after having endured 14 quarters of negative or no organic growth during the great recession. And we’re particularly pleased that we saw a 4% organic in our domestic P&C operations about 4% organic growth in our domestic benefit operations and about 4% growth in international, so clearly across the board nice growth in each of our units. In terms of supplemental and contingent commissions they came in right inline with what we said last quarter and at that time we explained that deteriorating loss ratios on a couple whole selling programs would not pay as much as they did in 2011. As for the fourth quarter, we’re seeing supplemental and contingent commissions about flat the prior year. Turning to page three, our brokerage segment continued to show improvement in our comp ratio and our operating expense ratio, resulting in a 141 basis point improvement in our adjusted EBITDAC margin, this marks the fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year margin expansion, clearly that’s excellent work by the team. Moving to the risk management segment on page four, you’ll see solid organic growth continued success and earning performance bonus revenues and that we’ve longed down most of our work on settling the New Zealand earthquake claims. As for margin, we are heading our targeted margin of about 16% and still making important investments into the business. Two special items to note for the fourth quarter in our risk management segment, first a reminder that in 2007 we earned well over a penny from the New Zealand earthquake claim settling process and that won’t repeat this year. And second, we picked up a very large account in Australia effective January 1st 2013. Ramp up cost in the fourth quarter will costs us really $0.02 of share but from 2013 we expect to generate about $20 million of revenues from that client. So while just to ramp up cost this year it’s a really, really great win for our team down under coming into 2013. Next, let’s turn to page five to the corporate segment. I’ll give you some help on building your fourth quarter models then I’ll give you some early thinking around 2013. Running down the table on page five, here is how we’re seeing the fourth quarter 2012, all of these amounts of are net of tax. Assume about $7 million of interest and banking costs in the fourth quarter. About $2 million of acquisition costs, about $3 million to $4 million of corporate cost and then assume about $5 to $9 million of clean energy investment earnings in the fourth quarter. When you get done, the corporate segment should show a loss in the fourth quarter of about $0.04 to $0.07, I know that’s somewhat of a wide range but we simply do not have clear insight of fourth quarter clean energy production levels and we also be spending more to ramp up 2013 production. So when we look out towards 2013 we suggest that you model the quarterly interest in banking acquisition and corporate cost lines about the same as the fourth quarter of 2012 and now will get you close. Then please take a few minutes to read the paragraphs on page five about our clean energy investments and you’ll see that we’re gaining significant momentum getting idle plants producing. If you add up the numbers on page five for the ultimate production levels, then cushion it a bit for timing, maintenance and operational tweaking, you’ll see that our 2013 earnings from clean energy investments can total $70 million to $90 million in 2013. If we make that much from the investments, it will more than cover the interest M&A and corporate costs and in fact of corporate segment could post $0.15 to $0.30 per share of earnings for the full year of 2013. On a quarterly basis, assume that the corporate segment might break, might get to break even for the first quarter and then spread the $0.15 to $0.30 across the last three quarters. Clearly that’s an early and rough estimate in a wide range but it should give you a start. As for capital management, we have a robust M&A pipeline but we believe our cash position will allow us to do mostly cash deals that are here in the fourth quarter. So those are my comments and just as a rap up comment, it’s been an excellent nine month on all front and our team is working very hard to close out 2012 strong and get after 2013. So those are my comments, back to you Pat.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you. Rob, we’re ready to open the lines for questions-and-answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning guys.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning. Greg, how are you?
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Good, good. It’s been a busy few days here and actually you’re the first call for the industry, so I know it’s likely much early to judge, but any thoughts on Sandy and the implications for the industry from your vantage point?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well Greg, you hit on it. It’s awfully early but historically when we look back at major storms going all the way back to ‘92 with Andrew obviously Katrina, I’ll be giving a presentation down in Florida in a couple of weeks and I did go to the insurance information institute and get some information on the top 10 storms and Katrina was by far the largest. And then, second to that was a storm that was probably came in been around 15 billion to 20 billion. So you got the northeast, we’ve talked for years about the fact that a storm that took that track could in fact be the biggest storm ever because the value concentration that there in the northeast. Storm surge I know was unbelievably huge, but the winds weren’t as rough as it could have been. So I have no dollar amount and the industry, there is people rattling around through all numbers all left and right and I just think it’s way too early to tell. I will tell you from my experience though, the first numbers that you hear as the week unfolds that is next week unfolds, multiply it by two or three.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then back to kind of pricing, sounds like at the top of the organizations the rhetoric is matching what needs to happening and the industry is more unified than previous cycles. Can you – how does things look from your vantage point into next year on the pricing front? There is – some of the data is showing kind of a flattening of pricing power at actually pretty nice levels and we’re lapping last year’s increases, but what do you see in the marketplace through next year?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I actually mentioned this to the CEOs of the people we met with at the CIAB. This is my fourth cycle and it’s the first time in my career that what the CEOs of the insurance companies were saying is actually what the people on the street were seeing. Typically there is a disconnect there and it’s interesting. I think that the managements of the insurance companies today are supplied with much better information, their IT systems are solid. They know where they’re making money, where they’re losing money and why. They’re absolutely clear in their knowledge of what lost costs are doing. And lost costs are up in every instance. They recognize very clearly that there is no return on their investments that’s going on safe and then they have to have – they have to get their loss ratios in line. It’s an industry that hasn’t covered its cost of capital, but for a couple of years out of the last 30, they’re clear on that and they recognize in order to get any kind of ROE. They’ve got to be driving results in the mid to low 90s on combined loss ratio. So I think it’s a very positive circumstance. About a year ago, we would sit around and question whether these rate increases could stick given the surplus in the market. These are not balance sheet problems and they’ll all say that. We don’t have a problem right risk. We’ve got the balance sheet. It’s just we’re not going to put our capital out and not get a return. And so that resolve I think quite honestly, Greg, has actually got stronger as they’ve had more success getting the rates they need. Now if you take a look at the worker’s compensation line, it’s a disaster. And they know that, they’ve been very clear on where they’re making and not making money. So I think you’re going to see continued pressure to continue to get 4%, 5%, 6% increases and it looks like that could continue for quite a while.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brett Huff of Stevens Incorporated. Please proceed with your question.
Brett Huff – Stevens Incorporated: Good morning guys.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning Brett.
Douglas Howell: Hi, Brett.
Brett Huff – Stevens Incorporated: Can you talk a little bit about – your organic growth has been better than your peers kind of for the last several quarters at least and continues to be so. Based on what you’re seeing, is that you guys taking share or are you just able to take more advantage of the rate and the exposure that might increase your scene. You just give us your thoughts on that.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, I mean, I’m not going to comment on any of our competition, I’m just really pleased with our team. Our new business is solid, retention is very, very good and we’re out everyday chasing new accounts from the top of the organization down to the person in the mailroom. I mean that’s what we do. And I think it’s paying off. I also think that in our niche marketing approach where we concentrate our efforts on places where we really understand people’s business that creates better retention and actually better new business than anybody who is out there is just a generalist. And I think culturally we have an advantage, I mean one of the things that we do at this company very, very well is get the best talent we have in the marketplace at point of sale anywhere globally and the team comes together and does very, very well. It’s not unusual to have someone from London, someone from Houston, someone from Calgary and someone from Oklahoma City all work it on an energy account together and it’s very fluent. So I do believe that maybe we’re seeing the benefit of utilizing salesforce.com and their chatter product. It is in fact helping us bring our intellectual capital across the world together every day, you see request for help and the system all the time and frankly I just think we’ve got a culture of getting out and getting new business.
Brett Huff – Stevens Incorporated: Okay. And then can you comment again on the, in terms of the organic growth looking forward, can you give us a sense of where you think it’ll go for 4Q and maybe end of ‘13 especially given your commentary on rates?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We don’t give a lot of guidance, Doug, do you want to comment?
Douglas Howell: I think that we mentioned though this is our seventh consecutive quarter of organic growth. The fourth quarter of last year was a particularly strong quarter and if you recall, we had an outstanding benefits quarter that quarter. And I think if the careers continue to push for rate if the economy doesn’t sputter and there is nights flat or up in exposure units, I think that you’re going to see a low to mid single digits type organic growth for the next few quarters. It might have some year-over-year compare issues in the fourth quarter because of our fourth quarter last year was so strong. But I don’t see this is a plus 10% type in organic growth environment. We would be very happy to constantly be stamping out 3%, 4%, 5% organic growth in this environment based on everything we’re hearing.
Brett Huff – Stevens Incorporated: Great. That’s what I needed. Thank you.
Douglas Howell: Thanks.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Brett.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of background question.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning Meyer.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, I’m sorry. I want to look over your shoulders in Gallagher Bassett for a second. Are you seeing any inflexion in medical cost inflation for workers’ comp claims or other claims?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We’re seeing continued and constant inflation in medical cost and insight comp, yes. That’s an industry-wide problem.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Right. That’s not getting worse recently.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I wouldn’t say – it’s continuing to inflate on a pretty consistent basis.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That’s helpful. Obviously the amount of M&A has picked up pretty impressively. Is there any drag on margins initially when that happens?
Douglas Howell: Meyer, this is Doug. We see most of our merger partners having margins very consistent with what our larger, what the overall book of business is showing. We did have an exception on that with Heath Lambert if you call that was margin lager compare that our other operations and we’ve been working hard to improve that but by and large most of the deals that we’re doing have margins very similar to ours and that’s one of our strategies. We try not to buy turnarounds, we try not to buy retirements, we try not to buy one-trick pony type agencies, we want to buy strong agencies and brokers that have a desire to join our niches to bring expertise to us and then – and use that to help continue to sell their clients and sell larger clients too, so very similar to our margins.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And there is no timing issue where expenses come up before the revenue is for a recent acquisition.
Douglas Howell: Not really, the integration cost on these deals is – it takes a lot of effort from internal resources, but by and large our integration costs don’t drag us down for more than two or three months on these deals and they’re pretty modest.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And I apologize in advance because this is need to keep it, but obviously brokerage organic growth did slow a little bit in the quarter. I was wondering whether there is anything aware of that just the niche with business.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think that when it comes to organic growth I think that you’re going to see some bouncing around of organic growth. You saw it in all the other brokers that came out in the market are came out before us. I think that this is the sales process and this is a retention and I think our business is not a linear business where you’re going to see organic growth that’s consistently going up 1% every quarter or something like that. I think that we’re very pleased with 4% in this environment right now and the hard work that’s going on that we’d be very happy with 4%. And if it bounces with 5% to one quarter and down to 3% for one quarter, I don’t think you can read anything into that. And if you think about our business that’s $400 million worth of business this quarter – of volume this quarter, one point of organic growth is $4 million. When you spread that across 300 locations around the country I guess that’d be less 100 – like 200 locations on a brokerage side. We’re not talking about something that’s a systemic risk or a systemic change in the business.
Douglas Howell: Also remember Meyer our job is to mitigate increases. One of the things we do for our clients is when the increases come in make sure that we’ve got the best product in the market at the best price. So we’re working against those increases in many instances.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks. It’s Eric Fraser for Mike. Good morning.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning Eric.
Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs: Quick question about the deals completed in the quarter. It looks like the share count as well as the amortization expense picked up pretty meaningfully this quarter. Can you talk about the relationship there with the deals or is it something else?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well it’s exactly what it is.
Douglas Howell: Yeah, we did have a lot of activity. Share count, we use shares this – the share count increased this quarter arises really from three different pieces, shares that we used in acquisitions, shares that we used in our earn outs and then just the natural dilution that’s happening because the stock price last year was $27 a share and this it was $35, $36, so we had dilution just because of the increase of the share price. In terms of using shares in acquisitions, we don’t expect to use a lot of them in the fourth quarter. You’ll see us use some shares in the first quarter next year because that’s our seasonally by far our smallest quarter. In terms of the amortization, we – when you do these small deals like that a significant portion of the purchase price is allocated towards amortization rather than goodwill, I think we value everyone on an individual basis. So we do produce significantly more amortization from small deals than we would do if we did a very large deal on a big portion of that goes to goodwill. But again, its non-cash and we think a better metric to look at us on an EBITAC basis.
Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs: Sure. Is the pace of amortization expense this quarter, a run rate or is it a comeback down given that it related to purchase price?
Douglas Howell: I think the best thing to do is to probably look at, I’ll pull it out here and I’m talking to you, if you use our quarterly supplement and you go to page four of the supplements post on the website, we give it you the brokerage segment on an adjusted basis so that’ll take out any, if we have some small valuation write-offs or something, but it looks to me like amortization is, if you go back to the first quarter of 2001 it was $16 million a quarter, fourth quarter of 2011 pardon me, fourth quarter was $19 million and then now we get $20 million, $22 million, $24 million because of the acquisition activity it’s going to priced up $2 million a quarter if we continue at the same level of acquisitions.
Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs: Great. One more on M&A, now that the pace of the international M&A has picked up, if you had to choose between doing a deal overseas versus in the U.S., how do you think about that that cash allocation?
Douglas Howell: Well I think that we look at it on, when we look at international deal, one of the big things that we try to look at is, what kind of trade can they do with our existing operations in London, just like we do here in the U.S. If we have an acquisition target that we think that’s nicely in one of our niches, that’s a much more attractive acquisition and then something that’s just going to stand on its own and not trade with other parts of Gallagher. I don’t think that that at this point, we look at every deal and we think the returns both international and domestic were about the same. So at this point, we’re not waiving one versus another.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Now I think it’s important now that we’ve done 43 transactions this year and people look at that and say, oh my god your activity is way up and how could you manage that. What have you? The company now has literally dozens and dozens of operations throughout the world who either joined us through the merger and acquisition process or are run by people who have done transactions. And so we have a pipeline that we manage every single month that is a global pipeline that these 43 transactions are, they’re long-term efforts to bring people aboard in our company. So we really don’t get to a point where we say we’re going to emphasize this division this month and this division next quarter whether it’s international or domestic. We’ve got people who are talking to and coding around the world all the time and when they’re ready to join us, we’re ready to make the deal happen.
Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then just lastly, can you just talk a little bit more about what you’re seeing on the exposure side, is there any dispersion by account size. And if you are seeing declines, what’s driving that?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well let me address that and it’s all anecdotal all right, so I don’t have – I’m not an economist and I don’t have any facts, but I do think that when I get a chance to talk to clients what I’m hearing is that their businesses are improving a bit. Now some of that is in areas like construction interestingly enough where there is a little bit more construction activity going on and our construction offices are doing better this year. Now better from a few years ago, being flat on their back, our temporary health businesses are doing extremely well. As some of our banking businesses are now coming back and doing better. It seems to be those that have survived the great recession actually have stronger businesses. I will tell you, as I said in my prepared remarks, we’re not seeing hire folks, there seems to be a real reluctance people are – I think one of the reasons our top health businesses are doing so well is that people are really actually reluctant to convert temporaries to full-time. So this is not – I’m not saying that we’re seeing 5% and 6% economic growth but I do think when you read The New York Times, Chicago Tribune this weekend and that’s 1.5% to 2% growth, I think that’s what we’re seeing.
Eric Fraser – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes is from the line of Ray Iardella with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Thanks and good morning.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Hi Ray.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Hey how are you guys. One quick question in terms of contingent commissions, how should we think about that I think for 2013, I guess a given, I guess your view on (inaudible) and then Sandy I guess impacting the industry.
Douglas Howell: I think that it’s probably a little early for us to digest what’s going to happen with Sandy. I’ll tell you that right now, but I think in terms of overall supplementals and contingents’ of the careers are still getting the rate that they’re – that they need to do in order to get their distribution system and I think that supplementals and contingents are going to hang in there next year. It will be interesting to see there is starting to be a little bit more push to move from supplementals into contingents and remember if that’s the case, we wouldn’t be accruing supplementals next year it would push into a contingent in January, February of 2014. So by the time we do our January call I should be able to give you a better feel for that because I think our teams have been talking to the careers and have a better understanding, but I don’t see a dramatic shift in contingents or supplementals one way or another next year.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Okay, now that’s helpful. And then lastly just quickly sort of debt, just curious, how much capacity do you guys believe you have in terms of debt, I mean debt to total capital right now is around I think 31% if I’m calculated that correctly and how do you look at that debt to EBITA, debt to capital or sort of all the above?
Douglas Howell: I think that we have $200 million to $300 million capacity that would be kind of below the industry standard of 18, 19. I think that we have about $125 million to $130 million of cash on our balance sheet right now. In terms of thinking about long-term, we did go to 2.75 times EBITAC and still be NAIC 2 rated and since we use the private placement market for most of our – for all of our borrowing, there is substantial capacity on that. That would be $500 million to $700 million of debt capacity there. Right now I think we’re looking at what we want to do with debt and we’ll look at in I think the rates are pretty favorable right now. I think our M&A pipeline is strong and so it’s something that we’ll take a look at between now and January.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie: Okay, thanks again for all the answers.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: First question I wanted to touch on was just the private exchange that you mentioned there, is that – so is that fully in line. Can you talk about kind of the opportunity there long-term particularly versus some of your competitors?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, we’re very, very excited about this opportunity. It’s clear that some of our clients are going to move to more of a defined contribution approach to their health insurance. And that, individual employees are going to have to shop online for the coverage that they want, the employer will stay very active in that making sure they vet the types of choices that the clients have. And employers really look at this as overall part of their reward package or reward package for hiring people. So we think what it does is put us in line to be able to work with those clients and say look I really, I want to be sure that my people have good choices but I want them to make those choices. And we think it’ll be an important part of the market.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So is that actually online right now?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, up and ready to go.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then I just, sort of quick question about the clean coal guidance that you gave, Doug, next year for the 2013 to 2015 to $0.30. Is that going to be mostly driven by higher revenues or cost coming down or is it a combination of both? How do we get to that $0.15 to $0.30 given the first quarter is going to be counter breakeven?
Douglas Howell: Well just to make sure I’m clear, it’s $0.15 to $0.30 for the total corporate segment in the clean energy line we think we can make $70 million and $90 million based on the plants that we currently have in process of resuming production. So when you read on page five, there are still six plants that haven’t been contemplated in that guidance that we have not, while we think that we have year marked to few locations and we’re holding them for some utilities and they’re looking at them, almost all the growth – in fact all the growth that I’m telling you about is coming from just getting idle plants back into production. As we find utility partners that want to have a long-term contract with us. So there will be, there is six plants that we’re not contemplated in that those numbers that hopefully in January we’ll tell you that we’ve got some more utilities interest with them, but almost all the growth that we’re talking about is just get – in fact all the growth just getting the plants that are currently ideal back into long-term production.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. And then the other question I have was the, I don’t know if you typically do this but is there any way you could give some sense of what the organic producer count is right now versus the end of the year and how that’s changed over the year, well that’s been up couple of percent or flash or what are you seeing that?
Douglas Howell: Well I think that we don’t actually give information with respect to producer at headcount but I can tell you that we do have a growing producer headcount population. One of the key strategies of doing these small tuck in acquisition is entirely that, there is a work trying to get producer count. So if you count the acquisition adds for producers were up substantially, organically, we still are having success attracting producers to come to Gallagher, we have an extremely stable management team that’s in the brokerage space right – brokerage segment right now, and we’re finding that producers that know how to sell and if they want to work with our niches they find a nice home at Gallagher. So we’ve been successful in recruiting some producers to us also.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Scott, just a week ago we had what we call our edge training group in, and edge training is all of our what we refer to is externs, people that have joined us through the internship program and it goes across all of our divisions. I spoke to them and I had lunch with them twice last week and I’d say we had a 150 young people that are just now coming into our industry that have been recruited from places all around, whether it’s from the insurance industry or from pharmaceuticals or whatever, we’re bringing them in, teaching them insurance, putting them back out into the field and light them up, and that’s a big part of what we do. As you might recall, we talked in the summer about having a 150 interns, these are usually sophomores and juniors in college that we hope to turn into externs and edge participants, and it’s working. So every year we’re driving new young people into our industry, we’ve got people out this week at a number of campuses recruiting and that’s again recruiting for sophomores so that’s kind of a little unusual, but it’s something we do culturally very, very well. And I think over time you’ll see that even be a bigger effort.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: All right, sounds like positive. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes, SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah thank you, good morning.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Mark.
Douglas Howell: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Corporate compensation expense for next year, anything we should expect, any change in philosophy, is there some upward pressure on compensation, how you’re looking that going into the next year and Doug, any updates on – I know you’ve talked in the past about potential for stream lining, where are you thinking about that for 2013?
Douglas Howell: Well I think that in terms of headcount I think that the teams understand the controlling headcount is important in this environment using our offshore centers of excellent in order to provide a lower cost labor thing as in our D&A now, we’re doing a great job with looking at work that can be pushing to lower labor locations. I think there is modest wage inflation pressure out there but not – it’s not ramped at this point. So I think that we can’t control the inflation on it. And in terms of productivity gains, we have productivity opportunities within our workforce, we think technology can be a way to improve our productivity. And then on the operating expense side we continue to see, continuing to harvest winds out of the real estate, out of a real estate footprint but there is also a little inflation you’re seeing travel inflation, you’re seeing airlines and hotels being a little bit up. So next year as we look out, headcount control would be very important and then it’s continuing to use our offshore centers of excellence.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So if we get to say that 3% to 5% organic growth the compensation line as a percentage of revenue is a good opportunity for that to come down?
Douglas Howell: Little bit but not a lot, I think that I’ve said all along. If we’re at 3% organic growth don’t expect much margin expansion. We’ve expanded margins like I said earlier five straight quarters now and 140 basis point improvement and this quarter is really great work by the team. I wouldn’t expect substantial margin expansion in a 2% to 3% organic growth rate and even at 4% we’d be happy to hold margins in there the way they are.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: One final question, the workers comp claims trend in the quarter within risk management, did you touch on that?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I did not. What’s the question?
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: What was the number? Was it up, down, sideways?
Douglas Howell: Well, what we saw from existing operations was about 2.5% growth in terms of claim counts and year-to-date we’re kind of around 4% but that include new business also.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. So on an organic basis is that 2.5% is that a good same store?
Douglas Howell: Yeah that’s all organic.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah okay. All right great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Good morning everyone.
Douglas Howell: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I want to talk about deal pipeline in the fourth quarter as it relates to the election or maybe that’s just a waste of time conversation.
Douglas Howell: Well, deal pipeline – we think our deal pipeline is very good I mean there is, I mean we say it all the time it’s strong but it is really strong. We are more than happy to move quickly for those people that we’ve known for long time but we’re not interested in just pushing to get a deal done. We’re not in an hurry to do a bad deal by year end just because the sellers might be worried about capital gains rates changing, we have a tremendous pipeline right now, the benefit space is extremely hot right not, they looked us as benefit brokers as Pat said are looking to jump on our expertise. So I don’t think the election is going to have a big change from where we sit right now one way or another.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And then also I’d say, if we’ve got someone that’s waking up to the change of capital gains rules now, well that’s probably not someone we want to do a transaction with. As I said, these transactions take a long time, we spend a lot of time with these people, we expect them to come here and spend a lot of time kicking the tires, they do a considerable amount of due diligence as we do on their business. And so we’ll have a number of transactions in the fourth quarter but these will not be things that we’re spat up and rush through the door.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Well, or to the extents that they feel there is slow down that someone you know in trust said, look, we’re going to sell our business to you, we’re not sure when but if depending on the election that might push us over the edge.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, we’ve had virtually no conversation like that, that has never come up.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We’ve had a ton of conversations, the earlier part of your phrase there we have this all the time, look, we think that you’d probably be the right people to sell to but we’re just not ready that just stays in the pipeline and we keep talking to them.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank: All right, I appreciate the call, thank you.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Chris Lakim of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Lakim – William Blair: Hi, good morning.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Douglas Howell: Good morning.
Chris Lakim – William Blair: Just wanted to follow-up real quick on the deal on the exchange side, would you guys mind of just walking through the mechanics the partnership and sort of how that process works?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure, I’ll throw that to Jim Durkin.
James Durkin: I don’t know how familiar you are with liaison but they are clearly a leader in this space. We did a lot of due diligence, looked at a number of different partners and shows them because of their experience because the fact that they are up and running have been doing this for a while. What they bring to the table is a deep, deep knowledge and a platform that really helps us in the middle market, which is where a big part of our concentration in terms of our focus is. It’s a partnership, it’s not exclusive partnership, we will most likely partner with other private insurance exchanges. And the reason for that is that I don’t believe one exchange will be able to meet the needs of all of our customers across the country. I don’t know if that adds any insight into it.
Chris Lakim – William Blair: Yeah, no that’s helpful. Yeah I just wanted to get some character around the partnership. And then on the Heath side, I just wanted to know if you guys could talk to sort of the demand environment that Heath seeing in the UK and sort of what kind of expectations you have for the business in 2013?
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well the European economy is not what we’d like it to be, England is probably better than the continent but the nice thing about our business and the wonderful thing about insurance is you got to buy it whether you want to or not. So from a demand side we’re seeing consistent renewals and we are seeing organic growth in the Heath book. It’s been a lot of work, we’ve spent a lot of time on this integration and team has done an excellent job but when you add their natural growth because they do have a good sales culture in many of the operations outside of the city of London and in London for that matter. If you add that sales cultured and we’re bringing an awful lot of spec to that as well and our acquisitions and our organic recruiting we’ve got very big plans continuing to grow that business.
Chris Lakim – William Blair: Okay great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: All right. I think that’s what we’ve got time for, so I’ve got just a quick rap up comment. It’s good to have three solid quarters behind us in 2012. Doug mentioned this, if rates continue to firm or hold firming and the economy holds up we will perform well in 2012 and we should have done good momentum going into 2013. Our team is excited, in return to that and we’re winning and we like that. So thanks for being with us this morning and all of you out east, best to you and hope things get better quickly. Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Co's second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on this call and which are also described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher and Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, (Claudia), and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call and thank you for being with us this morning. This morning, I'm joined by Doug Howell, Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating businesses. As we usually do, I'll add some color to the quarter, Doug will make some additional comments, and we'll move quickly to questions and answers. As I said in our press release, I am really very pleased with the performance in the quarter and frankly, year to date. I feel like we're hitting on all cylinders. All of our operating divisions contributed to our growth in the quarter. Adjusted brokerage revenue's up 18%. Five percent organic is a solid result. Adjusted brokerage EBITDAC up 21% is simply outstanding. Seventy-two basis points of margin improvement illustrates the leverage that this business enjoys. Year to date, we've completed 32 acquisitions, which will bring in over $130 million of revenue. All in all, a strong quarter in brokerage. Our risk management segment is also very strong this quarter. Revenue's up 7% and base organic fees up over 8%. Adjusted EBITDAC up 11% and our margin expanded by 50 basis points. So all in when I put both our operating segments together, brokerage and risk management, we had adjusted revenue growth of 15% and adjusted EBITDAC growth of 20%. These results don't just happen. They happen because our great team gets up every day everywhere around the world and works hard for our clients. I could not be prouder of the team. Our unique Gallagher culture is alive and well as we continue to grow our business Remember, every single day at Gallagher, we focus on four strategic areas; the first is organic growth. We have over 140 interns that are winding up their internship this week, very exciting summer. Secondly, we focus on mergers and acquisitions. We've had a solid six months. Thirdly, operational excellence in productivity. We had margins expansion again this quarter and fourthly, our culture which we believe we have a very unique team-oriented global culture that we continue to foster. The organization performed nicely the first half of this year in all four key strategic areas. Let me add some more color to our operations. Property casualty retail continues to show organic growth around the world and in the United States. We continue to see rate increases. The Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers quarterly survey came out this week. The major lines that we placed – work comp, property, commercial auto, general liability, and umbrella are up approximately 5.3% for the quarter for a sequential gain of 60 basis points over Q1. This is not – and this is very important. This is not a classic hard market. Frankly, that's a very good thing for us, our clients, and our markets. This is my fourth cycle. We don't want to see 100% rate increases and big cutbacks in coverage. The industry is not reacting to balance sheet problems but rather the income statement and loss ratio concerns. An environment of incremental rate growth is ideal for us. If we had a 4% rate gain per current quarter per year for a number of years, that would produce an opportunity for organic growth each and every quarter. New business was strong in the quarter. Our retention remains nicely in the mid-90s and I think that speaks volumes about our aggressive sales and service capabilities and we continue to see our customers' businesses stabilizing to growing slightly. We did not see our clients adding employees so there's still caution in the marketplace but we are seeing additional premium audits which is a good sign. Our wholesale and NGA business had a very strong quarter with solid organic growth. This reflects business moving back to the excess and surplus markets and an increase in small business formations. Our benefits business continues to be helped by the new health law. Now that the Supreme Court has ruled, our customers and prospects know they need our help. The compliance issues alone in this law are very difficult for our customers to deal with so they need our expertise. Mergers and acquisitions in the brokerage segment has been a key strategy at Gallagher for over 26 years. We're thrilled that our new partners chose Gallagher. Each of the firms that joined us had a choice and we want to welcome them to our growing family. Our merger and acquisition pipeline remains very strong and we contemplate a number of additional transactions will close before year end. Our international brokerage is also showing improving results. Our acquisition of Heath Lambert in the UK last year is proving to be a significant strategic move in the UK. We're growing the business with some very nice account wins and some additional acquisitions outside of London. The Heath acquisition is doing what we thought. We're recruiting people we couldn't have and doing acquisitions in the UK – three so far this year – which we wouldn't have been able to do if Heath and Gallagher had not joined forces. Let me move to our risk management business. As I said, a strong financial quarter, great client retention and globally, good new business propelled the quarter. Underlying our organic growth, we saw existing client-to-claim counts were up about 1.5% and we're getting about 2% in rate increases. As our clients' businesses expand, we will also benefit. Our international risk management business had another great quarter primarily in the UK and Australia. I'm convinced that Gallagher Bassett continues to gain recognition as the best provider of claims management services in the marketplace. I'm pleased with our progress and I'm glad two quarters are in the books. As an aside, we're up double digits on almost all important measurable metrics. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. It's nice to post another strong quarter. We'll start on the first page of the earnings release in the brokerage segment. First you'll see $0.02 of Heath Lambert integration costs and appending of severance. That's been lying with our comments from our last conference call and we heard Pat mention that we're on track and progressing nicely with integrating that merger. Looking forward, we're still seeing – we're still forecasting integration and severance to run about $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter through mid-2013 and then we should be done with that. Next you'll see we picked up a couple of pennies from acquisition-related adjustments. We adjusted our estimated earn-outs on 12 deals which totaled about $7 million of adjustments and we wrote off about $3 million of intangibles relating to three historical deals. Those net to $4 million which after tax is $0.02. Finally, you'll see we booked $0.02 because we prevailed on a tax position related to one of our foreign brokerage operations. So while there's some ups and downs, it all washes out to about a penny. Let's look to the second page to the brokerage organic revenue table. Let me put some flavor behind the 5% organic growth on our base commission and fee line. Our domestic P&C units – that's our US retail and wholesale units – posted mid-5% organic growth. Our international operations organic was up in the upper single digits and our US employed benefits unit posted organic of about 3%. Moving down a table to supplementals and contingents, let me give you some help in modeling the third and fourth quarter. As of now, we are seeing total supplementals and contingents of about $20 million to $22 million in the third quarter. That's down a few million from 2011 mostly because of deteriorating loss ratios on a couple wholesale programs and another million or so will get pushed back to 2013. As for the fourth quarter, we are seeing total supplementals and contingents of about $16 million to $18 million which is about flat with last year. So it's backing up to be another good year for contingents and supplementals for us. Moving to page 3, you'll see that we've added tables that show adjusted compensation and adjustment operating expense ratios and both of those had nice improvement this quarter. We've added a table to put the computations next to the commentary and it also allows us to eliminate the full adjusted P&L columns from the back pages of our earnings release. However, please note we are still providing the adjusted P&Ls on pages 5, 8, and 13 in our investor supplement that we post on our website. We really encourage you to use that supplement when building your models, especially the adjusted pages. Moving to the bottom of page 3 to the brokerage segment margin table you heard Pat talk about but we are really pleased to again post margin expansion in this environment. Similar to the first quarter, we were up 60 to 70 basis points or up about a full point without Heath. About half of the favorable upside was additional supplements and contingents and the other half was from compensation and expenses discipline. Next moving to page 4 to the risk management tables; organically, we are seeing really nice growth in our base fee line. You can also see that we had solid performance bonus revenues this quarter and you can see that our work on the New Zealand earthquake is running down quickly. So when modeling future quarters, we suggest you apply your organic growth pick to the base fee line only then assume about $2 million to $3 million of performance bonus revenues in each of the third and the fourth quarters and then assume next to nothing related to the New Zealand earthquake claims. Moving down the page, we've included an operating table like we did in the brokerage segment. Both of those had – we had nice improvement on our comp ratio but we got stung by about a million dollars in additional litigation costs this quarter which hurt our operating expense ratio a little bit. It's unfortunate; these things can happen sometimes. Moving down to the EBITDAC margin table, we still believe we can post 16 points of margin for the second half of the year. Finally when you get done building your models for the risk management segment, step back for a minute and make sure you have contemplated that the third and the fourth quarters of 2011 each had about a penny of earnings from the New Zealand earthquake claims and remember, that program is effectively over. Next let's turn to page 5 to the corporate segment and here's an update as you build your models. All of these amounts are after tax. First assume about $7 million of interest and banking costs per quarter. Assume about $5 million of acquisition costs per quarter. Then assume about $2 million to $3 million of corporate costs per quarter and finally, assume about $12 million to $14 million of clean energy investment earnings in the third quarter and about $7 million to $9 million of earnings in the fourth quarter. When you get done, the corporate segment should show about $0.02 to $0.03 of earnings in the third quarter and show about break even in the fourth quarter. Clearly those are approximate. A lot can change, especially when it comes to wrapping up and rolling out our clean energy investments. Speaking of which, we continue to work out the kinds related to those plants operating under long-term contracts and you can read that we are making steady progress on getting three more plants deployed. As for the other plants, we feel like our prospect list for deploying those other plants is developing very nicely. That said, these things take a while to deploy, especially as you put new plants into utility so we measure that in terms of quarters, not weeks. As a wrap-up comment, like Pat said, we had an excellent six months on all fronts and the team, in my opinion, is hitting it out of the park. If inflation stays in check, the rates continue to firm, and the economy doesn't stutter, we are well-positioned to deliver solid results. Okay, Pat, those are my comments.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. (Claudia), we'd like to open it up for questions now.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the call is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Greg Locraft: Yes, hi, good morning, and very nice quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Greg. Good morning.
Greg Locraft: Just wanted to get a sense with the top-line doing as well as it's doing and it sounds like some good visibility there if current trends hold. Can you talk about the margin potential for each of your businesses? How high can it go?
Doug Howell: Oh, well, I think a better way to answer that, Greg, is saying that we believe that in an environment of plus-3% organic growth, you'll see some margin expansion in the brokerage space and when you look at the risk management's going to take a plus-5% environment to continue to grow to margin. In risk management, I wouldn't expect any margin expansion over 16 points for the remainder of this year and the brokerage space, when we have 60 to 70 basis points of margin expansion incrementally, that probably could hold true for another couple quarters. So in this environment with low inflation, you can get maybe 60 or 70 basis points of expansion.
Greg Locraft: OK, so just to reiterate, the threshold is a three on the brokerage side and then a five on the claims side.
Doug Howell: Right.
Greg Locraft: OK, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much. The Supreme Court decision, once that settled, did you see an up-tick in activity in the benefits area?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Mark, we did. I think there were an awful lot of clients that just weren't going to spend a lot of time and effort on this if the whole law was going to be found to be unconstitutional. We heard that repeatedly and now that they know this law is, in fact, going to go into place, there's an awful lot of effort that clients have to go through to get ready for it.
Mark Hughes: And then on the clean energy business, Doug, did I hear you correctly? Break even in the corporate segment in the fourth quarter?
Doug Howell: Yes, $0.02 to $0.03 in the third quarter and break even in the fourth quarter for the total corporate segment.
Mark Hughes: Right, and then how do we think about that going into 2013 in terms of run rate?
Doug Howell: I think that our 2013 position will be better than it was in 2012 as we get more plants deployed. Give me til October to give you kind of a firm number on that but I see the second quarter as being a little illustrative of what – probably illustrative of what 2013 would look like each quarter.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Brian DiRubbio with YCAP Management. Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio: Good morning, guys, how you doing?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great, Brian. How are you this morning?
Brian DiRubbio: Doing well. Just a quick question. I think you took your ownership stake in CGM up from 38.5% to 80% in the quarter. Did that have any – is that business meaningful enough to have any impact on any of your results?
Doug Howell: It's not of the size that would cause any change in any of our organic or top-line numbers of significance and we do not include any of it in our organic numbers. So moving from a 30% to an 80% does not fuel any of our organic numbers.
Brian DiRubbio: Got you and just on the (Ken mod), Doug, any thoughts about your ability to monetize some of that investment in the actual company by year end or early next year?
Doug Howell: I don't know If I can comment necessarily on the timing of it but I still remain with my earlier comments that there will be a time where we would like to monetize our (Ken Mod) ownership interest there. If you recall that we are now five years into – six years into our ownership of (Ken Mod). As a matter of fact, a notable point is in June, if you add up all the cash that we've deployed on all of our clean energy investments since 2005 til June 30 of this year and look at all the cash flows that've come back to Gallagher, we are now in positive territory. The entire clean energy program is in positive cash flow territory at this point. We're getting good success on rolling out our plants and we think that (Ken Mod) has a demonstratable product now that could position it to be better owned by somebody else.
Brian DiRubbio: Great, and I guess just a final question. With the cash now that you're bringing in from (Ken Mod) and obviously the better operational results that you guys are posting, do you see the potential for you guys to be using more cash rather than shares for acquisitions going forward?
Doug Howell: Yes, I think two things. I think our pipeline is so strong right now that we will be using stock in the near future. I think the cash flows that come off of our clean energy investments are exactly for that purpose. Remember, those cash flows are to go out and have us expand our core operations but that certainly would reduce the amount of stock that we need to use in the future.
Brian DiRubbio: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Sarah DeWitt with Barclays. Please state your question.
Sarah DeWitt: Hey, good morning. If you could just talk about your view of the cycle and to what extent you think rate increases will persist, particularly if we don't have any hurricanes this season.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll do that and it'll be a great forward-looking statement but nobody knows if I'll be right or not but just as I said in my remarks, my thought cycle, and it's completely different in its feel and its look in any that I've seen before and I think in many respects, that could be a positive thing. What we're seeing right now is, I think, disciplined management recognizing that present rates with no investment income to speak of, that they have to improve the pricing of the product that they sell in the marketplace in order to have any kind of return to shareholders. Now that's driven primarily by two lines. Worker's compensation is a real nightmare for underwriters across the United States and property continues to be problematic. I think underwriters would tell you that three, four years ago they felt that the place where they could really get nicked on property was probably the coasts with wind and earthquakes. In the last few years, the center of the country is really hitting them and so there is an environment that I believe is sustainable in terms of getting rate increases across the book and there's not a balance sheet need here that says we have to dump all our clients or cut back on coverages and what have you. There's simply a discipline. Now I'll make another side comment. This is the first time in four cycles in my experience that what the CEOs of the trading partners we have, the insurance companies are saying is exactly what we're seeing from the underwriting desk and there is significance discipline and I think there's just better information today than there ever has been in the past in this market. And our people on the street are finding that they have to take these rate increases out to our clients. Now let's recall, rates today are probably at par or maybe lower than they were before the last market turn in 2001. So when we're asking clients to consider – not asking them to consider. Actually telling them that they don't have a choice because the market is what it is, to consider the fact that there's a 4% to 5% to 7% or 9% increase They understand that. They thrilled about it? No, they don't want to see increases but at the same time, they do understand and the carriers I think are proving that this time around, they can get these increases incrementally.
Sarah DeWitt: Great, thank you, and then on acquisitions going forward, how should we be thinking of the acquisition revenues now that the Heath deal has (lapsed)?
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll speak to the pipeline; I'll let Doug speak to the numbers. I couldn't be more pleased with the pipeline that we have. I've said that quarter after quarter and we continue to crank out just incredible work completing 30-plus deals so far this year. The team is working extremely hard. I mean, that's not easy to close, as you know, an acquisition and whether it's $2 million or $8 million, the work is still the same. We've got our human resource people in place. We've got to integrate these operations into our family and we're really, really good at this and we now have – if you look at our investor slide at our website, we've got numerous operations that are expert in bringing – in sourcing, helping us price, and bring aboard acquisition partners and the partners that we've brought aboard this year are excited, they're turned on, and the ones we brought on in previous years are still with us. So I think it's just a really, really good place as it relates to the pipeline and the opportunities to grow our business and rank position. Doug, you want to hit on the numbers?
Doug Howell: Yes, couple things. As you're thinking about the numbers, obviously you can see int eh press release that we've done 27 for around $100 million. You heard Pat say we've done another five since then that adds another $30-some million and I would say that we'll continue to be strong through the end of the year. In terms of the numbers, one of the things about our acquisition program, it's going to add more amoritizations. So every time we do a deal, the departure between cash earnings and GAAP earnings gets bigger and that's one of the things I would encourage everybody on the call to do is to make sure you understand that amortization is going to be going up, that we're going to be using shares in acquisitions so we're going to have share create. But by and large, the deals that we're doing right now are nice, strong, individual, team-type acquisitions. They're nice, tuck-in mergers with us. We're getting great production talent that are profitable organizations. We always say around here if they're not making money for their family, they'll never make money for the collecting guy, Gallagher Organization, and we're really excited to have them join forces with us. They're seeing the need for our expertise and so the numbers generally are pretty good performers. So you see margins in excess of – we've even had margins in excess of 20% and they have some nice growth prospects ahead of them.
Sarah DeWitt: OK, great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Farrell with Sterne Agee. Please state your question.
Dan Farrell: Thanks and good morning. Yes, Pat, I thought you made a good point of gradual organic over multiple years being a good environment for brokers. I was curious when we think about margin in successive years if the multiple years of gradual organic have a ramping impact on the margin. I guess what I'm trying to get at is this year, you've talked about 3% organic being the threshold to start to get margin improvement. I'm wondering as you get successive years of organic if that threshold maybe drops to 2.5 or 2 because you're always reinvesting but you need to reinvest at the same pace or can it slow a bit?
Doug Howell: I think – hey, Dan, I think you're right. I think you're on point there. If we have five years of 3% organic growth, I believe in this current inflation environment and the current workforce environment, you would have margin expansion even at a 2% or 3% level. We're still working very hard to improve our quality and our productivity and we're having some significant wins on those fronts still. We've got an engaged workforce at this point that I believe has been fairly compensated. We've been given raises along the way. So if a workforce inflation problem doesn't develop, you would have margin expansion going forward in this current environment but looking too much further than six months is pretty tough for us to do at this point.
Dan Farrell: No, understood, and then just on the unrestricted cash, can you tell us how much is in the international versus US subsidiaries?
Doug Howell: A hundred and twenty million.
Dan Farrell: Is in international?
Doug Howell: Correct, $120 million is in our international operations. We probably will not bring that home. We'll probably use that to fuel our acquisition pipeline in the UK and Australia, which is where most of that cash sits right now.
Dan Farrell: OK, and I'm guessing do you feel as favorable on the international pipeline as the US, as well? I know you've done some more recent US deals but does that pipeline still look good, as well?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, in my comments, that's why I mentioned the Heath deal. We would not've had the pipeline building in the UK that we have today had we not done the Heath acquisition. In Australia, we have a very nice pipeline developing and so I think you'll see us be active in both those markets over the next six months and in the years beyond. Great opportunities.
Dan Farrell: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our next question is coming from the line of Brett Huff with Stevens. Please state your question.
John Campbell: John Campbell in for Brett Huff, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good morning, guys.
John Campbell: Hey, so I was just wondering on the share count, looks like that accelerated a bit from 1Q and Doug, I believe you briefly touched on this on a previous question but was that share count increase more of just excess shares used over cash used in acquisitions or more a product of just less shares repurchase in the quarter and then just a little further on that, just give us a sense of what the company is thinking about for share repurchase going forward if you were to assume the stock kind of stays at these current levels.
Doug Howell: Let's work backwards. We're assuming no share repurchases and we haven't been active in that arena in the last three or four years. The amount of shares we're using in acquisitions tend to be between 50% and 75% of the acquisition purchase price. We're putting shares in our merger partners' hands. In terms of the share growth in the second quarter, we used about 1.6 million shares for acquisitions. We used about 200,000 in earn-outs and we used about 600,000 related to option exercises and just dilution as a result of our stock price inflate for outstanding options that are unexercised. So you can see that year-to-date we've used about 3.7 in acquisitions and about 1.7 million came from option exercises.
John Campbell: OK, great, thanks, and then just on the international organic growth, that seems like it's tracking along pretty nicely in high single digits. I mean, given the weak UK economy, I mean, you guys see that kind of continuing and then further on that, if you guys could break out by country kind of what you're seeing.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, most of our global brokerage business is in the UK and in Australia. We do have some brokerage business, of course, in Canada and Bermuda but the lion's share of it is in the UK and Australia and both those markets are performing in that high single-digit area and we think that'll continue.
Doug Howell: Yes, we're having some really good success with hiring teams, especially in (heat field) right now but I think there's an appetite to join our operations over there in the UK and so we're doing a pretty good job of picking up some nice producers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think that there's sort of a feeling, at least when I visit the offices in the UK, that there's somebody fresh in the marketplace. We're not positioning ourselves as a Bluefin or Towergate roll-up company. We're positioning ourselves to do in the UK what we did in the United States, bolting on smaller acquisitions, giving people a career path, trying to recruit the best producers in the cities that we're in. In Australia, we're very strong in Perth and Sidney, lots of opportunities to look in Melbourne and Brisbane for acquisitions as well as in Sidney and Perth. So I think that in both countries, we're kind of looked at as a fresh face in the marketplace.
John Campbell: OK, great. Thanks for taking our questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: You bet. Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of (Chris Lakim) with William Blair. Please state your question.
(Chris Lakim): Hi, good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the clean energy side. I saw that Doug mentioned the volatility over the next two quarters versus the run rate right now. Is that a product of the investments going on or is there some seasonality in the cash flows on the clean energy side that we should be aware of?
Doug Howell: There is seasonality in the cash flow and particularly the reason why the fourth quarter is lower than our expectation of the third quarter is that we're not going to be running one of our plants in the fourth quarter as we look at it right now. As we take that down for further testing for maintenance and so now I say that now but if we have an extremely warm fourth quarter, maybe we won't be taking that plant down. And it's really not our decision to take the plant down. It's the utility's decision but that's our best view right now. So I would say just normal operational running of the plants that we just don't think it's going to be quite as strong in the fourth quarter right now.
(Chris Lakim): OK, great, thanks, and then on the acquisitions side, I saw you guys did the debt placement in July. Is that sort of an additional option on the table in terms of deal financing? How do you sort of weigh that versus additional shares and cash going forward.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, we thought it was a good opportunity to pull down $50 million. We had a maturity opening in eight years from now that we've filled in with the $50 million and we just saw it as a – our acquisition pipeline is so strong. Just taking that extra pill at $50 million seemed to make sense.
(Chris Lakim): OK, great, thanks a lot, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Brian DiRubbio with YCAP Management Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio: Thanks. Just one final question Pat, with your comments about worker's comp and property lines being sort of the focus of price increases, do you see any opportunity for unbundling to occur with claims management?
J. Patrick Gallagher: Any time the market firms at all, Brian, it gives us opportunity for that. For instance, a lot of our captive activity – we have an operation we call (Rtex) Captive Management seeing a lot more success. A number of our school and public entity pools are adding members again. So any time there's some price move, people are interested in the alternative market and we get the benefit of that. Now 4% and 5% aren't going to drive the kind of jump that we see in the alternative market when the market slams up 100% and there's no coverage available but it's a – any time there's movement to the positive, people are very interested in alternatives and the benefit of being part of Gallagher, frankly, is that we've got great expertise in that area and we've built terrific alternatives.
Brian DiRubbio: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor over to Mr. Gallagher for closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, (Claudia). Thanks, everybody, for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. We know there's a number of other calls going on and I think our company has performed across all divisions extremely well for the last two quarters. As Doug mentioned in his remarks that the economy continues to show improvement and rates continue to move up even slightly, we believe we're on track for a great year. The team has really turned on. We are winning. We're having fun building a world-class company and you know what? All of around here are excited because we believe we're just getting started. Thanks for being with us and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas K. Howell – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark D. Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company. Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management Dan Farrell – Sterne, Agee & Leach John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that will be discussed on the call and which are also described in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Rob, good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. We appreciate you being on the call. Today I am joined by Doug Howell, our CFO as well as the leaders of our divisional operations.  As it is our custom, I am going to add some color to our press release and quarterly results, Doug will make some comments and we will get pretty quickly to questions and answers. Our core operating businesses delivered solid growth in the quarter, 18% revenue growth 4.6% of that was organic and 23% growth in adjusted EBITDA. A solid, solid quarter I am very pleased with the quarter. This is seasonably our smallest revenue quarter, and you will remember we had a terrific fourth quarters, so keeping the momentum going in the first is really, really good to see.  I think this just continuous show that our team’s execution across all of our strategies is working extremely well. We are really focused on four things, day in and day out. The first is organic growth. Our Brokerage segment and Risk Management segment combined for 4.6% organic growth. I can’t tell you how good that makes me feel.  I would say often that Gallagher has a sales and service culture that is strong and I think this shows that. Everyone of us understands that our [top] priority is taking care of our clients and adding new clients to our list. The first quarter proved that once again our talented teammates are very, very good at ringing the cash register. Number two is mergers and acquisitions. Our good work continues. I am proud of the dozens of colleagues who are actively engaged in helping us continue to buy the best brokers in the marketplace. Thirdly, we’re focused on productivity and quality. We had margin expansion in the quarter and we continue to focus on getting better every quarter every year. Fourth, we continue to foster and build on our very unique culture, which is very important to us and I will make some more comments about that later. Let me address a few other items about the company in the quarter. First, the property/casualty rate environment continues to firm. However, we are not in a classic hard market. We can typically fill out our client’s insurance needs, but the careers are expecting to increase their rates to levels that give them a chance to improve their ROEs.  In particular, we’re seeing property, especially cat-exposed property and work comp firming at a pace of high-single to low-double digits. Other lines are tending to be flat to up 1% to 3%. However, the market is still competitive for new business. In other words, one career’s firm [renewal] is another career’s opportunity, but by and large we are not seeing decreases. Secondly, I continue to believe our client’s businesses are improving. Not seeing a lot of hiring of new employees, but the clients I have spoken with over the last few months do think the worse is behind them. We are seeing additional premium audits and increasing exposure units. Our temporary health customers businesses appear to be very robust, so I hope that hiring can’t be too far off. So those two key headwinds that we faced for five years, rate decreases and economic decreases are starting to feel little bit like tailwinds. I don’t feel like I’m running off the down escalator right now. We just came back from the RIMS Conference in Philadelphia. This is a conference where we had a chance to interact with our larger Risk Management accounts both on the Brokerage side and on the Risk Management side, the Gallagher Bassett side. And Gallagher continues to build significant brand awareness under both banners and we came away with a number of great opportunities. So the Risk Management space is opening up more to us. Thirdly, our Risk Management segment, Gallagher Bassett that business had a great quarter, 8% revenue gains, 7% of that is organic, 16% EBITDA growth, virtually all that are organic. Gallagher Bassett used the conference in Philadelphia to announce some significant upgrades to our information systems, which we call RISX-FACS, which were extremely well received. When you look at the cost of insurance, you realize that the greatest cost in anyone's costs at risk in the claims. Gallagher Bassett continues to invest in people and technology to drive the best claim outcomes, helping our clients control their costs is at the heart of what we do. Fourthly and finally, mergers and acquisitions, we completed 12 transactions in the first quarter at just over $30 million in revenue. In 2011’s first quarter, we did four transactions, so by comparison we’re off to a great year, our pipeline both in the U.S. and internationally remains very robust.  I want to make a few comments on the largest deal we did in our history, which was last summer, the Heath Lambert acquisition in the U.K. This has become clearly a transformational acquisition for us. We have a number of people that we’ve been able to recruit to our company in the U.K. because we did that deal and our merger and acquisition pipeline is very, very strong and the integration is going extremely well. So we continue both in the U.S. and internationally to find great firms who believe that joining Gallagher will offer their people the right platform to grow and all of these folks had choices, I'm glad they joined our team and I want to welcome them to our company.  So all in all, I'm pleased with the start to 2012 and I’ll pass it over to Doug for some comments.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning everyone. It's nice to kick-off the year with a good start. Let’s start on the first page of the earnings release in the Brokerage segment. You will see $0.02 of Heath Lambert integration cost and $0.01 of severance, which is inline with our comments from the last conference call. The integration is on track as Pat talk about and we’re forecasting integration and severance costs will run about $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter for another four or five quarters. Next, please flip to the second page to the Brokerage organic revenue table. Let me break down organic for core commissions and fees for you at a little bit more detail. In our domestic P&C unit, that’s our U.S. retail and wholesale unit, we have seen the third quarter of sequential improvement. These units posted about 5.5% positive organic growth here in the first quarter versus about 4.5% positive in the fourth quarter versus about 2% positive in the third quarter 2011.  To put that in perspective, we are still seeing, we were still slightly negative in the first quarter of 2011. So while we are only in the third quarter of positive territory it is a fantastic trend compared to being in negative territory for all of 2008, 2009, 2010 and half 2011. International P&C is also in positive territory again this quarter, after it was all last year.  In our U.S. employee benefits units, we were flat this quarter versus up nearly 7% in positive organic in the first quarter of 2011, because of the first quarter of last year was so strong just holding organic flat should to be viewed as great work. Short impact to the [mass] were overall organic, but we don’t believe it’s indicative of any underlying trends. Moving down the table, we think supplementals and contingence coming in slightly up organically is excellent work by the team, given this changing environment and you can also see that our 2011 merger partners contributed nicely this quarter too. Looking out over the next three quarters, we’re not expecting supplemental and contingence to grow organically nor do we expect merger partners to contribute much more either. So modeling supplementals and contingence about flat with 2011 is probably a fair guess at this time. Also just a heads up, we are seeing some carriers starting to push to move from supplementals back to contingence. Time will tell, but just something to keep in the back of your mind.  Moving to the bottom of page two, to the Brokerage segment margin table, we’re really pleased to see margin expansion this quarter, up 60 basis points or four point without Heath. About half of that favorable upside was from additional supplementals and contingents I just discussed and the other half was from compensation expense discipline. Moving to the top of page three to Risk Management, you’ll see another quarter of excellent organic growth and that came both domestically and internationally. When modeling future quarters, we suggest we apply your organic growth pick to the fee line only, then assume between $2 million and $4 million of performance bonus revenues per quarter, then grade down the New Zealand earthquake revenues to about $1 million in the fourth quarter and that should be a good guess.  Moving down on page three to the Risk Management margin table. We had an excellent quarter, but we think margins around 16% for the rest of the year will be about right. Recall last quarter, we discussed that GB is making some significant client centric investments and you heard Pat talk about it just a couple of minutes ago about what we demonstrated at RIMS. There are other similar efforts underway that will kick in high gear over the next few quarters.  Moving down to the bottom of page three is the corporate segment. Our first quarter was inline with what we told you in our last earnings release conference call. In addition, we did a special conference call on April 11 to emersion our clean energy investments. If you missed it, please take some time to go to our website and listen to the call as we think its helpful background. Here is an update for this quarter. There are 17 plants that are producing under long-term contracts, production in the first quarter was as expected and the ramp up period is progressing nicely. As for the other 12 plants, most have been loosely earmarked for long-term locations and we are in various stages of contract drafting, site engineering and regulatory permitting. The level of demand and pace is encouraging, but it realizes that it will still take a six to 10 month to get those plants up and running. So looking forward, here’s what you should model for the corporate segment. All of these numbers are net after-tax amounts. Assume about $7 million of interest and banking costs per quarter, assume about $1 million of acquisition cost per quarter, about $2 million of corporate cost per quarter, and then assume about $13 million to $15 million of clean energy investment earnings in each of the next three quarters. When you get down the corporate segment, it should show about $0.03 to $0.05 of earnings in each of the next three quarters. Clearly, these are approximates in lock and change especially when it comes to ramping up and rolling out our clean energy investments, but that should get your cost. So my last comment, remember our Brokerage segment has significant seasonality and we believe the best way to model it is to use the quarterly financial supplement we post on our website. Pages five and six of that supplement show adjusted numbers, which we believe you should be using as your baseline for projecting future results. While there were very few adjustments between reported and adjusted numbers in the first quarter of 2011 that were significant adjustments in the last three quarters of the 2011. So please use pages five and six as your baseline. Okay, Pat, those are my comments, back to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Doug. I want to touch a little more on what I said was the fourth kind of pillar in our strategy and that is our culture before you go to question and answers. Our culture is alive and well. Over the last two months, I had spent time with most of, all of our top producers in field management. I can tell you that our team is fired up. We are selling a lot of new business, we’re holding on to our clients, there is a balance in our step and as I said the culture is strong, the team is very much together. Also during the quarter, something I mean incredibly proud of, Gallagher was named as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for 2012 by the Ethisphere Institute. Ethical corporate behavior is a significant topic in today’s business environment and has been a cornerstone here at Gallagher of our behavior for over 85 years. The whole team is excited to be recognized by the Institute as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies and this is another indicator of the fact that the culture is strong and one that we are so proud of. With that Rob, let’s open it up for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please state your question.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.:   Yes, thank you and good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. : Good morning, Mark.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc : In the Risk Management segment, you said that it was opening up and you gave some additional comments, but is that – are more companies putting up their administrative work for bid, or is this new initiative you just feel like you are taking some share?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. : There is a couple of things going on there that I am pleased with. I would not say that more companies are necessarily putting their work up for bid. I do think that more Risk Management size companies are looking at outsourcing claims work, where it typically in many instances is bundled with the insurance product. More and more companies and deeper into the Risk Management space are recognizing that they can bifurcate the purchases from insurance and claim service. There is another thing that’s happening, which I am extremely pleased with, and I think it’s going to be a huge move over the next decade or so. And that is insurance company’s risk takers outsourcing their claims work to a third party. If you look at some of the capital that’s coming on shore from Bermuda, they are not going to build big infrastructure in the United States, they’d rather outsource that work to somebody that can do it firm professionally.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc : Right. What about the claims frequency in Risk Management, for your same accounts are you seeing an increase there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, that’s a big change from the recession. Claim counts of Gallagher basically up about 4.5% including new business. On existing clients, claim costs are up about 2% and that’s really a proxy for the economy.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc : Great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Arash Soleimani of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Hi, how are you? Thanks for taking my question.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Arash.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Good morning, just a couple of quick ones. In terms of the margin improvement that we saw in Brokerage, should we basically assuming similar year-over-year improvement going forward for the rest of the year and into 2013 or was this basically the largest that we should expect to see?
Douglas K. Howell: I think that you – to go back to our statements, Arash we get organic growth and excess of 3% you will see some slight margin expansion. So between 3% and 5% that would be some slight margin expansion, over 5% you might get a little bit more. So as you – depends on what you are going to make is an organic pick for the rest of the year. I would really encourage again to go back for the supplements on pages five and six and look at the historical margins that we posted kind of X all the noise that can distort those a little bit, but if you’re assuming growth in excess of 3%, you can allow that to go up a little bit, but not a lot.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then in terms of the compensation expenses that relates as a percentage of commissions and fees, it looks like despite the level of supplementals and contingence of that in the supplemental, we still stay pretty consistent. So my question, I was always under the impression that the contingence would be sort of higher margin, same with the supplementals. So I guess my question is why did that ratio will still stay pretty consistent if that was the case?
Douglas K. Howell: In the first quarter, we booked a couple of million dollars more of compensation expense overall. We get into an inflating environment with, you’ll see formula starting to perform kind of in stair step. We don’t want to get behind the rest of the year. So we did book a couple of extra million dollars of bonus this quarter.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then my final question looking at the organic growth within the Brokerage segment, there was, it looks like we just on the core commissions and fees was about 3.2% and then we saw the 4.9% in 4Q 2011, so obviously the 3.2% is still a very positive number, my question is that sequential decline is relating to read to a matter. Did 4Q just happened to be a particularly super quarter or?
Douglas K. Howell: I think there is a combination of four, five things in there. First and foremost, our first quarter is our smallest quarter. Second of all, we spoke about how the benefits quarter had such as a great quarter last first year, first quarter, our last year first quarter. So just year-over year, the math produces a little bit of a lower total, just the year-over-year comparisons. Second of all, we’re 270 days into the time since we’ve started reporting positive organic growth across all of our Brokerage units. So while the expectation might be that organic continues to move up sequentially, just posting two numbers around 4% a little above and maybe a little below, we think is really get to work, 270 days into the changing market.
Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, now I agree. Thank you so much for taking the question.
Douglas K. Howell: Right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Arash.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ray Iardella of Macquarie Bank. Please state your question.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Thanks, and good morning everyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Ray.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Couple questions, first I guess thinking about Heath going forward, clearly, about a year now, it’s been with Gallagher, just curious, I know you talked about the international growth rate, but maybe you can expand on what you’re seeing as far as growth in Heath, I know it’s not your numbers yet, but I guess it, it sort of float through in the next quarter or so?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think if you look at the growth at Heath, you got to look at it two ways as you guys like to, and that’s one organic and the other is so, what’s going on with recruits in acquisitions. Organic is probably flattish, the rate environment in the U.K. continues to be more competitive than in the United States, we are still seeing rate decline there. The economy in the U.K. is also outside of London more sluggish than we are seeing in the United States. So flattish is probably good work there. The most exciting thing about the Heath acquisition, well, first of all, we got a great platform, we got great people to join us in that acquisition. And what that done is create literally, a keen interest in the new player in the U.K. So we have recruited probably a dozen top-flight production talent people just in the last six to eight months. We have a pipeline of bolt-on or tuck-in acquisitions that we never would have had from just our London base a year ago. So, it has totally taken our business in the U.K. from being predominantly a wholesaler to the rural community to a wholesaler in London and a very strong operating platform around the rest of the U.K., which gives us a look that’s much more similar to the United States. So, we’re a new player, it’s a fresh look, people are excited about having a new player, the insurance companies in the U.K. are very excited about the new platform, all-in-all it’s shaping up to be terrific deal for us.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Great, that’s helpful. And then one other question I guess, regarding client behavior. As insurance companies are actually pushing for more and more rate, I mean are you seeing more shopping, I mean some of the insurance underwriters have talked about lower retentions in the phase of higher rates, maybe just curious what you’re seeing from your clients?
Douglas K. Howell: Absolutely, whenever rates move, clients want to check the market, that’s what we do for them. I would tell you that, when we’re seeing a 1% to 3% to 5% increase, and you take a look at the CIAB, which is The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers, rate survey every quarter. Clients are buying insurance today at about 19.99 prices. So when the insurance company wants 1%, 2%, 3%, there is not as bigger push to shop, but you’ve got problems with property right now, and you’ve got problems with workers comp and that is driving shopping behavior. But interestingly enough, the market is not showing decreases. So you can have that one-off situation where it gets very competitive and yes, the price goes down and this does vary by line. Our marine business is still very soft, but buying large when the careers are asking for 1% to 5% increases, they are getting it.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Great, thanks. I will re-queue for my other questions.
Douglas K. Howell: Great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Adam Klauber from William Blair. Please state you question.
Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company.: Good morning, Pat and how are you?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Fine, Adam. How are you?
Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company.: I’m doing great.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good.
Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company.: How some of the business was doing, how benefits I think, Doug mentioned as a tough comparison, but to start from that comparison, how is the benefit doing, how is RPS and how is the construction practice now?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Adam, I should have sent you that question. These businesses are doing great. What you see in the benefit space, thank you to the new law is just incredible concern and very difficult compliance. And so every single client out there needs help from our benefits professionals and our team is so on top of this change. We don’t really care whether the Supreme Court comes through and throws the law or firms the law. It creates a tremendous amount of work for our folks. I’ve never seen such a selling opportunity in my career. We’re holding seminars for clients and literally picking up broker record letters from clients as they walk out. With that law has done in my opinion, is put the small benefits broker out of business, they are done. They can’t deal the compliance, they can’t deal for complexity, and the law changes all the time. One point to be grandfathered, you had to stay with the career with, now you have to stay with type of coverage you have, but you can change careers, somethings there have to be 10.99, now you don’t have the 10.99. What is going to be considered the loss ratio for the career, that’s appropriate or not, I mean it is sold or complicated that businesses is on fire and we’ll continue to be incredibly strong. RPS, the most stable wholesaler in the marketplace right now, not the largest, we started that business 15 years ago, literally this week with one hire and literally $600,000 of business. Today, we’re one of the largest wholesalers in the market. We’re very successful at our MGA businesses. We’re seeing very good return to the wholesale community of accounts that we’re picked up by the regular careers just four, five years ago. And we’re seeing the economy, expanding slightly with new startup businesses, which also come into the wholesale/MGA markets, so that’s very, very good. Construction, we had them still slow, the infrastructure folks are doing well. The regular construction accounts out there are still hurting. Hopefully, as we see the economy expand, I’ve got [Fontaine] that runs a very nice construction company here in Chicago Area their business in 2008 was about $100 million in construction. I think in 2011, they did $25 million. So you see the kind of pressure that sector has been under. The practice that we have in construction is second to none, incredibly proud of those guys, we pick up new accounts every quarter. We are definitely taking share in that space. So thanks for the question. You got any other?
Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company.: Thanks. Just a follow-up, so with RPS doing pretty well, is that growing above your overall organic rate?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, there are about three points better than the retail PNC market.
Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company.: Great, thanks a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. : Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian DiRubbio of Y/CAP Management. Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Good morning guys, how are you doing?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. : Good Brian, how are you?
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Okay, just going back to Risk Management, I know the first question was sort of about the claims count, so we can just simply deduct the growth in claims count from the overall growth, just give a sense of what pricing is doing in that business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I’ll tell you what pricing is doing. In domestic United States, we’re up about 2%.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Okay. And international?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: International pricing, Scott?
Scott R. Hudson: It’s actually staying relatively flat, there hasn’t been both in the U.K., as well as in our Australian operations, no noticeable uptick like it has been here in the U.S.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Okay. And then just to piggybacking on the question about RPS, how should we think about the company’s profitability as business moves from middle lines to sort of the wholesale market?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, as you know, the wholesale business is our most sensitive business to the cycle, right? Margins are compacted as business moves back to the standard markets margins will expand as business moves out of the standard markets depending on how hard the market gets that business, we’ll see significant margin expansion. The present market is up, let’s call it 2% to 3%, flat to 2%. And with that, you’re not going to see huge expansion, but as I said, we’re highest single-digits organic growth in our wholesale business. And so margins have improved a bit, that business is not running as higher margins, our retail PC operation, or as our retail benefits operation in the United States. If we start to see firming, Brian, that looks 15% to 20%, that margin will probably expand by a number of points, but let’s remember, that’s a business that is about $200 million out of our $2 billion.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Understood. Great, thanks guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Brian.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dan Farrell of Sterne, Agee. Please state your question.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Dan, you there?
Dan Farrell – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Hi, good morning sorry. Could you talk a little bit about some of the margin headwinds that you pointed, I think the 40 bps of headwinds is actually the inspiration cost and given the macro backdrop you talked about in the U.K., what do you think that (inaudible) of that is, as you continue to work through the integration there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, we’re working back Dan to what we originally talked about when we did the deal, that memory serves me around 14 to 15 points of margins of what we bought and we thought that to move into 20 points of margin we need 4 million to 5 million pounds more of profitability. And we said, we probably get pick up about half of that from career relations and half of that from those consolidated expense initiatives. We still have a great line of sight to that, we do believe that business can move up into low 20s. Frankly, by the time you pushed together all of our U.K. operations whether it’s Heath or whether what we had before, I think the team over there has a tremendous line of sight to margin improvement in the U.K., so at this point we’re still excited about the prospect of us getting our original targets on that.
Dan Farrell – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Great, thank you, very much.
Douglas K. Howell: All right, thanks Dan.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Incorporated. Please state your question.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: Thank you, guys, this is John Campbell in for Brett Huff, good morning.
Douglas K. Howell: Hey, John.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning John.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: So Pat, I appreciate the good color on the rate environment, and so you guys have been pretty positive on rates for a while now. Can you talk maybe a little bit more about how that’s progressed in the last three quarters, to say the rate increases are sticking maybe incrementally more they did say, middle of last year just trying to give a – I guess in terms of the pages here.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, sure I’m glad to counted on it John. What’s interesting is that about three quarters ago for the first time incumbent carriers would ask for an increase, our production staff would say sorry, I mean, I have to shot this and the incumbent would receive the order. And that had not happened for four years prior to that, I mean, it’s basically if you took something out of market, I’m talking about a good risk, now that’s something that’s Cat- exposed, had bad loss whatever that account would move. And we’re seeing more of that, it’s not so that there is no cavalier attitude among our production staff anymore just as look, I’ll take it out and move it and that’s it’s how it’s going to be. About a year, year and half ago, we would typically get out in front of a renewal by telling the carrier, if they give us 5% to 7% off, we thought we could lock that renewal up five to six months early and just get a renewal order. That’s just not happening right now. Curious just to say no, I am not going to give you the five of two to make sure that I get my renewal next August. They are saying, I’m looking at this, in particular in workers compensation. They’ve got to get right. Now if you look at the investment environment John if the carriers right to a 100% combined. They are not going to make any money, they have to be in the low 90s to generate any kind of ROE and they are not there and they know it. I think the difference between this cycle and the three other cycles in my carrier is that it’s the first time in my carrier that insurance companies CEO’s are saying what they are saying and that’s exactly what we are seeing on the street. That’s hasn’t happened before, typically the CEO’s would be a little bit disconnected from what’s actually happening at the underwriting desk. It is, they are spot on right now, which tells me that they have good information systems. They know are they making money? They know are they losing money? And they are going to push for return on equity and we are seeing that in the environment. This is not 25% rate increases. It’s not across the board every account, every time, but the decreases are pretty much history and where it needs to occurs especially in comp and property, there are significant increases.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: Okay, great that’s very helpful. So I guess it’s safe to say that we’re not necessarily in a hardening market right now, but that losses are pretty much history?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: What I would say is this, the market is firming. It is not, a classic hard market in my experience, been had that for 38 years is one day you wake up and rates are up 50%, then they are up 75%, then you can’t buy the insurance, right.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: Right
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. : So you take something that was placed a 100% carrier and the next thing you know, you’ve got 10 carriers on it, retentions or deductibles are up 150%, prices are up 300% and guess what your clients are begging you to get more coverage for them, that’s not happening right now.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: Right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Which couldn’t be frankly a better environment for us, if I could get, if you go to our investor slides at our website, you take a look at our typical new business, loss business and what happens to our company, if we get a 2% rate hike and the economy expands 2% and we continue to do what we typically do with new business, loss business. We’ll drive organic growth up 9%. If this environment stays like this, for the next few years, it’s going to be a very positive result for the company.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: Great, it’s good to hear. I guess the second question here is respect to the Heath Lambert integration, it sounds like it’s been a great success for and should you guys feel that integration is largely complete or there still ongoing cost initiatives…
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Let Doug and I both take that.
Douglas k. Howell: Yeah.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Let me take the operational side and let Doug touch on the numbers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I do not want anybody on this call to underestimate the amount of work that’s going in and making this thing successful. I mean starting off with the fact that the deal close, the transaction closed at midnight on a Thursday, Friday morning there were papers and brochures on every employees desk, welcoming them to Gallagher. The first move was to get those people excited about the fact that they joined a company that’s in this business to stay, with brokers run by brokers, we know what we’re doing, we’re trying to sell insurance and we wanted them to be excited about that deal. We’ve probably moved 500 desks in the city of London where people have had joined new teams, transferred across the street, come back together and meet and get to know new colleagues. It has been a gargantuan effort that our team has done an extremely good job. And what that’s doing is putting bouts in the Heath people step, so look, we know are with a company that knows how to do this and it’s attracting a tremendous amount of attention in the marketplace from people who might like to join a different culture.
Douglas K. Howell: Also, when it comes to cost, the four part of my statement here, we’re going to run about $0.02 to $0.03 of integration in cost for the next four or five quarters. But that’s as expected, as planned, it’s a measured approach. What we’re finding is, as we bring these two organizations together that moving from private equity ownership into a broker owning this business, it’s really nice to see that, we can spend a little bit of money that will save us some money, but it’ll also bring some greater resources to bear for the folks that are coming over to us from Heath. And we think the combined team will do a tremendous job in that marketplace. So as expected, we’re thinking $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter for the next four or five quarters. And then we should, a year from now we should be done with that.
John Campbell – Stephens Incorporated: Okay, great. Thanks, that’s helpful. I appreciate your guys for taking our questions.
Douglas K. Howell: All right, thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Just wondering, if could comment about the Brokerage side, your client retention levels, are those kind of aware of those sitting right now, that is still improving and then you talked about new business a little bit, I was wondering if you could touch on a little bit more, what kind of growth you are seeing from new business versus retention?
Douglas K. Howell: When it comes to retention across our entire Brokerage unit internationally, we’re somewhere around 94% retention. And the new business was somewhere around 10% to 11%.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Which is historically are normal, if you look at again at the website, our investor presentation, we will do about 10% of trailing revenues in new business, 10% to 12% of trailing revenues in new business annually. And we will lose new business either because it was project work, it was not expected to reoccur or because we lost the account we goofed up of about 5% to 7%, depending on the quarter.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And just wondering what M&A, obviously there has been a lot of activity in the sector. Is there anything out there that you see that could kind of derail these trends I mean not it’s obviously very strong and where are you seeing the opportunities? Is there any new place that you are kind of looking at new country or where is the focus for M&A mostly?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.:   Well, the focus for M&A is both international and U.S. In the United States we have more people and we have more Brokerages and so there is more opportunity to bring them aboard than you will see internationally. Our international pipeline is very robust, but it’s probably one-tenth of what we have in the pipeline in the United States. We couldn’t be in a better position when it comes to M&A for a number of reasons. Our business if you think about it over the last 26 years has been mergers and acquisitions right. And you take a look at the front of our press release and yes we talk organic and all the rest of that by and large we had a quarter with 22% Brokerage revenue growth and 27% Brokerage EBITDA growth. We did 12 deals for $30 million. That’s less than $3 million on average per transaction.  How much of that is organic or not organic, really what are we talking about? We are talking about recruiting. We are talking about bringing people in. It’s just close to organic recruiting strategies you can possible have. These are great entrepreneurs they have built books of business that are incredibly creative.  We are not synergizing out their cost, we are bringing them on to a platform that we think should help them grow faster and they join us because, of course, we priced the transaction appropriately, but they join us because they want to be part of this team. Every single one of them that joins us could quit tomorrow, they’ve got the money. So to me that’s the secret sauce. If you want to look at Gallagher and say do you think you could keep this up, you want to take a look at our transactions and see if people are still joining us, that’s the bellwether.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. Just one other question on the debt side, the debt-to-cap is kind of sitting around 36% or so now. Is there a targeted range that you have for debt-to-cap where do you think, how high can that go? Is it kind of in your comfort zone now?
Douglas K. Howell : We typically look at it as a relationship with EBITDA and we’d like to be south of 2 times EBITDA on that. We’re well below that now and we like that position. We think that debt, we may pull down some this year a little bit given this rate environment, but nothing significant at this point and second of all, with the cash flows that could be generated by our clean energy investments we don’t think we’ll need to be at debt market at this point over the next couple of years.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, by comment specific to you. It was specific to the sector, not questioning your ability to … 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: In this sector and these are not our numbers; we believe there is about 18,000 agents and brokers in America right. If you look at Business Insurance’s July issue to be a top 100 agent or broker in America you do about $20 million in total revenue. So you can imagine just the diversity and the fragmentation of our industry in the United States.  Probably 90% of the owners of those firms are baby boomers. They are my age, I’m 60. It’s their biggest asset it’s worth more than their home, they’re getting close to needing to do something and there are very few buyers in the market, so the opportunity for M&A over the next 25 years is absolutely astronomical. And if you look at the entire insurance Brokerage market, so you start with homeowners all the way to the Fortune 100. If you add Marsh and Willis, Gallagher and then the largest private firms together we have no market share. Is that an opportunity?
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Right. Following sellers and buyers out there, so that helps you guys and everybody else so.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: The most important thing though and this is key Scott, as you got to bring the people on board and keep them. This is a people business, they bring their relationship for their clients and we order that.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alison Jacobowitz of Bank of America. Please state your question.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America: Thanks, just wondering if you could comment some on the pricing, with your M&A targets are looking for, they’re looking for higher prices with things changing and you know what are you seeing there?
Douglas k. Howell: Yeah, they are up as much Alison, but we’re still paying between 5 and 7 times.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Ray Iardella of Macquarie Bank. Please state your question.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Thanks, for taking my follow-up.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: So just I guess one quick one on the tax rate for Doug. It looks like it was revised down slightly, 38% to 41%, now 38% to 40%, is that just a refinement or is that, should we read into something about the profitability of the international operations?
Douglas k. Howell: Well, I think it’s just the international tax rate is bringing it down, I mean, when you are looking at U.K. it’s in about 25%, 26% range right now, as we get more heavily weighted internationally, Australia even less than that. It will naturally bring that that Brokerage segment rate down and then as we grow internationally in Gallagher Bassett, the Risk Management segment will come down to as we are doing business in lower tax locations.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. That’s helpful and then maybe just could you comment maybe on the interest following your conference call, the clean energy side. Certainly, you’ve talked a little bit about some increased interest; I would think are loosely some agreements that might be coming into place. Did you see a pick up in interest or maybe you can comment on that a little bit?
Douglas k. Howell: I don’t believe that our call cost any more interest in the pipeline for Section 45 plant. I think that it probably has caused a few calls with respect to Chem-Mod the recipe company that we haven’t had the clean energy recipe, but buy and large the demand is out there is because of the relationship, so we build over the last 20 years and then the other partners that have come to us. As we build these out over the last couple of years. So but that interest is high, the number of plants that available is low, but we want to do business with those people that we’ve done business within the past and picking the right partners to do these ventures whether is very important. We are going to be with them for the next 10 years or more with these plants. And so we want to make sure we pick and choose the right partners that have the same line of interest with us, but the call was well received by a few folks, and I think that the team is energized and working hard and giving the rest of these plants into that permanent production.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Thanks Doug, I appreciate the color.
Douglas k. Howell: Thanks, Arash.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Arash.
Operator: Thank you. We’ve come to the end of our question-and-answer session for today. I will turn the floor back to Mr. Gallagher for closing comments.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks everybody for being with us again. We really do appreciate it. I think as you can probably tell from Doug’s comments and my comments, we feel very good about the start of the year. We look forward to continuing to build on our success throughout 2012. And right now frankly it’s good to be us. Thanks for being with us.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-01 09:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and CEO Doug Howell - Corporate VP and CFO Scott Hudson - Corporate VP, President, and CEO, Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc.
Analysts: Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Adam Klauber - William Blair Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee Ray Iardella - Macquarie Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher and Company Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objection you may disconnect at this time.  Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning in our fourth quarter conference call. I appreciate you been here. We are sitting here in beautiful 45 degree weather in Chicago, a year ago we were settled under 22 inches of snow.  2011 was a great year, and we finished we think was a very, very strong fourth quarter. At the beginning of 2011 things still look to be really tough out there, but during the year we continue to build significant momentum which culminated in a very strong finish to the year. I’m proud of our team’s performance in the quarter and last year, and I want to sight some key highlights for the group this morning. All divisions, all of our operating divisions across the entire globe contributed to our profit growth this year. Brokerage revenue on an adjusted basis was up 22%, we were back with positive organic growth at 5.2% which is really, really good work, I’m pleased with those results. Remember 2010, our organic revenues were down 2%, so a 7% turnaround is great work by the team.  Adjusted EBITDAC up 27%, if you look at that organic growth there is a very simple calculation. We essentially had flat rates for the fourth quarter, we had a flat economy, zero really declined from the economy and the organic was made up of new business less our loss business. Our Risk Management segment adjusted revenues up 13%; our organic growth was very strong at 12.6% which Doug will make some comments on in a moment. Very good work by the team, adjusted EBITDAC in the Risk Management segment up 22%.  During the year our merger and acquisition activity, we had a record year, we purchased $277 million of additional revenue. During the year we did our largest acquisition ever which was Heath in the UK which is integrating very well. We finished in the Risk Management segment integrating the GAB acquisition all those clients are now up and operating on our claim system and our client retention is very strong.  2011 adjusted EBITDAC with our Brokerage and Risk Management segments combined, we broke through $400 million market $428 million. 2011 supplemental commissions and contingents came at over $94 million which is outstanding work by our field management team. Business was strong throughout the year, but especially strong in the fourth quarter. We finished the year with 12,000 colleagues and over $2 billion of revenue.  During the second half of 2011 we finished 15 more clean coal plant that will contribute significantly to after-tax income in 2012 and beyond. Total return to shareholders in 2011 was 20% and if you go back to 11/08, what we view as the start of the great recession, total shareholder return is 70% including our dividend and our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend to 3% at the last meeting. All and all just a great year, I’m very proud of our team. I think everyone contributed from all over the globe.  Let me highlight three particular points, so I’d like to add some color to it, and those will be the property casualty rate environment, our economy and mergers and acquisitions. And I will start with the PC rates. The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers survey came out last week. It shows small accounts up 3.1%, medium accounts cost going up about 3.5% and larger accounts about 1.8% which averages out to 2.8% and that’s pretty much exactly what we are seeing. There are some exceptions, catastrophe exposed properties especially the big wind exposed accounts are virtually in a hard market. In some instances we have seen a 100% rate increases.  Property in general across the Board is increasing more than the 3%, work comp as a line of coverage needs significant rate adjustments especially in California, Illinois and New York. Management liability, directors, officers, etcetera in particular in the middle market is showing some firming. I think it's fair to say in general, carriers are resisting decreases. Now having said that I’m declaring a hard market here, a great account with a good loss record one that hasn’t shopped every year is likely to receive a very competitive proposal. And secondly, on the economy, I’m not an economist but my own anecdotal evidence as I travel our network shows that our clients’ businesses are improving. I’ve talked to a number of clients across many of our offices, whether it’s a small contractor or a medium-sized manufacturer, their businesses appear to be improving and we are actually seeing some additional premium audits. Finally, in mergers and acquisitions, as I said already, 2011 was a great year. Our pipeline remains very, very full. It does look like capital gains tax rates may reset in 2013, so we think we’re going to see a continued strong interest in joining our firm. I believe 2012 has all the potential to be even a stronger year than 2011. As I’ve already said, rate reductions appear to be over, organic growth is back after three years of reductions, the economy does appear to be improving and our merger and acquisition pipeline is strong. But, most importantly, our team is incredibly energized. We’re winning way more than we’re losing. We’re focused. We’re turned on and the team is producing. We have a strong new business culture. Everyone, from myself through the entire organization, is involved in serving our existing clients and producing new accounts. We all realized nothing happens until someone rings the cash register. Doug?
Doug Howell : Thanks, Pat and good morning, everyone. Hey, it’s really nice to wrap up 2011 by delivering excellent financial results. Today, I’m going to flip through the earnings release like I do and I’ll give you some flavor on a few items and help you with some of your thinking as it comes to building your 2012 model. Okay. On the first page, looking at the Brokerage segment, the big item is the Heath Lambert integration cost of $0.04 per share, which is in line with what we were expecting. Looking forward to 2012, we anticipate about $0.08 of integration cost for the year in 2012 and then about $0.04 in 2013. Staying on the first page but moving down to Risk Management, as we forecasted in the third quarter call, we had about $0.01 of integration cost related to wrapping up GAB Robins. We’re done and we don’t expect any integration cost in 2012. I’ll also echo what Pat said earlier. The GAB Robins deal is really turned out to be a nice deal for us and we have lots of positive thoughts about Heath going forward too. Flipping to the organic revenue table on the second page and for the Brokerage segment, as you model 2012, please apply your organic growth pick to only the commission and fee line. Then please think about supplementals and contingents separate from core commissions and fees. At this point in the pricing cycle, we’re not expecting supplemental and contingents to go up in 2012. Holding them flat in 2011 should be viewed as good work in this environment. Now flip to page three to the Brokerage segment margin table. Posting margin expansion this quarter is consistent to what we’ve been telling you. If organic is over 3%, you’ll see a bit of margin expansion assuming a low inflationary environment. But below 3%, don’t expect margin expansion, also one other important modeling point for 2012. Because our first quarter is seasonally our smallest revenue quarter and Heath Lambert is also seasonally smallest in the first quarter, please do not expect any margin expansion in the first quarter of 2012. Moving to the bottom of page three to Risk Management organic table, we’ve added a line at the bottom of that table that shows you organic without both the performance bonus revenues and without the New Zealand earthquake claim settlement revenues. Effectively, that is organic for core fees. We think that’s a better number to focus on because performance bonus revenues can be lumpy and we’ve been discussing that the New Zealand earthquake claims will begin to dry up later in 2012. So, when modeling 2012 revenues for Risk Management, apply your organic growth pick to the fee line only. Next, assume between 2 and $4 million of performance bonus revenues per quarter and finally grade down the New Zealand earthquake revenues from about 4 million in the first quarter to about 1 million in the fourth quarter and that should get you close. Turn to page four. I want to spend a little time on how we are viewing margins for the Risk Management segment. You’ve heard us say before that we are targeting adjusted EBITDAC margins between 15 and 16%. We’ve essentially hit the upper end of that range for the last two years and we hope to hit that again here in 2012. Let me explain why you shouldn’t model margin expansion in this segment in 2012. First, remember the business model. As claim counts grow, we need to hire more adjusters. Accordingly, as a general rule of thumb, 20 to 25% of incremental revenues hit the bottom line. So, if you do the math, you’ll see that organic growth before 5% would not move overall margins much at all, especially if you factor in a bit of inflation. Even organic growth between 5 and 10% doesn’t have that much impact on margins again, if you contemplate a little bit of inflation. Second, also contributing to a flattish margin in 2012 is our Risk Management team is planning to invest about $5 million during 2012 to improve our service offering to our clients. Two examples include developing predictive models focused on medical management and fraud detection. Another example is building some new litigation management and return to work tools. We think these client-centric investments will help us improve our retentions and attract new customers over the long haul. Let’s flip to page five for a minute and then I’ll come back to the Corporate segment on page four. On page five, we provide a detailed update on all of our clean energy investments. In a nutshell, we successfully built and placed in service all 15 of the 2011 era clean coal plants in the fourth quarter. Five of the new plants are burning coal under long-term contracts. We’ve got an agreement in principle for another plant, and we’re making headway on deploying the remaining nine 2011 Era Plants and the remaining two 2009 Era Plants. It will take most of 2012 to get most of the other plants deployed, but progress is encouraging. Also, it’s important to note that the quarterly earnings estimates we provide on page five are ultimate run rate amounts. There will be some operational tweaking that happens during the first half of this year, so we don’t expect to hit those numbers immediately out of the gate here in 2012. Also near the bottom of page five, we’ve added a paragraph about forecasted earnings from our 42% investment in Chem-Mod. Recall that Chem-Mod is the entity that owns the technology recipe used in the clean coal plants that we build and is also being used in plants built by other unrelated parties. As of today, we believe we could earn 2 to $2.5 million of net after-tax earnings per quarter from Chem-Mod. Looking forward, as we deploy our remaining plants into long-term contracts and other unrelated licensees do the same with their plants, we expect our earnings from Chem-Mod to grow, but we are not in a position at this time to make an estimate. All right, with that on the clean energy, let’s turn back to page four and look at the Corporate segment. We believe that the best way to view the Corporate segment is the shortcut table we put on page four. So looking back, as for the fourth quarter, the interest line, clean energy line and acquisition line came right in where we forecasted in our October conference call. The Corporate line beat by $0.02 and the legacy investment line beat by $0.01. The beat on both of those lines was because we favorably resolved some tax positions in the fourth quarter. So you should view that beat as one-timers. Looking forward to 2012, here’s what you should model for the Corporate segment. And the numbers I’m going to give you here are net of tax, so the right column in that table. Assume about $7 million of interest and banking cost per quarter, assume about 1 million of acquisition cost per quarter, assume about 2.5 million of Corporate cost per quarter. Now, assume about 9 million of clean energy earnings in the first quarter and grade that up to about 17 million of earnings in the fourth quarter. And then I wouldn’t assume anything for legacy investments at this point. Okay, when you get done with that, back check what you end up with. You’ll end up with a Corporate segment that should about breakeven in the first quarter, show about $0.02 of earnings in the second quarter, $0.04 of earnings in the third and $0.06 of earnings in the fourth. Clearly, a lot can happen to cause those numbers to change, but that’s our best guess based on what we know now. All right, for my last comment, just a reminder that our first quarter is seasonally our smallest. And once again, I really encourage you to convert your models to closely follow our financial supplement that we post on our website. When you do, please make sure you’re using the adjusted numbers as your baseline for projecting future results. There’s not that much difference between reported and adjusted in the first quarter of 2011, but there are significant differences in the last three quarters. All right, those are my comments. The team did obviously a great job closing on 2011. I’m looking forward to 2012. Back to you, Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. : Thank you, Doug. Rob, we’re ready for questions and answers. Hopefully some answers.
Operator:   Thank you. The call is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Yaron Kinar for Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: I have a question or maybe the first question would be on the P&C markets and exposures, listening to a lot of the underwriters, it seems like they’re expecting additional improvements and we’re already at roughly 2, 3% rate improvement. I think, Pat, you had mentioned in the past that you are expecting kind of very slow and modest but longer term improvement in this cycle. Do you still see that as the case and if rates actually do improve more than, I think the 2, 3% rate improvement that we’re currently seeing, do you think that’s going to start hurting your clients’ ability to buy insurance?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, Yaron, I think you raised a great question there. What we’re seeing at the present time is in fact that the 3s, 4s, 5s, 6% increases were accounts that have hurt underwriters. You can see more than that. But in fact where the market is hard, as I mentioned in catastrophe-exposed, wind-exposed property on any of the coasts, we’re seeing exactly what we predicted. If the rates are up 100%, their drop-in coverage is 50%. I mean, we do not think that our clients in this economic environment can take a spike recovery that we saw in 2001. And we are, in fact, seeing kind of a slow steady increase in that 3 to 5% area and it’s interesting. I’ve been to a number of our production meetings across the country. There have been times when carriers have asked for an increase. We’ve said this doesn’t seem warranted. We’ve gone out to the market and in fact found the coverage back with the originating carrier. So rates are moving up slowly, but they are steady. It’s across virtually all geographies and most classes of business with some additional cost for property and some of those other areas I mentioned in my prepared remarks, but we don’t think that the economy and the clients can take a big spike.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And with that in mind, looking forward, should we expect like what mid single-digit organic growth in Brokerage now that you’re also facing a little bit of more difficult prior year comp as opposed to in the last couple of years?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, let me put it this way, yes, if I get a flat economy and flat rates, you see exactly what the organic was in the fourth quarter. We’re a new business machine. That’s what we do every day. Every single one of us gets up every day and thinks about taking care of the clients we’ve got and get new ones. If I don’t have the headwinds of a bad economy and think about that 2008, 2009, many of our businesses lost 50% of their business. And If I don’t have a 5 to 6 to 7% rate decline, yes, I will maintain organic growth.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, maybe one final question again on Brokerage. You talked in the past about how anything above 2% organic growth and you should see some modest margin improvement or more. And, I guess I was just a little bit surprised that with 5% organic growth, margins only improved like 50 basis points.
Doug Howell: Yaron, this is Doug. I think actually we improved basis points in the fourth quarter 140 basis points if you exclude the Heath Lambert acquisition. We improved 70 basis points, if you include Heath Lambert which we know has lower margins. A point, a point and a half with 5% organic growth, that hangs together pretty well. 
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Also, let’s get this straight. What Doug has been saying to the street forever is 3% organic, no margin expansion.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Not, two.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Yes, and the Heath Lambert, I did not factor that in, that’s a good point. Well, thank you very much.
Doug Howell: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please state your question.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Again, great growth. So, in the first half, what was the first half of 2011, what was the headwind from written exposure?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Boy, all right.
Doug Howell: I can pull that out.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Throw us another question and Doug will dig.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Sure. 5% net new. I mean, that’s great. Any big wins in there or is that just a lot of (inaudible)?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Singles and doubles across the whole network.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Great.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I’m very pleased. I think what we’re seeing, Adam, is that we’ve talked a long time about our niche focus, understanding our clients’ business, being out talking about our capabilities. Those things are really paying off.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: I’d have to imagine that RPS was doing really well in this environment. Did that help growth in this quarter or is that something we’ll see more in 2012 than 2011?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Helps very nicely in the quarter.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay.
Doug Howell: Adam, the answer to your question is between exposure units and renewal, we were seeing negative 3, negative 2, if you combine those two numbers together and we’re flattish now between that. And in the past, we’ve said it’s about 50/50. So, I’d say that’s probably a pretty good guess for the first half.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay. And then Heath Lambert, obviously that’s not included in organic, but how is that doing from an organic standpoint?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Right now it’s flattish, but it’s hanging together very, very well. The integration is going well. It’s a difficult integration. We probably moved 400 people’s desks in London alone, just where they sit, who they sit with, where they’re located, what have you. So, it’s been a very active six months of integration. I think we’ve done a terrific job of making sure those people feel like a welcome part of the family. And we’ve worked very, very hard on that. I think things are settling in and we’ll start to see some new business production. We’re also seeing some teams of people and other acquisition opportunities emanating out of that.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Great. And one last question. Other expense growth in the Brokerage was materially less than revenue growth, that’s great to see. Anything unusual in there or can you keep other expense growth at a relatively low rate?
Doug Howell: In the fourth quarter, we did tighten our belts on some travel. In the fourth quarter, we saw an opportunity to maybe pull back a little bit on that compared to our first three quarters run rate. And the team did an excellent job of really targeting where they need to go and who they need to see. And we also had some pretty favorable business insurance experience in the quarter too.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Arash Soleimani of Stifel Nicolaus. Please state your question.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus: Just a couple of quick questions. Just looking back, it looks like natural gas usage has been increasing while coal usage has been decreasing. Just looking forward into the future, I’m just trying to get an idea of how big of a risk factor do you think that is when it comes to the clean coal tax credits going forward?
Doug Howell: Good question. Well, there’s a lot of different risks that affect our clean coal investments, so one of them is that coal could be displaced at a plant with natural gas. In our case, I believe that the plants that were put in, the utilities that were putting these plants in have a good idea about whether they are going to immediately replace those plants with natural gas and probably would not be putting these plants in place if they have that expectation. That’s the first thing. Second thing, if they do displace coal with natural gas, those plants are movable. And we would find another utility to put them in or hope to find another utility to put them in and resume production. So it could take us out of service for a year on them. But at this point right now, we don’t see that the current ones that we’ve got in place are high exposure to displace sort of natural gas.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. So the numbers that you had provided on page five for the clean coal, are those best-case scenario or the quarterly after-tax?
Doug Howell: I think that the reasonable run rate expectations based on the plants that we know based on their historical production rates; it’s a nice down-the-middle number.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus: Down the middle. Okay. And then my next question is just on to Risk Management. I guess, right now I think CIAB had workers’ comp rates around 7%, market scale had them around 3%. How high do those really need to get for you to see an uptick in business in Risk Management?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, it’s a great question. I really don’t know the answer to that. I think that any time rates begin to run in the workers’ comp world, we see more people enter into self-insurance and the alternative market. And that’s been historical fact for the last 40 years. Do I have a specific number like 5% and then it’s Katy bar the door, no. But what ends up happening in the work comp line is, when it goes bad, it seems to get really bad. And those rates tend to not run three, fours, and fives, but you tend to see customers really being pushed hard and that’s when they will jump to the alternative market. So any rate increase bodes well for Gallagher Bassett.
Arash Soleimani - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Okay. And then, I guess, the main reason for the lack, I guess, the reason it’s more difficult to see margin expansion within Risk Management if that’s what you were saying before, having to hire more adjusters rather than Brokerage, you don’t have to hire necessarily more producers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, exactly. It’s a very labor-intensive business. With every dollar revenue comes claims work.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please state your question.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I guess three areas of questions. On your Risk Management, do we look at Q4 as a reasonable run rate ex the extra Australia, New Zealand claims or is there something else we should be considering thinking about the quarter because that was certainly a mini breakout relative to several years of results there?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think, Bob if maybe a penny’s worth I mean, by the time you look at page 3 of 14 and you see the adjusted in fees relating to international disasters, it’s not all that rich in margin. The additional performance bonus fees, that’s heavy margin business. So by the time you factor it out yes, I’d say that the Risk Management was a little hot this quarter.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. On the tax line, if I use sorry, about this, on page six, if I divide the 17 million federal statutory rate into my calculation of pre-tax that gets to about a 36% rate before we get to the good guys, was that that sort of penny in Brokerage that was a little bit lower that you sort of backed out or because you’re sort of saying 38 to 40 is a normal stat rate.
Doug Howell: Bob, I’d have to retrace your math to see how you’ve gotten there, but that number is intended to be somewhere around 38% of the number, so.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. My model says that you had 47 million of aggregate pre-tax earnings. Actually I can’t find complete pre-tax company-wide model in all your great releases.
Doug Howell: I’ll work on it if you want to go to the next question.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: And then, we got the 1.7 million, 3.8 of other items. The 1.7 is prior year and the 3.8, other net what’s in that?
Doug Howell: The other net, we resolved some tax positions and because of the mix of our business in certain states in the U.S. as a result of our clean coal production efforts and some other corporate realignments, it reduced our state taxes.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And that 5.5 million isn’t broken out as a good guy on the front page, right, because you only do that for Brokerage and Risk Management?
Doug Howell: Pieces of those numbers are taken out. If that was released through the Brokerage or Risk Management segment then we chisel that out and we put it out as separate line item.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So the $0.02 isolated up, but there’s another $0.03 in sort of Corporate I guess?
Doug Howell: Yes, that’s what I said. And if you look at the Corporate segment, there was $0.02 of beat in the Corporate line and $0.01 of beat in the legacy investment line and that comprises the difference.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Last question, is your run rate for financial services for Q4, is that sort of a quarterly run rate into 2013 or is there some seasonality in the pace of that?
Doug Howell: Say your question again, Bob, because you said ‘11 and then you went to ‘13, I thought.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: No, you said 2, 4, 6 your break-even 2, 4, 6 as sort of the financial services corporate trend line for 2012, so as we go into 2013, is that $0.06 quarterly run rate a good one or is there seasonality in that $0.06?
Doug Howell: I’m not giving any guidance on ‘13 yet, but those numbers that I gave you have no new plans being signed up under long-term contracts.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, so it could even go higher than that in future years or lower, I mean, compared to.
Doug Howell: Yes. It could go either way, Bob.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian DiRubbio of Y/CAP Management. Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: A couple of questions for you, on Risk Management, Pat, how much of that was from increased claims activity versus new business that you guys brought in?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I’m going to throw this to Scott Hudson.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Okay.
Scott Hudson: A significant percent was related to the claim increases, I mean, we were seeing through the fourth quarter somewhere in the neighborhood of about 2 plus percentage points just in claim count increases. And we’re also seeing marginal increases in rates with existing clients somewhere in the neighborhood of 2 to 2.5%. So, a lot of that is on the existing book. If you think about the new business, it takes a while that to take hold. So, even though it was coming throughout the year, we had a good new business year, we won’t see the majority of the effects of that until this coming year.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Got you. And you have to forgive me. I’m finding a little bit of a head cold this morning. The 2% claims increases, is that the biggest that you’ve seen in a while, because I mean claims have been sort of flat to down in that business?
Scott Hudson: Well, claim counts were going down through 2008, ‘09, ‘10.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Yes. So is this the inflection path that you’ve been sort of looking for?
Scott Hudson: Yes.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Okay. 
Doug Howell: And Brian that hangs together. The business insurance came out this week and talk about more frequency in the workers comp line.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It’s another one of my anecdotal areas where I look at the economy, Brian.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Because one of the big reasons for claim-count drops was the fact that you’re going from three shifts to two to one.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Got you. That makes a lot of sense. And then, Doug, as I was going through the release, are we down more comfortable with, I guess, Heath Lamberts contributing to lower overall tax rate in Brokerage?
Doug Howell: It will, yes. So, if you go to top of 6 of 14, we’ve actually moved it down a full percentage point. We used to give a range of 39 to 41 for that segment. We’re down to 38 to 40. And as that business starts to contribute more, it will have the impact of bringing the rate down slightly even more maybe in ‘13 or ‘14.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Got you. So maybe longer out, we can think maybe 37 to 39?
Doug Howell: I’m not willing to go there yet, but you’re welcome to think what you want.
Brian DiRubbio - Y/CAP Management: Got you. And just finally, was there any FX headwinds for you guys in the quarter with the dollar strengthening?
Doug Howell: Nothing of significance.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Farrell, Sterne Agee. Please state your question.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: Could you just comment on current trends in the employee benefits business and if organic growth is materially different from the overall organic in Brokerage segment and then also just your outlook for that area going forward?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, we’re very bullish on the benefits business. Our benefits business has had a higher organic than the PC business even including in the fourth quarter. I’ve said many times that the new law that we’re all facing now under the healthcare regs is providing us with tremendous amounts of additional work. Our clients are now having to face up to the fact that these regulations are coming into being. It’s I think putting tremendous pressure on the smaller agents and brokers out there which is helping us with our mergers and acquisitions. And underlying costs in health and welfare accounts are up. So, our organic there is a little bit stronger than the PC business.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, just another question, just on the clean energy. Doug, when you guys are coming up with your estimates for what these can generate, I’m assuming you have some assumptions for what you think coal price will be versus the other commodities. And is there any sensitivity that you guys do around the fluctuations? And then, any sort of ranges that we can think about tracking ourselves from the outside looking in?
Doug Howell: There’s two things to think about. Longer term, tax credits can go away if coal prices get too high compared to a reference price. So, there is a phase out. We’re well below that number at this point. It’s not a real easy number to track and at some point, I’ll have to figure out a way to be able to provide you guys that information. So, you can just monitor, it’s not like you can pick up a Wall Street Journal and find the reference price. So there is that sensitivity. But really that doesn’t impact the production of the coal. That’s a risk for the credit to go away. Do you have a second part of the question?
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: No. I think that essentially hit it. 
Doug Howell: Yes. I think right now, we believe coal prices are well below any type of phase-out level at this point. And so we think that we should have a clear site to produce over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ray Iardella with Macquarie Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Quick question, I guess, on the M&A front. I know you guys had mentioned in your prepared remarks that 2012 could be a pretty active year from an M&A standpoint. And it already seems like you guys are off to a good start, but just curious, I mean, how much cash do you think you have available to do acquisitions in 2012?
Doug Howell: Well, we think that now that we’ve got significant amounts of tax credits coming in, also we think a pretty good proxy for that is half of our reported EBITDA is what we generate. Of course, it could be used for acquisitions. Maybe 20% is better number.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay. And then just one other quick question, looking at your balance sheet, it looked like AOCI declined a little bit. I mean, is there something maybe pension-related? I know you said FX wasn’t a big, big deal in the quarter, and maybe can you guys just remind us about your pension plan and kind of your assumptions there, that would be useful.
Doug Howell: Yes, it’s great. Good question. And yes, we did have, if you look at the other comprehensive income line in our balance sheet, it’s a negative $47 million. 15 of it relates to FX and the balance of it relates to underfunded pension liability. The reason why that changed and this is going to impact probably the rest of the world too, is the discount rate assumption. We move down from 5.5% down to 4.5 and that produced basically an underfunded pension by 30 million, which is really kind of peanuts in our environment here. We froze that plan in 2005, which in retrospect looks like a good move, but that’s the difference that you’re seeing there, Ray.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay, great. And then return assumptions on the assets. I mean, did that change year-over-year, or is that something you guys are keeping consistent?
Doug Howell: Not dramatically. The recovery of the equity markets probably took a little pressure off of that line. The number is 7.5% is our return expectation and I think that’s pretty well in the middle point of the range for what people will be using, again, because of the equity balance in the portfolio.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Anyway you can shape up for us, perhaps, the other opportunities within the clean coal technology. I think you had talked about, you expect maybe the Chem-Mod to make more of a contribution, but you can’t shape it up right now. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the business that you are pursuing; maybe what’s your historical win rate has been to something to shape it up for us a little better?
Doug Howell: You know, Mark, I think that anything that I gave you on that right now would be subject to such a wide range of possibilities. I’d rather not do it now. I think I can give you a better answer in our April call. So, I think that I’d rather just wait to see. We’re a little downstream on that because Chem-Mod, while we managed that company here and that’s why we consolidated even though it’s only 42% owned, the other third-party licensees of that, they report to us on a lag basis and they’re not all that forthcoming in how their pipeline looks because to a certain extent we compete with them because we have other plans that we’re going to put in place. So I really can’t give that to you now until April but we have some cautious optimism on that.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Do you have a number for cash from ops for the full-year?
Doug Howell: Cash generated from operations?
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yes, exactly.
Doug Howell: Let me see if I can dig that out. Do you have another question?
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: No. I think that was it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Okay. We’ll dig for that answer and Rob; let’s move on to the next question.
Operator: Our last question is from Scott Heleniak of RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: First question I have was on M&A. Obviously; the entire sector there’s been a lot of consolidation going on. And I’m just wondering if you’re seeing any newer players in there, banks and private equity and some of the other guys that haven’t been as active coming back in. And if so, what is that doing to multiples in general that are paid for deals? Are you seeing any kind of big move and so, I would think that the multiple’s obviously going up a little bit?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, actually we’re not seeing a lot of multiple move. You’ve got our usual competitors have a very interesting kind of market out there when you look at M&A. As I said in my remarks, there is 18,000 agents and brokers or some number like that. We get that number from Hales & Associates in the United States alone. So, you got to at least to have doubled that globally and we’re active in the acquisition world globally. And most of these businesses are run by baby boomers. There is probably five very active acquirers and there are others as well. There is some private equity activity, very little activity on the side of the banks with maybe one exception with Wells. So, really what you’ve got is a huge supply of interested parties. I don’t want to diminish the amount of work this takes. We’ve got people out working hard every single day and every deal we do, even if it’s a 3 or $4 million deal, is in fact the marriage that’s taken a lot of courting to get it done. So, our people are working very, very hard. Having said that, what’s interesting about the process is the five main acquirers, we do each of us have very unique personalities as companies and through the process we generally get to a point where that seller has decided where he or she wants to land. And we’re very lucky and very pleased with those people that have decided to join our company. But that has produced no shortage of opportunities for our competition. So, I look out over the next decade frankly and see just a tremendous amount of consolidation that’s going to occur, both because of the baby boomer age situation, as well as the fact that the buyers, the clients are demanding a higher level of expertise. And it’s just no longer going to be I think a decade from now, just that relationship purchase is going to be far diminished from what it is today. So, lots and lots of opportunities and no, we’re not seeing a lot of expansion.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. The next question I had was you mentioned Risk Management, the increase in the claims accounted, up 2%. And I was wondering, obviously you guys see a lot of the claims activity comes in. I was wondering was there any particular class where you’re seeing frequency uptick more so than others, obviously, workers’ comp in the market, we’ve kind of heard that anecdotally. Is there anything any particular class where the trend is kind of going much higher?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No. The major line of business that we adjust is workers’ compensation, but it is across all client types.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, I was wondering the $4.6 million amortization write-down from the two acquisitions, I was wondering if you could touch on that a little bit more when those two acquisitions happen, and do you expect any additional write-downs for 2012 at all based on what you see here?
Doug Howell: Okay. First of all, let me go back to Mark’s question. We had $283 million of cash generated from operations. And then now, let’s go to the 4.6 write-down was two or three deals that we took small impairment charges on their amortization, unamortized intangible. Probably 3.5 to 4 million of it related to one particular broker that we bought. He is still with us. He is a tremendous deliverer. They were selling a product, a life insurance product that was dependent on borrowing some leverage from banks. That availability of lending has dried up for the time being. We expect that product to be back. It’s a nice product used for estate planning. It’s not viatical. So, we didn’t meet the recoverability test. So, I’d say this is as much an accounting write-down as it is, it’s not a bad deal. He just has to wait for lending to become a little looser for him to get back into selling these products.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That makes sense. And then, my last question was just, Pat, you mentioned a comment about some of the clients that you’re seeing around the country feeling better about their businesses. Was there any particular sector, geography where that was true more so this quarter than last quarter? And any change in customer buying behavior as a result?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think, probably, where I’ve had the most opportunity to interact with clients has been in the Midwest and I think the Midwest has sort of led the improvement. But, we are seeing improvement in a number of our businesses across all of our geographies. The buying pattern that we are seeing that is important to note is that where we are seeing a spike in pricing and this is particularly a catastrophe-exposed property, clients are buying less cover and that’s what we’ve been saying all along. If this thing spikes as it did in 2001, if we have a violent rate increase environment, clients are going to buy less coverage.
Operator: And we have no further questions, Mr. Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: All right. Then I’d like to make just a few quick wrap-up comments. Again, thank you, everybody for being with us this morning. I want to just remind all the listeners that we’re very focused on four things strategically. Number one, organic growth; number two, mergers and acquisitions; number three, productivity and quality; and finally, maintaining what we know is a very unique culture and I want to touch on each of those very briefly. As it relates to organic growth, every single office, every division, every person, everyday is taking care of clients and looking for new ones. When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, I’ve already mentioned the fact that the pipeline is very full. Most of these are baby boomers, but more importantly, I think it’s the capabilities that we built as a company that are attracting people because they know once they joined Gallagher, they can actually grow their business significantly. That pipeline is strong. As it relates to productivity and quality, if you go all the way back to 2008, which is essentially what we believe the beginning of the great recession, we’ve built our high quality service centers offshore and we’ve actually increased our margin in this very difficult economic time. And fourthly, we worked very hard to maintain what we know is a unique culture. This company has something special. It is the ball team. We’re together. This culture keeps us together in good times and in tough times, and good times and bad times, we’ve stayed focus on those four strategies that we continue to believe will create growth for our shareholders. We’ve never wavered in that belief and that’s what we’re concentrating on as we go into 2012, which we believe we can build on the success of 2011 very well. So, we’re looking forward to 2012. We appreciate your being with us this morning. Thanks very much and have a great day. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 09:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank Keith Walsh – Citigroup Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets Mark Hughes – SunTrust
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Arthur J. Gallagher & Company’s Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rob and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter conference call. We appreciate you being on the line today. Today I’m joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the operating heads of our operating divisions. I’m very pleased with our third quarter results. You will typically read the press release I won’t do that as well, but those of you who would have seen the first paragraph I think our results from the quarter are outstanding. In our calls I typically try to focus my comments on the four strategic areas that we’re focused on and those are organic growth, mergers and acquisitions, productivity and maintaining our culture, but today most of my comments I think I’d rather spend on organic growth and mergers and acquisitions. This is the third quarter we’ve been in positive organic territory, I am pleased with that. Our total company organic that’s combining the brokerage risk management segments commissions, fees and supplementals was up 5.2% and let me give you a little flavor on that. Brokerage grew at 2.6% and risk management grew at 12.9% even if you exclude the temporary surge that came about because of the risk management claims that rose from New Zealand earthquake, risk management grew organically 8% and the total company grew 4%. I think that’s excellent work by our team and it just shows that our sales and client service cultures are alive and well. Everyone in the company knows that good things happen when you take care of our clients and nothing happens until somebody rings the cash register. I will give you a little further breakdown on the Brokerage segment, the 2.6% here is what we are seeing. Our U.S. retail PC operations grew slightly below that average. Our U.S. retail employee benefits operations grew slightly above that average and our U.S. and international wholesalers in MGA, MGUs who is slightly above that average with domestic being a little bit stronger than international. The drivers of those results were solid blocking and tackling. Number one new business levels held steady with 2010 and secondly our client retentions are actually running better than they did in 2010. These combined to overcome about a 2% to 3% negative impact from rates and exposures, which if you look back a year frankly is only a slight improvement over what we saw in the quarter in 2010. Let me breakdown risk management organic excluding the New Zealand earthquake claims. Our domestic business grew about 5.5%, half of that relates to increased claim counts from net new business sales. A slight increase in claim counts from existing customers and the balance comes from getting rate increases. Internationally, we grew nearly 19%, most of all that relates to new business growth in Australia and the U.K. GB’s international operations are really a bright spot. Let me look forward and comment a bit on rates. As per the rate environment, it is encouraging to see that the CIB Agent Survey Report showed about 1% average increase in rate across all lines for the quarter, on that at this time of year we spent a lot of time with our insurance carriers, and the mode this year is decidedly different than a year ago. We see them getting tighter rate cuts, they are looking for rate increases all of the CEOs are talking about that. It’s still going to take some time in my opinion to see that trickle down to the street level, but it sure would be nice to stop run and up and down escalator for the first time in eight years.  As per exposures, I’ve also spent a lot of time over the last few weeks with many of our clients across various parts of the country. I’m just not hearing from them that the recent economic turmoil has further damaged their businesses. They seem to have reached a level of employment and activity that can keep them going in this environment. So as we finish the year we are not planning for increased exposure units, but we are also not planning to see a decrease. As per new business there are lots of opportunities across the whole organization.  The environment of PC and benefit sales is becoming much, much more complex, customers are increasingly expecting industry specific expertise and technical expertise and assembling their insurance and benefits programs. Years ago you will recall we organized ourselves around industry niches, and during the soft market we’ve continued to invest in systems and tools to help our producers win. Just take a look at one example, if you look this new healthcare law for example. It’s just too complex and technical for small firms to handle, especially if they are simply relying on a relationship to carry that day with their clients, Gallagher provides our producers with the best tools and resources in the industry and can master those resources around the country and the world that are exactly what the customer needs, when and where they need it. Let me comment on our merger acquisition activity. Year-to-date, we have done 21 mergers for about $235 million of annualized revenue. This already betters our previous best year ever which was 2008, we did a $166 million that year. Much of this of course relates to the acquisition of Heath Lambert in the U.K. and as I always do I want to welcome all our new colleagues, we really believe it together our future is bright. So look forward near term we have some really nice opportunities in process right now that we hope to close in the fourth quarter and most of these are U.S. domestic agencies. As for 2012 our pipeline is stronger than ever and there are several converging factors that we believe will contribute to robust activity next year. First, the first year push capital gains rates are said to expire that naturally causes increase interest from some sellers. Secondly as I mentioned the need for technical resources is expanding, smaller shops are realizing that they need systems and tools to compete. They are great sales and service folks, but the needs on the technical side are growing fast and they just can’t invest enough to keep pace. And thirdly most agency owners are baby boomers and they are looking for the right partner to monetize their life’s work. So when it comes to competitive landscape there are more than enough opportunities to keep all the strategic acquirers busy for years to come. So as I’ve said at the offset, I’m pleased with this quarter, glad to have it in the books and Doug why don’t you give further color.
Doug Howell – Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Pat and good morning everyone. Today, I am going to flip though the earnings release and give you some color on a few items. Okay, on the first page looking at the Brokerage segment as anticipated we had $0.03 of Heath integration cost in the quarter which was offset by $0.03 of earn out adjustments mostly related to the 2009 Liberty deal. As for Heath well only a few months old we believe the integration is right on track. Last quarter we provided a table in our earnings release showing that net of integration cost that will run through 2013, keep should about breakeven here in 2011, contribute about $20 of EBITDAC in 2012 and contribute about $30 million EBITDAC in 2013. As per Liberty recall that, this was a completely different deal than our typical mergers, because there were so many unknowns when we did the deal back in 2009 we put nearly 70% of the maximum purchase price on a three year earn-out. Over the last few quarters, as we approached the final six months of the earn-out period that runs out in March of 2012, we have been right sizing the business which causes some downward adjustments in our estimated earn-out payment. None of these adjustments should be viewed as meaning the deal is not performing rather it’s just adjusting the accounting estimate which had a really wide $120 million range. As we sit here today, it’s contributing annualized EBITDAC of about $20 million to $22 million and because of the elastic earn-out, we still end up paying about four times for the deal. Moving to the risk management numbers, you'll see that we had about $0.03 of charges related to integrating GAB Robins and adjusting our existing workforce. We are wrapping up the integration process over the next couple of weeks, so expect only about a penny of integration cost in the fourth quarter. By all measures it turned out to be a terrific deal. Including net integration cost we paid about $24 million for $45 of revenues which contributes about $9 million of annual EBITDAC. That’s what we thought when we did the deal and the team did a fantastic job delivering the expected results. Moving to the middle of the third page, likely discussed last quarter, you'll read how the Heath operations won a lower comp ratio, a higher operating expense ratio and overall we’ll run a lower EBITDAC margin than the broader brokerage segment until sometime in 2013 when we complete the integration process. Accordingly, we’ve added a line in the table to show you our adjusted EBITDAC margins with and without heat. You'll see that we held margins this quarter and are actually 20 basis points up year-to-date. Holding margins in a low organic environment is right in line with what we've been saying for several quarters. At the bottom of page three, you’ll see risk management’s organic growth. We continue to provide and we have for over a year a separate line showing the New Zealand earthquake claims. While we expect the current rate to continue through much of 2012, by 2013 it will start to run down quickly. Accordingly, as you build your longer-term models, please make sure you factor that into your projections and know that it contributes about 15% margin. Turning to page four on the corporate segment, you’ll see that we posted third quarter results exactly as we told you in our July earnings release conference call. Looking forward to the fourth quarter of 2011, just to assume a repeat of the third quarter and you’ll get close. As for 2012 you’ll read that our clean energy investments are making steady progress. The 12 2009 era plants were up and running and 6, 2011 era plants will be placed in service by year-end and should be running that expected level sometime in early 2002. So, if all 18 of these plants produce as we expect in 2012 the clean energy line might report about $11 million to $12 million of quarterly net after-tax earnings. If you assume interest M&A cost and other corporate costs will continue at the current run rate, the clean energy line would offset those costs. That would mean our corporate segment could do a bit better than breakeven for full year 2012. And remember whatever we save in taxes will give us more cash to use in our M&A strategy. Okay, for my last comment, more house-keeping. It’s a reminder that our first quarter is seasonally our smallest and once again, I really encourage you to convert your models to closely follow our financial supplement that we post on our website. Please make sure you’re using the historical adjusted numbers as your baseline for projecting future results. Otherwise you run the risk of projecting to off some one-timers. Okay. Pat those are my comments. It’s really nice to have a solid and really good quarter. I’m looking forward to a strong finish to 2011 and a strong 2012.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer: Rob, this is Pat, we’ll go ahead and open it open for questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from Vincent DeAugustino with Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead with your question.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Morning, Vince.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Looking back I guess to the last hard market, would you say that today’s rate story looks a little like 1999 did or is that not exactly accurate?
Doug Howell:  No, it’s – my feeling is it’s more like 2000.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Doug Howell: If you recall before 9/11, since we were saying 1%, 2%, 3% increases, people were starting to say that we were coming to – they were at a point where they knew they were going to bleed. This environment is different this time for one really key reason. There is no investment return at all. So, the first half of the year posting a 110.5 combined is that these CEOs really do understand that that’s trouble.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then I guess just a one follow up. We’ve heard that Willis might be getting back into the M&A game and then I’m guessing that that really won’t have much impact on you M&A pipeline, but I’m curious if you would think that having other buyer out there in addition to some new private equity start-up action, do you think that has any influence over deal pricing out there today?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I don’t think so I mean we’ve seen people coming in and out of the market over the years and there is just so much supply out there, Vince. And as I said in my comments the preponderance of these agencies especially in the United States, but even around the world are owned by baby boomers and so there is going to be an awful lot of activity and I think that’s why you are seeing private activity and others coming in to the business, there’s great opportunities.
Vincent DeAugustino – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ray Iardella with Macquarie Bank. Please state your question.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Good morning, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Doug Howell: Good morning, Ray.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: So, I guess in terms of a margin, you guys did a pretty good job keep the margin in tact this quarter, but can you maybe remind us what you guys need as far as organic revenue growth is concern to expand margins?
Doug Howell: Yes. All right, thanks for the question. We’ve said and we continue to say that a few in a organic environment in the brokerage segment that’s 2% or less, don’t expect margin expansion from us. If we get to three or four you might see a little bit five or more you should see more margin expansion at that point. But in this environment there are enough inflationary pressures, there is enough – slight wage pressures out there, therefore 2% or less, don’t expect any margin expansion and holding a content will be good work.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Got it. And then I guess in terms of the risk management business, I think you’re target there or at least you may stated in the past it was 15%, but the past seven quarters you guys have posted 15% or better margin in that business. I mean should we start thinking about that as a slightly better margin business or is the 15% still kind of your long term target?
Doug Howell: I think we feel that 16% would be outstanding, 15% would be great hard work, so between 15% and 16% is where we’d like to run that business at this point.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay, great. And then one last one if I can sneak it in, I guess in terms of M&A I know with will assumption again pricing you guys kind of feel won’t really be changed. But can you maybe talk about is there any difference in pricing between the employ benefits business versus just more P&C focused agents.
Doug Howell: Basically (indiscernible) over both of them. I mean the benefit business has natural organic growth built in it to a certain extent, because there is constant rate increases in that business, but – so it might be a slight better but not that much.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Bank: Okay, thanks.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Walsh of Citigroup. Please take your question.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Hi. Good morning guys. How are you?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good, Keith. Good morning.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Good. I guess Pat, first for you just thinking about exposures, do you think on one-one renewals will get a maybe a catch up on exposures from corporations that have maybe been a little more conservative over the last couple of years, if could you just talk to that a little bit?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, I think we will Keith. I think what you’re seeing is that we’re done now in my opinion with the return premium phase of the cycle of the recession. Yes, clients have been very conservative at renewal if they are expecting to have their sales go from $50 million to a $100 million. They’re going to maybe say that the sales are going to go from $50 million to $60 million. So I think we’ll start to see additional premiums and those then – once there is an AP then those exposures do flow into the renewal.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay and then secondly, I guess for Doug. Just what’s the view on contingents, I guess, you’ve had about $35 million year-to-date. As combined ratios and the industry continue to tick up, what sort of the sensitivity to that as we think about the next year?
Doug Howell: Yes. Thanks, Keith. I think it’s important for everybody to watch those lines. I think if the contingent environment and the supplemental environment as the carriers become more concern with profitability in their books they are going to work – we’re going to have to work really hard to hold those things to where they are and so I wouldn’t expect much substantial increase from those, but if we can hold them steady in this environment, I think that would be good work.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: I guess just a follow up on that, I mean, I’m not thinking to increase, I’m thinking – I’m worried about decrease especially on the contingents if combined ratios go up. So is there any rule of thumb about sensitivity, we should be thinking about there? And then I guess, the follow up on one of your comments, are your supplementals tied to profitability as well? I was under the impression that they were not.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, but what they are allowed to do Keith is the supplementals are set annually and the carriers that agreed with the regulators to use supplementals are allowed to look back as they set the supplemental rate for the upcoming year. Once that rate is set, then we can accrue those supplementals simply against premium because it has nothing really do to with profitability. Having said that, if they are not seeing growth and slash profitability on their look back, negotiating those same supplemental rates gets more difficult. And Doug is right, and Keith I can’t give you a rule of thumb. I can’t say if combine loss and expense ratio go to 115 then you can see contingents come down by 50% because this is important income to our branch operations and they will fight hard with those insurance companies to make sure they keep their remuneration.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please take your question.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Good morning. I’d like to start with Doug on the clean-energy. If we go through your commentary and add up the numbers just assuming my math is right, you’ve gone from a $7 million to $11 million after-tax range post Q2 and guidance for 2012 to $11.5 million to $12.5 million range. So you’ve sort of increased the earnings, you’ve tightened the range and you also eliminated the hedges that were awarded in the second quarter when you said have not generated approval and if they are running at full levels you took those out. So, from all that combined can we read that you’re more confident about what this can do next year or am I over analyzing?
Doug Howell: That’s how you should read it. Also just to show why we’re more confident today. Since the last time we had our call in July we have received all the necessary regulatory permits on all of the 2009 era plants that we had been operated under temporary emission permits. So we’ve got – those are in place and running. So, the top paragraph on that page those have received all the regulatory permits. With respect to the new full operations that will use six plants, we have received the necessary permanent at regulatory permits already from the states where those are running and we didn’t start the process until we had received those permanent permits. So yes, we are more comfortable that the permitting process is in place for those 18 plants at this point.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: And how you define early 2012, is that include first quarter or we talking second quarter with the…?
Doug Howell: I’m hoping for sometime in the first quarter.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Okay. So there’ll be the piece of that going into first quarter you’re saying.
Doug Howell: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Hopefully?
Doug Howell: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Okay. Pat, I got to make you work, is the historian, I remember the last cycle and I think the cycle before you and management team warned us that we’ve been running this company really tight and when we get a pricing recovery, we got to spend a lot of the improved revenues to sort of fill in holes where we’ve been running tied-on raises and hiring. Is that how we should think this cycle or do you think you want to run the thing leaner and show the margins earlier this time around?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think we probably did a latter part. I mean I think we had some early good opportunities in the last cycle. We’re always recruiting producers. I don’t think we have the opportunity to recruit at the level that we did in 2001. But you’re right I mean when you take a look historically, your recollection of that is accurate, I think as we come into this. The other thing is I will tell you and I know this sounds, I’m not at present sensing a V-shape cycle turn to see. When you’re thinking about your models and like, it doesn’t feel. Now we get a catastrophe like we did in 9/11 something like that could change. But to me right now it feels like certain parts of the country and certain lines of coverage are going to get hard. Similar to what we saw after Andrew and other property catastrophes Katrina, where the property market got very difficult but the other lines didn’t. So, right now property is very tough for instance in Oklahoma. Workers comp is getting tough in Illinois and California, and workers comp as a line, I think across the country is going to get tight. D&O is still soft. So, if that happens you could see a time here. The CEOs of the insurance companies that I talked to today are different in their outlook and their discussion then they were in 2000.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: One lat question for you Pat. There is perception out there that AIG has changed its spots as its going public a second time and is now more focused on underwriting than volume and they’ve been public of stating that as an objective. Do you see them much in your markets or are you more underneath them and…
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. AIG is one of our most significant trading partners and I think it’s fair to say that it’s not just AIG, literally in the past month and a half I think Jim Gault and myself and (indiscernible) others, there are primarily 25 CEOs and leadership teams of insurance companies. As we get ready to do our planning for next year. They are all talking about needing to pay much more attention to underwriting. They know that their accident year loss ratios aren’t good. They know they’re not getting any investment income and they recognize that they’re going to have to get some rate or they’re going to be really in trouble.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Bob.
Doug Howell: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dan Farrell of Sterne Agee. Pleas state your question.
Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee: Thank you and good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee: We’re still in the early stages of heat plan about your presence there but could you maybe comment if you seen any early changes in your sort of deal pipeline there now that you have a bigger presence build out.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. Dan, I think it’s really, really – its actually been incredible. Two things first off, the people who joined coming out of private equity ownership are ecstatic to be part of a company that’s in this business, is going to stay in this business, understands the business and wants to build it out. The second thing that has happened in just four months, the number of teams and other deals that are approaching us is far bigger than we imagined when we did the deal. Now we are going slow. We’re not going to just start running all over England, buying firms and like. We’re good at tuck-in acquisitions. We know what to do. But first order business has bed this team down and make sure that the business runs the way we laid out in our press release last quarter and that’s what we’re attending to right now.
Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee: Great thanks. And then just one quick question on tax rate, I think in the past you got to sort of 39% to 41% within the segments. Is the international expansion, would that have some incremental downward movement in the tax rate overtime?
Doug Howell: Yes, Dan. I think the – as the mix becomes slightly more international which have a little bit lower tax rates, you would see a slight reduction and we’ve said still 39% to 41%. I’m not ready to go to 38% to 40% quite yet, but you will see some of that as we get more business internationally.
Dan Farrell – Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brian DiRubbio of Y/CAP Management. Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Good morning guys. How are you doing?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Brian, how are you?
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Okay. I guess you guys are hoping for flat tax actually.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure. That would be okay.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Yes.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good Brian.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Couple of questions. First off, as I look at your acquisition activity over the last 12 months, excluding GAB Robins, Bushong a little bit, it looks like you picked up around $275 million of revenues on the brokerage side. How should we think about that revenue base growing within the first year that you acquired. So that growth is not in your organic growth number but that’s not going to be a static number over the ensuing 12 months. Do you understand what I’m trying to get out. Is that growing sort of inline with your organic growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, it is. I mean we expect those operations, even though we don’t include it in our organic calculations until it’s been with us for a year. It’s – we do expect them to grow. It does take an organization a little bit of time to adjust to the new environment, but generally they’re very excited about joining us and they’re running out and targeting those clients for the exact reason why they merger with us. They see our resources, our technical capability, our niche expertise as a way to get into those customers or those targets that they’ve been looking out for years and so they go after it. And I think the culture here at Gallagher will cause people to rally behind those new mergers to the greatest extent that we can to help them be successful and that’s the perfect type of merger partner. The person that comes in grabs one of our niche leaders and goes out and targets those customers that they have been wanting to call on for years.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Got you. So, maybe fair to say – maybe half of the organic growth rate for that first year.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, I’ve really haven’t measured it, but we’re not seeing them fall-off. Let me put it that way.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Got you. Just it’s become a large number now and I just want to make sure that we’re capturing that. Second question on the Gallagher Bassett side, Pat, what are you seeing in terms of that business growth? Is it people moving more to self insurance or is it finally we’re seeing increased claim activity that we’ve been waiting for over the last two years?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think you’re seeing three things that I’d commented on. One, we are seeing increased claim activity on our renewal book. The second thing is that we’re finding more opportunities to work on behalf of insurance companies on an outsourced basis. And thirdly, I think you are seeing people continue to move into the alternative market, not at the rate that you’d see in a hard market but as clients grow their business, their focus on that risk management, that cost of risk?
Doug Howell: Yes. I think the other thing just pile on that Brian, with where comp ratios heading – where comp cost getting ready to go north, I think that you are going to see more people looking at the alternative market. You’ve got a really nice risk that was in the bundled market or back in the standard market and they’re looking at big rate increases coming up, that tend to fuel more opportunities. And the other thing too as the number of competitors that we have out there continues to consolidate down. There is just – when it comes to who can do this work, Gallagher Bassett three years in a row winning the Reader’s Choice award from business insurance. That’s a hell of endorsement when it comes down to what these guys can do out there and there is few of them that to compete with everyday.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Got you. And then final question with the success that you had with the GAB Robins acquisition integration, do you see more opportunities for M&A in that division?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think Brian, the answer to that is we have looked at other ones but we’re interested in companies that can bring us additional resources and capabilities and spread out our offering to our existing clients, not just to pick up books of business of the clients. To be real honest with you, we have such a great team with time, we’ll take him away from them rather not buy them.
Doug Howell: The other thing too Brian is one thing we don’t want to do is buy a TPA out there and then had to go out and raise prices and often times you'll find that the pricing that has been offered by some of these people for sale just doesn’t math up.
Brian DiRubbio – Y/CAP Management: Got you. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Brian.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question this morning is from the line of Sarah DeWitt of Barclays Capital. Please state your question.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning, Sarah.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Based on your comments about P&C pricing improving and exposure stabilizing, when do you think we could see brokerage organic growth accelerate and how much of is incremental dollar from higher prices fall to the bottom line?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Let me take the one I see accelerating because that’s a very difficult one to pick. And again I commented it earlier I don’t think we’re going to see a solid B shaped move in the market, I could be wrong. But, when I think about where we sort of sit, if we got 1% to 2% organic growth from the economy and we didn’t have the headwinds that we faced in the rate cutting environment and actually got something on the order of 2% to 3% to 4% rate increases and then our organic sales I mean we’re an organic new business machine. There is a time when the rates start getting cut and when the recession does started to turn around that you could be nicely over 5% organic on a continuing basis. Add to that the acquisition activity that we’ve got and it’s a pretty compelling story for the future and Doug you can talk a little over the margin.
Doug Howell: Yes, the thing to think about when it comes to margin on the brokerage business is that incremental sales if it doesn’t produce a significant amount of service work and another (indiscernible) changing numbers on a policy. And if you believe that we can move our commission structure hold those rates that, you get 60% of that number fall into the bottom line. To get into a huge surge maybe it’s more like 50% if it’s just a nice creep up you might get more like 65%, but really 25% to 30% goes to the producer on the street and the rest of it comes to the house and I believe that now that we have our offshore centers of excellence and lot of our new tools that we have invested in during the soft market. We have the ability to control headcount expansion or if we do have to expand workforce we can do that at in a lower labor location. So, I think we are pretty well positioned coming into this cycle.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just on the clean call, what are the risks to achieving that $10 million to $12 million of after-tax earnings per quarter. Or are you confident that you can achieve in 2012?
Doug Howell: Well, there is lots – I put this way, there is lots of risk with coal and I’d really encourage you to read all of our SEC filings where we talk about the risk ad nauseum. But here is something that you have to think about. First and foremost our objective when we do these things is to get our money back out of the – get our CapEx out as fast as possible. Although it doesn’t come off the books because we depreciate them over 10 years, most of these plans return our CapEx within a quarter or two of running. So, after that then it’s all money we’re kind of playing on the government’s money at that point. The risk that can face it, tax law legislation change, utility deciding that does not want to burn the refine fuel. It decides it might displace coal with natural gas, you could have disruptions in supply chain of delivering the materials. You could have a change in the tax law, emissions laws. There – anything when it comes to producing a refined coal you have to think about manufacturing and what can go wrong in the manufacturing process. And all those factors will influence us. That said we did this for 10 years under the Section 29 program. We have been running without a hiccup since late 2009 on our other plants, other than just shutting them down to get regulatory – permanent regulatory permits and then start to do a backup. So, there is a refined process – there is a defined process of creating refined fuel, the utilities have been incentive to burnet. So, all partners are aligned in this. We don’t control these partnerships after they’re up and running, so it takes unanimous discussion with all partners involved in order to make changes in it. But we think we’re pretty experienced in this, so the risk factors are there, but if they change I’ll certainly let you know.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks for the answer.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Great, Sarah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question. 
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good Morning, Scott.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Just had a couple of quick questions. First, it sounds like you’re pretty upbeat for M&A, I’m just wondering if do you still have appetite for another larger size deal, kind of like Liberty and Heath and Robin’s once you’ve done, or should we expect to see more of the kind of smaller bolt-on deals for 2012 based on what you know now?
Doug Howell: Well, Scott, first of all if you take a look at business insurance, in the top 100 agents and brokers in – we always said that there is about 18,000 agents and brokers in the United States. But to get in the top 100, you had to do $18 million of total revenue. So, the preponderance of the opportunities out there are going to be under $20 million. Having said that, I think the team has performed incredibly well on three large deals so far, Liberty, GAP, and now Heath and I’m really proud of what the team is doing in the England with the Heath deal and I’m sure that’s going to work out very-very well. So, if there were another larger deal in that top 100 in the United States or a larger deal outside the United States, we wouldn’t be bashful about trying to go for it. But in the meantime, what you’re going to see is the threes, fours and fives, we click off every quarter are going to be on the smaller end.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just kind of a broad question about what you are seeing on the pricing environment just by account size, small versus medium versus larger. I know you guys don’t do as much large account businesses as some firms, but just wondering if you are seeing any kind of nearing of differential of rate changes for those lines and are you seeing some of the competition that’s may be been little more aggressive being less aggressive over the past couple of months. Just any kind of broad commentary there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. I think my comments were probably follow the CIAB survey. I was in a production meeting here this week here locally and a very large account that we’re working on did go for a discount as our new piece of business to one of the big multi-line carriers. But by and large the team reports that on the smaller accounts, it’s pretty non-negotiable. There is going to be some rate increases, they get that midsized account which is really our bread and butter. That’s looking flat, again, a really great account that hasn’t been out in the market that get shopped as new business to someone else it would get cut. But when you get to the larger accounts, flattish is more what they feel like right now.
Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks for that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Richard Mortell, Piper Jaffray. Please take your question. 
Richard Mortell – Piper Jaffray: Hi, good morning. On the exposure side, can you give some breakout of what you are seeing with the clients in the U.S particularly any pockets of strength or weakness by geography?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Say it again Richard, I missed the question.
Richard Mortell – Piper Jaffray: Sure. Are you seeing any pockets of strength or weakness by geography in the U.S. on a regional basis?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And you’re talking about pockets of strength in the economy or the rate, which one?
Richard Mortell – Piper Jaffray: Economy, just generally, exposure of economy.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes let me, again, I am not economist and this is just my personal observations. But I believe the Midwest is in a better spot than the East Coast I believe that the Midwest is in a better spot in Florida and California. Having said that in the last eight weeks, I traveled pretty extensively throughout the United States and I’ve met customers that range from $150 million manufacturers, a guy locally here whose business dropped off 50% at the beginning of the recession, he’s essentially got that business back. He’s shifted customers, he’s made up – he’s come up with new products. But he feels pretty good, family business and he feels pretty good about where the business is right now. I was with a temporary health firm towards the end of this summer. This is a business that’s mostly Midwest based. They were up 30% a month over the course of the summer. We produce an account just this past week locally again that’s a conveyer manufacturer. Their chip and conveyer belts like, you can’t believe, they running three shifts. Now I realized that’s my little subset is not the deal but I also tell you I was at a key client meeting at Gallagher Bassett’s in Los Vegas two weeks ago. The place was packed, was packed. Waves of people coming down the miles I’m going to leave on Friday, I’ve thinking where are all these people getting the money to begin with. So those are the client end reactions I’ve had over the last three months many more, I could go into and they’ve been in Hughson and in Dallas and in Denver and in Chicago and New York. And I’m just saying that I think our customers are quietly more optimistic than what you read about in the news paper.
Richard Mortell – Piper Jaffray: All right. Okay thanks guys. That’s helpful. And then you talked about this a little bit before, but on the workers comp claim for (indiscernible) side, I think you were up 2% last quarter. It sounds like that’s trending up again in this quarter, but can you give an exact number for that? 
Doug Howell: At this quarter, it’s more like 5%. 
Richard Mortell – Piper Jaffray: Okay, so you’ve seen a pretty big pick up there.
Doug Howell: Yes.
Richard Mortell – Piper Jaffray: Okay. That is all I have thank you. 
Doug Howell: Thanks, Richard.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you. With the Heath in the other acquisitions you have done over the last year it’s added pretty materially to the share account and amortization. Are those deals accretive to earnings at this point and maybe Heath specifically that you’ve got sense in integration costs, but aside from that was it accretive, dilutive to EPS?
Doug Howell: Further, we didn’t use any shares in the Heath deal that was entirely a cash deal. So it’s by definition accretive. I think that when you look at the – when you add in the integration costs what breaking even on that on an EBITDA basis and we’re probably flat to losing a penny because of the amortization after that. So in terms of how we look at it, we think that it’ll be about breakeven in 2012. The first – 2012 it will break even on a after – on a pretax basis and an after tax basis, but later in 2013 it should be accretive even after the amortization.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Right. And then when you look…
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Even after amortization and integration costs.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Right, and if you look at the other acquisitions you’ve done quite a lot lately. Is it fair to say there on an aggregate basis accretive or they’re still ramping up?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, those deals are always accretive for us.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Yes. Okay.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Then actually in our third quarter we did 70% and 30% stock. So we are starting to use more cash in the deals than stock.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Yes. In the last hard market, Pat what was your experience, if rates do start to move up more rapidly, does that slow down the M&A process.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It can slow it down a bit and part of that is distraction. A hard market, if you get a solid hard market like we’ve got in 2011, it is all hands on deck. I mean, it is very difficult. First of all you’ve got eight years of recruits that have never gone and told the client they are going to see rate increases. They are not only going out and telling them they are going to see a rate increase, they are telling them that they might not have insurance, what they have is going to have holes in it and it’s going to cost to look ton more. Interestingly enough, while that happen lost business actually subsides, new business does not grow as quickly as it was because people are hunkering down, but with rate increases flowing through the P&L you get some substantial jumps in your revenue and your profitability. It’s a very much of a heavy activity. There still will be mergers and acquisitions. People will still go through that, but they also know that, as rates are running, their values are running up and so they’ll try to pick a time when it’s absolutely opportune to sell.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Right. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from the line of Ray Iardella with Macquarie Capital. Please state your question. 
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Capital: Yes. I just had a quick question I guess regarding the dividend, what – is there a particular time of the year that the Board discusses any changes to dividend policy?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: January.
Doug Howell: We do it in January.
Ray Iardella – Macquarie Capital: Okay. Great, thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Ray.
Doug Howell: Thank, Ray.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think that’s it Rob in terms of questions?
Operator: Yes, sir. That’s correct.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer: I’m going to make few comments and I’m going to close here. Again, thanks everybody for being here and thanks for the thoughtful questions, we appreciate it. I think that our platform for growth domestically and internationally has literally never being stronger. Our merger pipeline is robust and all of our divisions are back to contributing to organic growth, which I’m thrilled about. So, a good quarter and I do feel good about going into the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter we’re going to pass a milestone that we’re all very proud of. We’ll surpass $2 billion in revenues. We did our first billion in 2002, which was 75 years after my grandfather started this business. $2 billion comes nine years later. So that’s pretty exciting for us. We’re all kind of pumped up about it and we think 2012 should also shape up to be another growth year. So, thank you for being with us this morning and Rob that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 09:15:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher Jr. - President & CEO Doug Howell - Corporate VP & CFO
Analysts: Adam Klauber - William Blair Tate Anderson - Citigroup Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital Mark Hughes - SunTrust Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Alex Pitchard - Trimaran Fund Management Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee & Leach Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market Richard Mortell - Piper Jaffray Ken Billingsley - BGB Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Arthur J Gallagher & Company’s second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.:  Thank you, Rob. Good morning everybody and welcome to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. This morning, I am joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As is our custom, I am going to offer my views on the quarter, Doug will make some comments and we will get pretty quickly to questions and answers. As said in the press release, I am extremely pleased with our second quarter. The results I think were terrific and seem where I think really came through in the quarter. Brokerage adjusted revenues, up 16%, EBITDAC in the brokerage side up 13%. 2.1% organic growth, then if I added our supplemental commissions, the organic number would have been 3.1% in the Brokerage segment. Risk management adjusted revenue, up 20%. EBITDAC up 19% with 5.9%, almost 6% organic growth and if you combine our two operating segments, we produced about 3.7% organic growth in the quarter. Everywhere I look around, our enterprise, our numbers are improving. Most of our businesses across the globe contributed to the quarter. I am really proud of the work our team did this quarter and I think that these results show that the strategies we have to grow our company are working. I want to remind the listeners that all of our strategies essentially fall in the four main categories. First thing, we are out after every day’s organic growth. Secondly, mergers and acquisitions. Thirdly, we are focused on operational excellence and productivity improvement and fourthly, we want to maintain what we believe is a very unique, corporate culture. So let me touch on each of these categories briefly. Let me talk about the drivers of organic growth this quarter. Driving these results was about a 1 point to 2 point increase in new business over 201o and about a 1 to 2 point improvement in our loss business numbers over 2010. An incredibly competitive market out there and to improve new business and loss business in the face of that competition is really an achievement. Also I would comment our niche focus I think continues to pay results that clients would want to do business with those who truly understand their business. We have made good progress in the quarter, implementing our sales management software and I hope that this will help us maintain our new business momentum. Rates actually showed some flattening, the PC side in the quarter. Catastrophe exposed property, there is Florida wind, California earthquake, some of the property in the middle of the country where there were bad tornado losses this quarter are all showing signs of increases. Worker’s compensation in many of the states are also showing increases. Now mainstreet and middle market accounts still are receiving some reductions especially when there is competition, but in many instances we are finding markets are not willing to cut their prices at renewal. As I said if there is competition on good account, we are still going to see reductions and there continues to be a difference in the underwriter’s view between new business and renewals. But the whole market is no longer one of automatic cuts for the clients. Our organic growth I think shows great work by our team. We work in an incredibly competitive environment as I said and I am proud of what we have done.  Mergers and acquisitions are second category of strategic growth, for 25 years we’ve sought to attract the best firms in our industry, to our company through the acquisition process. The second quarter was a great merger and acquisition quarter. We closed 9 deals bringing a $180 million of annualized revenue to the company. Our Heath Lambert acquisition in the UK brought us 1200 new associates and a $158 million of annualized new revenue. This acquisition fits our international growth strategy extremely well, you will recall Gallagher had a modest retail presence in the UK market which is the third largest retail market in the world. The Heath team is a great fit from a business standpoint. But just as importantly, the culture of the firm fit extremely well. We are excited to have our new teammates aboard and already we are seeing that in many numbers of ways our two organizations will be stronger together that we were apart. This acquisition adds additional strength to our global operations. We are building a much strong international presence. Remember, we’ve been treating with the network of independent brokers for many years. This has presented us with opportunities to continue to buy and/or take equity positions in brokers outside the US. Recall that over the last few years, we’ve expanded into the Caribbean, Australia, Brazil, Singapore, Canada and the UK. On the risk management side, we’ve been growing outside the US since the mid-90s in Australia, the UK and Canada. The fastest growing part of our brokerage and risk management segments are international operations. Today roughly a quarter of our revenues and people are outside the US. Gallagher is building out a strong international platform, we are a global player with plans and place to continue to our global expansion. Of course you’ll continue to see us be very active in the United States, but you’ll see additional activity outside US where two-thirds of the world premiums are generated. In our risk management segment, Gallagher Bassett Services may great headway in the quarter, continuing with integration of GAB Robins. The business has been consolidated, we’ve had excellent account retention, the change in offices and personnel is virtually complete. All the GAB accounts will be converted to our risk-backed system by the end of September. All-in-all, a very successful deal. As I say every quarter, all of these merger partners had choices. I am glad they choose Gallagher. I think that’s a testament to our culture and I would like to extend a very warm welcome to all of them. The next category is operational excellence and productivity. We worked hard on expense control again this quarter and we continue to build out our service centers outside the United States. The progress I mentioned with the GAB integration also illustrates our success at operational excellence. And finally our culture, we continue to believe our unique culture based on teamwork, putting our clients first and bringing new business in the door everyday is a significant strategic advantage.  It is our culture that helps us attract new resources to our team and merger partners to our company. Our sales culture is very strong. We presently have about a 150 interns learning about this great business and we hope to recruit many of them as producers to our company. So the second quarter is in the book, I am always glad that the first half is over. We feel good about the first half of the year, but I believe we have good momentum going into the second half of year. We are on track to post more than $2 billion in revenue this year which is a key milestone for our company.  We did our first billion you will recall in 2002 on our 75th anniversary and the exciting thing to me is that if you talk to our team, I believe that everyone would tell you that we are just getting started. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Today I have five comments. My first point relates to the Heath Lambert acquisition. You heard Pat say and I certainly agree, we think this is a great deal for us as we expand internationally. So to help you incorporate Heath into your models, on page four the earnings release, we give you the standalone pro formas that we used when we struck the deal. As we integrate Heath and our other UK operations into one unit, it will be nearly impossible to track these operations on a standalone basis in the future. So we won’t be able to update that information in the future. But we hope it is helpful as you build out your models. Next some voiceovers on the two nearly offsetting items related to acquisition earnout. On one end, we booked about $4.4 million of income as we adjusted downward our estimate of the amount that we will ultimately pay for the 2009 deal with Liberty. This accounting arises because in 2009, we estimated the ultimate earnout obligation a little above the midpoint of the range, but now it looks like we’ll come in a little below the midpoint. Regardless of our estimates, this has really trained out to be a fantastic deal and it also illustrates why it was so important for us to put nearly 70% of the purchase price on an earnout. On the other hand, we booked about $5.8 million of earnout-related compensation expense related to a different deal. The 5.8 gets charged to comp expense rather than to goodwill because the sellers will in-turn pay their earnouts or a portion of their earnout to employees that came with the deal. So that gets recorded as comp expense, not goodwill. Moving to the corporate segment, my third point is an update on our clean-energy efforts. We’re making headway on getting three more operations that run our Chem-Mod technology giving them their permanent permits. Those operations are in the same state that has already issued permanent permits for some of our other operations which also used the Chem-Mod technology. So we believe it’s just a matter of time. In addition, nearly a dozen other states are granting or moving closer to granting permanent permits to other utilities to use the same Chem-Mod technology. Many of these utilities were like to get planted service prior to December 31, 2011 thereby qualifying for federal tax credits. Accordingly, in the third quarter we may consider building some additional plants. If we do, we will do it just like we did in 2009. We build the plants and then quickly sell off about 70% of the plants bringing our net cash in the plants down to a fairly modest amount. So my fourth point is some modeling help for the overall corporate segment. For the second quarter we posted results right inline with what I told you at the end of the first quarter. So looking towards the third quarter, we think you should just assume a repeat of the second quarter and now I'll get you close. As for the fourth quarter again model of repeat of the second quarter but add a penny or two of profit for our clean-energy operates under the assumption we will get permanent permits for our other three plants. Okay, my fifth and final comment relates to the financial supplement we posted on our website. Recall during the first quarter we overhauled this supplement to present both reported and adjusted numbers for the last three plus years. We believe conforming your models to follow that similar format will really help you see the true underlying comp and operating expense ratios and also other trends in seasonality of our business. So those are my five comments. In the end it’s nice to have a good quarter. Back to you Pat.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.:  Thanks Doug. Rob we are ready to open it up for questions and answers, hopefully answers.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair & Company. Please state your question.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Two or three questions, one on organic growth, what was the growth in international versus U.S. roughly?
Doug Howell: About half came from international and half came from domestic.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay. Certainly as the domestic actually did better this quarter than the last two quarters, is that right?
Doug Howell: Absolutely.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yep.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay, that’s great to see.
Doug Howell: Domestically, we are in positive territory.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yes.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: That’s great. And the key parameters that schedule – you weigh out was very helpful, Doug. What’s the timing of the profitability will it take a while for it to ramp up next year or particularly because first half is pretty big for your framework, will the margin be pretty high from the [get-to-go]?
Doug Howell: While it is skewed more in the first of the year, it won’t distort the margin that much compared to the whole year, Adam. So there is a little bit more towards the first part of the year but not, not – it won’t really move the needle that much. In terms of the profitability, we laid out the innovation cost for the next three years or two and half years and we think by ‘13, when we put these two operations together, we think both the operations together could be approaching kind of a combined brokerage operation margins in total. So we think there is further opportunity in ’14 versus these numbers here.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay. And can you give us some detail where are the cost cuts coming from?
Doug Howell: Adam, this is a deal where we are really pleased with the people. There is more opportunity. If you really look at the comp and operating margins and if you compare it to our operations, comp is pretty well inline, operating show some opportunities. So most of the synergy savings will come from reducing operating cost and will come from additional London market commission, the compensation lines will probably hold in there pretty tight.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tate Anderson of Citigroup. Please state your question.
Tate Anderson - Citigroup: Good morning. I just had a quick question around organic growth, it was positive in the quarter but was kind of offset by some margin compression. Can you just help me understand the available leverage you guys have to kind of fold margins going forward and what we saw – why we saw a compression in the quarter?
Doug Howell: First and foremost, when you look at the operating margin on three of 13 the adjusted EBITDAC margin, second quarter channel was 26%, adjusted EBITDAC margin second quarter ‘11 is 25.4. Just the margin dilution caused by the Heath deal would cause 40 basis points of that differential. So when you look at 25.4, you understand that 40 basis points of that comes from – its lower because of the Heath acquisition because of the nature of their margin, that gets you to 25.8 and there is a handful of other little small items that eroded the other 20 basis point. But overall even with the Heath dilution, year-to-date we are actually up 10 basis points in margin in the brokerage segment.
Tate Anderson - Citigroup: Okay, great. And there is a second question on the supplemental and contingents, can you just kind of help us understand the drivers of each and just where we might see some loss revenue as we are seeing some of the underwriters experienced some of operability pieces here?
Doug Howell: If you look at page 2 of 13 and there we showed, we actually, we continue to grow our supplemental. We think that the carriers are interested in doing now with us and so we are using that. On the contingent, we are starting to see some of our contingents, especially in the wholesaling business contract a little bit as loss ratios move up. Most of our wholesaling business is loss ratio driven, so you can see a pull back. We are down about a 1.8 million in the quarter, year-to-date we are down about 3 million. The lion share of our contingent commissions are behind this for the year at this point, so we might have a little pullback in the third quarter and four quarter, but nothing that meaningful that we can see right now.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: But Tate, this is Pat, there is a natural getting the anger and you are right to be thinking about this when underwriters results start to fade these numbers will begin to change.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Sarah Dewitt with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital: I want to follow up about your comments on the pricing environment. Can you talk about what your view is on the sustainability of rate improvements? Given that they are still a lot of excess capacity and particularly if we don’t have an active parking season this year?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yeah. I think we’re all recognize there is good capacity out there but I think that what you have got is the CEOs of some insurance companies that I talk to often really do understand that there’s a point in the cycle that they have got to start to hold the line. They’ve got good information systems, these are smart people, they know where they making money, where they are not making money and they are doing just exactly that trying to hold the line. Now, as I said in my comments the simple fact is if you got a good account with a good clean loss ratio record and one that is out shopping they are going to see reduction. This is not going to be as great a reduction as has been in the last few years. And I have seen this before where markets gets spotty. It’s not unusual to see line of coverage have a spike in terms of this hard market, I think you’re going to see that with catastrophe property. There is no doubt about it’s going up, large schedules that are exposed to that stuff are going to pay more money and we are seeing that right now. So its one of these places where I think the market is in kind of in a spot where underwriters do know what they have got to do. Yup, there is an excess amount of capital. It’s going to chase premium that does put pressure on rates to go down and we are seeing that, But I would say that the rate of rate decrease has slowed considerably from what it was just a year ago.
Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. That’s helpful. And then can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of the acquisition pipeline and how big do you think you plan to get in international.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.:  I mean right now the international operations are one of our fastest growing and I think in the beginning we are seeing opportunities that we didn’t before we built the platform. So being part of the Heath thing is so exciting. The more we get more team mates to joins us it is going to be a great franchise but it will allow us in the U.K. to exactly do in what we did in 25 years in United States. We are already seeing teams of people and operations in the U.K. and they are talking to us and are planning to come aboard. So bolt on acquisitions in U.K. can now become a better strategy in the retail side with the Heath platform. Two third of the premiums in the world is outside the United States and we have been trading in that community for literally 40 to 50 years and know a ton of people out there. And just like in the United States many of these organization’s brokers outside the US are run by baby boomers and overtime families and individuals will seek to take some equity and some money off the table. They also are seeing a growing brand in Gallagher, Gallagher is a recognized international player. So I think they will see us grow. Now, can international outstrip the US. You asked about the merger acquisition pipeline. It’s absolutely stronger than it’s ever been. We have hundreds of organizations that we are talking to. The merger and acquisition process is very much of a long-term sale cycle. We talked to people for years and they get warm to the idea and they come aboard. It is not like we open up a discussion in September and close the deal on October and that doesn’t happen very often. But when you look at the broker’s world there is 30000 plus agents and brokers that we’ve identified actually, [Hales] and Associates have identified in United States alone. And most of these are run and owned as I said by baby boomers and the opportunity for us on the acquisition front it’s just never been greater. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please state your question.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. On the risk management business very good organic growth, sustainable. Is that were there some specific upticks in business or contract wins that you’re going to get a first read at some point here to make that a little tougher.
Doug Howell: Mark, I think that if you look at the bottom of page 3 of 13, we intentionally break out adjusting fees related to international disasters and that relates to, mostly to the New Zealand earthquake situation. We believe that’s going to be around for ’11 and ’12. I think it will be pretty well done by the end of 2012. That’s why we’ve broken out last quarter and that’s what we’re going to do it going forward here. So that number is a great organic growth but I think it will be something the team has to grow over by the time they get to ‘13.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: We’ll worry about that then. On the claims frequent…?
Doug Howell: We’re worried about that now.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Yeah, I understand. And then finally the claims frequency in the risk management, the underlying workers comp claims frequency and I’m thinking here in the US, any comments there?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: We’ve seen about 2% increase in our claim activity through the second quarter, which relates interesting enough directly I believe to the economy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Let me follow up on that last question if I can. Are starting to see companies retain more were getting -- how these some about where compensation rates are starting to turn upward a bit, affecting [inaudible] yet?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Not that we’ve seen yet. When rates go up in workers compensation, it will over time push more people into the alternative market and we will benefit from that, but there's no rush to the alternative market right now.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. With regard to contingence, you had fairly recently got back into the contingency, are there any contracts that have to be, or this, I am sorry let me ask this differently, is there any opportunity for new contingence that don't exist this year to be paid next year.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: No.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, so you are at full run rate.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yup.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: And lastly talk a little bit about whether we are seeing any signs, really signs whatever of specialty risks moving back from specialty markets.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I would say no to that, I would say that the market is still soft to the extent our wholesalers are doing a good job on what would typically be an ENS business, there's still probably some drag back to the standard markets from ENS, but its slowed.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And I can do one more, can you talk a little bit about incentive competition in the brokerage business being down. Is there any such competition in the second half of 2010 that we should adjust for.
Doug Howell: No, here's a thing, when you really stack it up and when you look at our incentive compensations down a couple of million bucks compared to the same quarter last year on approaching a half a billion dollars of payroll as it rolls up, there's nothing unique in that. I don't see it as being something that's going to be different in the second half of last year. If I look at it in the second quarter of last year, we did pretty well, so incentive compensation was up a little bit more relative to this quarter but its not been unusual in that, it just happens by the time you add it up to be a couple of million bucks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is comes from the line of Alex Pitchard of Trimaran Fund Management. Please state your question.
Alex Pitchard - Trimaran Fund Management: Just first a financial question. I wanted to understand the trends in business insurance expenses. I noticed they were a bit of a headwind in the brokerage business, a bit of tailwind in the Gallagher Bassett business?
Doug Howell: Yeah, you know the quarter, we did block a couple of million dollars related to resolving, it is not a disagreement, a difference of opinion between us the client and our markets.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: You know, I think the thing there is, every once in while, you are stuck in a spot where you just better step up and do the right thing for the client.
Alex Pitchard - Trimaran Fund Management: Okay. So, some of that sort of a one off in the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: It was.
Alex Pitchard - Trimaran Fund Management: And then secondly, I just wanted to get some detail around the organic growth trends you are seeing in the brokerage business. Specifically, what you are seeing in domestic PNC retail versus wholesale versus employee benefits.
Doug Howell: I think what you have to look at is the trend, all of them are improving. I think that you would add at that and so as a result, what I am particularly pleased at if you just look at our broad-based retail PNC brokers that have been fighting eight years of soft market and three years or almost four years now of economic downturn. You are really seeing that starting to march forward and Pat said, they were doing a little bit better, our new business, we are doing a little bit better on loss business. Rate isn’t hurting us quite as much, it is still negative overall across the US retail platform. But it is just nice, steady improvement that’s reversing trend that we saw going negative really from starting about 2004. So, I think it’s just improving trends across all fronts.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: And we are not seeing a large number of full-time employee growth in any of our businesses out there. I would say that we are seeing more stabilization in our clients businesses. And as I’ve said all along, we are a lagging indicator, we are going to get healthy when our clients get healthy and they are stabilizing.
Alex Pitchard - Trimaran Fund Management:  I just want to go back to business insurance questions. Can you quantify how much was sort of a one-off in the quarter?
Doug Howell: I think that and compared quarter-over-quarter last year, you need to think about $2 million.
Alex Pitchard - Trimaran Fund Management: Yes, thank you.
Doug Howell: Remember, anytime you have these types of things, you got to give them result and they hit at different times and we are going to have these things from time to time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Farrell of Sterne, Agee & Leach. Please state your question.
Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Just a question on the clean-energy ventures, you mentioned potentially making some additional investments in new plants, can you comment on what potential cash flows in those additional plants could be if, if you decide to make those investments, are they going to do the small ones that is three to four ones in place that are small, some others that are coming on the larger. Just trying to get a sense of what the potential benefits could be?
Doug Howell: I am not at all prepared to discuss what the benefits could be at all because I don’t have any idea about the demand for the plant, but we are talking between one and ten type plant. This isn’t like 50 or a 100 new plant and for us to build a plant regardless of whether they are going to build in big location or a small location, for us to go through that first phase before the utilities and the monetizers take down, it cost a $1 million to a $1.2 million a plant something like that. So we are not talking about huge amounts of cash going out and frankly I don’t know but I can just, there just has been a change in the last 60 days, that is saying that there is substantial demand for our Chem-Mod technology and if we have to build some plants to get them up in running, they can use Chem-Mods and then we will look at that.
Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Then, and then just a numbers question on free cash at the end of the quarter, it was a bit higher than I would have thought given the amount of acquisition activity that you had. Can you comment on any seasonality that might have been coming through or is what we are always looking at normal cash flow and then also within that 263, how much of that is cash that you could use today for acquisitions if you wanted to?
Doug Howell: Spread around the world, we think there’s probably $75 million of free cash in our balance sheet right now that could be used for acquisition. That number is probably going to grow a little bit as we grow internationally, but I don’t want to bring the money back to the US and pay the additional tax they’ve garnered here. We will probably let it sit there. So if we can deals in those jurisdictions where we have the free cash, then we will. Otherwise that we may have some growing in our free cash, you know our free cash balances around the world. But those opportunities will arise, we have some free cash flow in the UK and we obviously use that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brian Durupio with [Field] Capital Management. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Doug following up on that last question regarding where your cash is, thinking about your international expansion, what happens to your segment tax rates going forward? Could we expect them to trend down?
Doug Howell: Well, I think that like in the UK the tax rate is 27 going to 26% for there, but we got bad tax over there and you got other things. And the bad tax doesn’t hit the tax rate line, it goes through more the operating expense line, but you still pay tax there, so it’s not like it’s any cheaper. Yeah, you could have our tax rates moving a little bit lower in the brokerage segment as we, as we increase our international expansion, Heath will bring it down a little bit, but we are still primarily a domestic company.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And Pat for you and looking at the number of acquisitions that you have done and obviously the dollar amount to and all the employees that you have taken on, what’s your bandwidth to do sort of similar amount of acquisitions that you did the last year’s second half and this year’s second half, does that happen to actually slow down a little bit? 
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: It’s a great question, let me answer that in a little bit length way but if you go back a number of years and you look at our acquisition activity, it was primarily driven by our P/C retail operation here in United States and that was one team of people, they were out talking to folks all the time and trying to bring about acquisitions. If you step back now and look at where we are today, we have our P/C retail operation in Unites States with that acquisition team doing very good work, we’ve got a wholesale MGA business in United States which is doing acquisitions and has got a separate team and doing great work. We have our employee benefits consulting operation that we have built out with acquisitions over the years and they have a very good pipeline and a very good team of people doing acquisitions. Now for the first time starting last year Gallagher Bassett, our risk management segment has proved that there are opportunities out there to bring others aboard and to consolidate them and have them work well. And our international activity is far more robust. So if you really look back a decade we have expanded our bandwidth by a factor of five times and each of those teams are out constantly looking for the right private firms to join the company and I can’t give you an idea of the number we are going to do or when we are going to close them, because it really is a long cycle sales process. I can tell you that the activity we have in that area is great and if you take the Heath deal out Brian, I think you see that we’re kind of inline with what we have been doing in the past, then you would have eight deals and it wouldn’t be 200 million, it would be 158 million less, and now I think that opportunities like Heath will come our way. Remember Heath represents about 8% of our overall corporate revenues now. It’s not a huge deal once you take a look at how the size of Gallagher today versus what we were just a few short years ago. So I think the bandwidth has increased. The opportunities have also increased; I’ve been saying over and over for years that the baby boomers are going to have to do something and we’re seeing a lot of more activity in that regard in particular here in the U.S. We are seeing people that are you know 59, 60, 62 get new appoint where they’ve got to realize their investment in their life’s work. So I am very excited about what we said, as I said before you know you’ve got 36 or 30,000 plus of these in U.S. thousands more outside the U.S. and essentially there is five strategic players that the public players competing for, we don’t have pipelines that are incredibly robust.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And I may have missed it in the press release, so I apologize if I did, but did you guys use more cash in the M&A activity this quarter than you used to have?
Doug Howell: Yeah, Brian, I mean the entire Heath deal was done 100% of the cash.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Is that something you see doing more of? I know you have a traditional mix, but with great flow?
Doug Howell: We’re okay. We tried to target 25% cash, 75% stock reserve. If our cash flow is there we will bring that number down closer to 50-50.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And then a final question and this is sort of older-term but, Doug, what’s the end game with Chem-Mod?
Doug Howell: Chem-Mod is a tremendous product. We think that it’s got great opportunity, strategy right now is to penetrate those utilities that are using section or they want to build plants by the end of the year using Section 45 and then we’ll have our plants in place to demonstrate mercury emission control. The Mercury Emission Control Law will go into effect, that’s currently drafted in 2014. So we think it produces opportunity, but we will have to sit down and do a strategic alternatives review of what Chem-Mod, what we really want to do with Chem-Mod here after the first year. But our surge right now is to deliver Chem-Mod technology to as many utilities that can put the plants in place by the end of this year and then next spring we will do a strategic alternatives review on it.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please state your question.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: On the risk management segment if we could dig a little deeper, I heard your commentary and your EBITDA numbers are very impressive yet the GAAP earnings are still way below where they were two to three years ago, when do the GAAP earnings sort of catch up to your enthusiasm?
Doug Howell: As soon as we can get them there Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right. So what's – it does sound like, am I right that you were more off beat about that segment than you've been in your commentary?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yeah, I think that's fair Bob, I will tell you why. I mean when you, the headwinds that GB has brought over the last few years are related in large part to claim counts and claims are rising. As our clients businesses begin to falter and you had the recession when you go from three shifts to two shifts, you know you never like to see people get hurt, but there will be fewer claims to manage and that we went through that at a time when the recession was very difficult. We had also had a couple of situations in previous years, we had some very nice bumps, some very nice wins that had a big impact. But I think what you've got now in both businesses is a pretty good stabilization of the client base. Interesting developments in that space too by the way make me more bullish. I mean, if you take a look at the number of competitors there were just a year ago, and now the consolidation that’s occurring. There is far fewer competitors that can actually take on a large self-insured account and adjust claims for them across the United States. There is even fewer if you want to add the U.K., Australia and Canada to that mix. And, GB is growing to a size now. Well there are many markets out there that we do more claim work than they do. And so the expertise there, the ability to customize for the clients, the expected competition is consolidating. It’s just I think a long-term, a very positive view. It’s a business we said we liked for many, many years.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, softer question if I might. You talked about culture being you know, important in a real age and clearly someone who followed the company for a long time, I appreciate the asset that you have there, but can you talk about international expansion. I mean, years ago, I think I remember you saying you are only looking in places to speak English and I understand the distinction on your reinsurance sort of mixed up where it was scaled more than culture that got you off track in that, but the state street go with other languages better now or how does the Chicago culture go internationally, broadly are we still talking English only or be more.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: No, I think we changed that this year. Bob again we are very cautious in our acquisition activity, everywhere in the world. Outside the United States, we typically want to trade with somebody for an extensive period of time. Many of these are family businesses. They want to know the Gallaghers. They want to know where we are all about. They trade with us and a number of the instances the acquisitions we have done had actually secured a good trading book in the London market. We are very happy to take a smaller equity piece where everybody gets comfortable with each other and with the exception of Heath, most of our acquisitions outside the U.K. and the United States have been relatively small. So, you will remember that we did an acquisition in Australia of SBA, out of Perth. We took a 35% or 40% equity position. We all agreed that we would go, we worked together for three or four years to see how that was working and decide if we wanted to go to a 100%. We liked those folks and they worked with us so well, we went to a 100% much quicker than that. Great opportunity there for some young people to take over the operation, we have broaden that firm now into Sydney and again we will be looking at more bolt-on acquisitions in Australia. We opened with a very small shop. They were pleased with in Brazil. As you know we took a small position also in Singapore. So, I would say that we are willing to venture beyond English speaking countries but we are also always cautious and want to know the people we are trading with.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: What are that English speaking countries that you are not in are the most attractive?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Central and South America.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: But broader Asia is in emphasis?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Not right now.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Heleniak, RBC Capital market. Please state your question.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Not to beat the international [pothole] too much but, you guys mentioned the 25% of the mix by the end of the year being international. Where do you see that headed, three to five years and now obviously you’ve come a long way, some of your peers are more like right around 50%. Could you see getting that high or where you see that?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I think it, we would be glad if it was about a third of our business. Right now it’s a 25% but our acquisition activity in the United States is ramped up very nicely. I don’t think international will outstrip that.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then also in M&A we noticed that just overall not really to you guys but overall M&A activity in the brokerage space dropped off in June and July. So, based on your comments its sounds like, do you think that's temporary and do you think there is any change in seller's appetites just because of -- obviously we are seeing better pricing domestically over the past two or three months. Is there any change in seller's mentality because of more favorable trends. People waiting a little bit to see what happens?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: No, we don’t.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then finally on Heath Lambert, can you give what percent of the business there is be new business? I don't have that.
Doug Howell: I don't have it right here in front of me. But let me see if I can find it, go to another question and maybe we can come back to it while I'm looking for it. ¬
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Just broadly speaking on Heath Lambert, I wonder if you can touch on the -- just on the reception that you have had from clients and retention of accounts, any kind of disruption, everything as planned?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Scott, there, I'm really, really proud of the work our people did in terms of the early start to integration. And we are, I mean the reception is beyond what we expected. First of all, you’ve got a company that was a large publicly traded company just a decade ago that has gone through an awful lot of change in that decade to becoming a private company, exiting most of their wholesale work, becoming very focused on the U.K. retail. Maintaining a very good brand in the market during that whole period of time and yet being in a position where couldn't do acquisitions, didn't have the cash flow for that, didn't have a lot of money to invest in almost anything and the management team I think did a good job of building that company, actually I should say shrinking that company to a point where it was successful. So I think the hearts and minds of the Heath people really are embracing the Gallagher culture, the fact that sales and marketing organization this may not play well with the investment community but you know they like the fact that they are working for a broker that’s run by brokers and I think what we’re seeing are tremendous number of teams that are sticking their toe in the water to see that Gallagher would be interested in having them join as a bolt-on acquisition or a team coming over. Clients have been, again I have been very, very – have felt very good about the way the clients react. I can tell you from doing acquisitions all these years, clients will react inline with the tone of the merged organization’s leadership. We have never done an acquisition and had full scale revolt by clients saying we don’t like that. If their current executive teams are happy and feel that it gives them more opportunity to serve the client, the clients are generally very positive embracing and we are seeing that in England as well.
Doug Howell: The 35% of it is fee.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Richard Mortell, Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Richard Mortell - Piper Jaffray: Can you talk about the risk management segment and it looks like you are running into a 15% margin. How significant is the reinvestment there in terms of the margin. Is that 2% to 3%?
Doug Howell:  I don’t know if I fully I understand what you meant by the reinvestment but let me see if I can answer the question. We tried to target that business to run 15 points of EBIDTA and whatever they need to reinvest in the business they do within the 15 points; its not a real heavy CapEx business for us its -- so there isn’t a lot of reinvestment if that’s what you’re talking about.
Richard Mortell - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, I was just referring to systems and may be office build out so…
Doug Howell: You know really it’s typically we spend basically what we depreciated.
Richard Mortell - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then the fees from the natural disasters, it looks like it was up a little bit from last quarter, how volatile that can be over the next quarter and for the quarter that plays out?
Doug Howell: Well it’s pretty steady, probably for the next four quarters, and I think you’ll start seeing a ramping down in the quarters five to eight following.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Billingsley with BGB Securities. Please state your questions.
Ken Billingsley - BGB Securities: Just wanted to just ask you a couple of questions, one on the corporate side. The two operations that you currently own 90% of – I know you said that there’s more operating side for those two, so what’s the cost or what’s the I guess the annual cost of owning that if there’s no actual physical locations for it?
Doug Howell: Our CapEx, in that we spent 1.9 million on those two machines so that’s offsetting on that, in the warehouse and there’s nothing new to carry the cost until we get in the place.
Ken Billingsley - BGB Securities: Got it. So – but it’s 1.9 for both machines?
Doug Howell: Yeah.
Ken Billingsley - BGB Securities: Okay. And another question I had on the letter of credit or line of credit, you are down about 35 million, was that just on Heath Lambert?
Doug Howell: It’s more – our first quarter as you know is our seasonally lowest quarter and going in to the line has something to do with doing the Heath Lambert deal and it’s also just our first quarter is in the lowest cash quarter we have; I expect it to be out of that here hopefully by the end of even this month.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: This is I think a big picture question that is like difficult to answer but if we start to see rates go up by 1% is there a rule of thumb in terms of how much on the basis points will fall to Gallagher's bottom line?
Doug Howell: Remember if we have organic growth of negative one to positive two, holding margins would be good work for the franchises in light of inflationary pressures and new opportunities to do things. So, if you get one point of rate positive rate, we see rates still being down three percent. We will see what the CIB comes out with here later this week but overall, if you get an incremental four percent that, if you assume that all translates to the bottom line and you take our three points of organic right now and add four more to it and you get seven percent of organic growth. You can get a good piece of that falling to the bottom line. Remember, we pay approximately 25% to a third of our revenues to our producers.  There are additional back office costs that do come along with increased volumes but if it's just rate and it doesn't produce a lot of additional work, it can be pretty high geared revenue that comes to us. Okay, great. Thank you..
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our last question is coming from the line of Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson as a follow-up . Please state your question.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you very much. Any commentary on the employee business, organic growth, trends there and any thoughts about the impact of health care reform on that business going forward?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: We've said all along that we were not in favor of that law. We still believe that the laws is a nightmare for commercial America but we were not in favor of that law. We still believe that the law is a nightmare for commercial America. But we are the beneficiary of the difficulty in understanding the law. What we are seeing is tremendous amount of questions from our clients relative to what the impact of this law is going to be. And these are complicated calculations and they are very complicated answers over many years and as you know, the regs themselves are not written yet but many of stuff in the law are already changing. So, you see McDonalds and others come up and want their many benefits plans to be approved even though in the original law they weren’t. So the point is it’s a moving target. Organic growth in our benefits operation is exceeding our property casually and also operations United States I believe a large part of that is driven by the fact that clients now recognize they need a stronger and bigger player to help them navigate through the labyrinth of that law. So, we are picking up new business there. We are just seeing a stronger organic growth there and I think it is driven by that law.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Gallagher, I would like to turn the call back to you for closing comments.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.:  Yeah, thank you, Rob. Again, everybody thanks for being with us on the call today. We appreciate it. Six months in, I am pretty happy with where we stand. Our adjusted Brokerage revenue is up 13%, EBITDA in the Brokerage side is up 14%. Risk management, adjusted revenue up 19, adjusted EBITDA up 14%. First six months, we’ve done 13 acquisitions, brought in over $200 million of annualized total revenue. Organic growth in the quarter I think, speaks volume for the sales culture. I feel good going into the second half of the year. Our board as you know, reaffirmed our $0.33 quarterly dividend last week. And I believe 2011 is just shaping up to be an outstanding year. Thanks for being with us this morning.
Operator:  This does concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Gallagher Jr – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell – Corporate Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray Keith Walsh – Citi Jack Sherck – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets Alex Pitchard [ph] – Trimaran Fund Management Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Durupio – Field Capital Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Arthur J Gallagher & Company’s fourth quarter and year-end 2009 conference call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be open for questions following the presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws such as any guidance regarding future results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed here today. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you Mr J Patrick Gallagher Jr, Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J Gallagher & Company. Mr Gallagher, you may begin.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thank you, Rob. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. Thank you for being with us this morning, we appreciate it. I am joined this morning by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the heads of our operating businesses. I will add some color to the quarter, give you kind of my perspective, Doug will add some thoughts and we will move to questions and answers. But first, I want to publicly welcome Scott Hudson to our team. I think all of you know that Scott became the President of Gallagher Bassett this month and we are glad he is aboard. We are looking forward to working together for a number of years ahead. Given the economic environment in 2009, I have to tell you I feel we had an excellent year. We grew EBITDA over $60 million or 17%. In fact, if we had a better economy I would be happy with 17% EBITDA growth. Coming into 2009, we knew we had incredibly strong headwinds. Premiums were dropping, our clients’ businesses were being stressed but we did the things we needed to do to thrive in the toughest environment I think I have seen in my career. So what did we do? If you look at page 2 of our press release, you will see we reduced our workforce, which was tough, but we did it, and at the same time we maintained our unique culture. We substantially cut operating cost by realizing the benefits of a lot of hard previous expense control work. We completed our largest acquisition ever. We brought in 250 new people all at the same time and we integrated them into our team. We successfully negotiated with our Attorney General in Illinois to get our contingents back and we continued to hire production talent and to sell a lot of insurance. We never forget that we are a sales and marketing company and I am proud of the fact that we never took our eye off that ball. We all know at Gallagher that nothing happens until somebody sells something. Once again, our team found a way to grow. For the quarter, Brokerage, Risk Management revenues were up 4% and EBITDA was up 14%. For the full year, Brokerage and Risk Management revenues were up 5% and EBITDA was up 17%. I am also very proud that at the start of 2009, we told our investors that we would cut our expenses and successfully bring on our 2008 acquisitions and that those two things would contribute approximately $50 million to $60 million of EBITDA growth in the Brokerage and Risk Management segments and we achieved those objectives. Let me touch on some of the specific businesses. Our property casualty brokerage business continues to face strong headwinds. Premiums continued to decrease and the economy will continue to hurt us in 2010. You have to remember we are lagging indicator of economic activity, when our clients start to get healthy, it is going to take at least a full year of growth to really benefit us. As for our hard market, I know many of you have seen the results that have been announced just this quarter by some of our trading partners. I think we are still a long way off from a hard market. Underwriters are continuing to post very good results so there is very little pain on the underwriting side; we think premiums will continue to slide. So our focus for 2010 will be to maintain expense control and drive the topline. Our efforts to drive growth will include focused effort on cross-selling. Our PC and benefits team are very focused on this in 2010. We are also targeting opportunities to utilize our wholesale talent when we need to be in the excess and surplus market. We are putting salesforce.com into our retail brokerage shops, which we hope will help our producers sell more clients. And we are working very closely with our carrier partners to be certain that our remuneration is commensurate with our efforts to grow both of our businesses. Our fourth quarter organic revenue improvement over the third quarter was the result of some outstanding new business wins in the quarter. Going forward, our wholesale and MGA operations will continue to be impacted by the soft rates. Primary care’s writing excess and surplus risks and the lack of new start-up businesses hurts these units. This is our most rate sensitive business. Our benefits brokerage business suffers when our clients reduce employee count. Again, as the economy recovers, it is going to take some time to see improvement in those numbers. Gallagher Bassett, our Risk Management segment went though a tough environment in 2009 too. Revenue was down with diligent expense management allowed us to post 17% EBITDA growth. Claim counts were down in 2009 by 8.2%. Again as companies lay off workers, there are just fewer claims to manage. We believe 2010 will be another very tough year. Our international businesses did very well in 2009. On the Brokerage side, we did well in Canada, London and in Australia. Our London office continues to be one of the fastest growing large brokers. 2009 was a great year for London. On the Risk Management side, we did well in the UK and Australia. We are working hard to make 2010 another good growth year for us internationally. But keep in mind, less than 15% of our revenue and 15% of our people are actually outside the United States. So we are very concentrated in the US. US economy will recover, we always have. As the economy gets healthier, I am convinced we will see a return to positive organic growth. In the meantime, our mergers and acquisitions activity will help us keep growing our topline. So, let me touch on them, the M&A efforts. As I mentioned, Liberty/Wausau was the biggest deal we have ever done. I am very proud of our team in how we did that deal. We did just short of $100 million of mergers in 2009, the lion’s share of that being Liberty. These people are onboard, they are validating and we expect them to contribute again in 2010. Other than Liberty, our acquisitions slowed in 2009, multiples were down, our prospective businesses were suffering, and we in turn were very, very cautious. Nonetheless, our pipeline is strong. We have many firms we are talking to and we expect activity to ramp up as the year progresses in 2010. Let me finish by once more just saying how proud I am of the team at AJG. We have been tested over the last few years. Class action suits going transparent with all of our clients, losing and then regaining contingents, suffering through the worst recession since World War II and yet the focus and commitment to growth is incredibly strong. The focus and commitment to our culture and our people are strong, the commitment to expense control is paying off, and I believe we just have an outstanding team that performed very well in 2009, and I am proud to be part of it. Doug?
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. You heard Pat’s recap on 2009, which was an excellent year and some thoughts on the environment that we are operating in right now. So rather than reiterating that, I am going to give you some information to help you build your model. First, I will help you level set 2009 and second I will give you some flavor on 2010. Alright, let’s levelize the 2009 noise [ph]. This is an important exercise because it will also help you see the underlying quarterly seasonality in our numbers. First, let us go to page 6 of the earnings release and find the Brokerage segment investment income and other line. Recall that that line contains non-recurring gains from selling books of business. There are $11.6 million of gains in 2009, so when you remove that noise, it will leave investment income of about $1 million per quarter. Next go to page 3 of the earnings release, you will see in the Brokerage revenue reconciliation a line item called supplemental commission timing. We picked up $5.9 million of revenue in the fourth quarter 2009, that is a pretax number, that we would have normally received in the first quarter of 2010. So you probably should adjust that up for that item in your first quarter 2010 model because we got it early. Also on page 3 in the Brokerage EBITDA reconciliation, you will see that we had workforce reduction related charges in the compensation line totaling $5.5 million for the year of which $4 million came in the fourth quarter. We previously announced that charge will be taken in the third quarter earnings release. The remainder of the severance cost was split between the second and third quarters. While it is more of a net, you can do the same for the lease related charges in the operating expense line. For the year, we had $1.4 million of charges of which $900,000 came in the fourth quarter. So when you get down to removing the noise from the 2009 numbers, here is the punch line, you will see that our Brokerage segment’s EBITDA in the first and fourth quarter are historically much smaller than our second and third quarters. As for our Risk Management segment, it is not nearly as seasonal. The only really significant item was the $6.9 million of workforce and lease termination related charges that we announced in our third quarter and nearly all of that came this fourth quarter. Now let me give you some flavor heading into 2010. First, we expect about $20 million to $25 million of additional roll-over revenues in 2010 from our 2009 Brokerage M&A activity. Looking out into the mid part of 2010, (inaudible) say that we will probably ramp up our activity somewhat but we will still be using a combination of cash and stock. Second, organic revenues are still the big unknown. Here at Bassett, our Brokerage results are highly dependent on insurance pricing and the state of the global economy, and we believe that both will still have some strong headwinds here in 2010. While we are cautiously pleased with our fourth quarter organic numbers given this environment, we are not counting on that to be the new norm in 2010. For Risk Management, because that business is highly dependent on economic activity, we believe organic to be flat to slightly down in 2010 if the economy firms. Third, with respect to Brokerage contingents and supplemental commissions, we had a great year in 2009 and are hoping to repeat that again here in 2010. As a side note recall that we regained our ability to accept contingent commission that might ultimately add another $10 million of contingent revenue but do not forget that we will not see that revenue until 2011 because of the lag effect. Fourth, as for investment income, you all know that there is no yield out there, so we are not counting on much more than $3 million to $4 million again in 2010 for the year. Moving down to the compensation lines, you can see on page 2 of the earnings release, we believe our most recent workforce reduction actions might contribute about $34 million of savings here in 2010 but $12 million to $14 million will be lost to benefit inflation, wage increases, and incentive and performance compensation. Of the net $20 million of savings, about 55% of that should be seen in the Brokerage segment and 45% in the Risk Management segment. Sixth, you will see our 2009 operating ratios was 17% in the Brokerage segment and 24% in the Risk Management segment. We are seeing some inflation in increased needs out there so going into 2010; it will take a lot of hard work to just hold the current operating ratios. We are working on our occupancy cost but any savings will probably not be seen until 2011. Seven, depreciation and amortization in 2010 will be about consistent with 2009 and our tax rate for the Brokerage and Risk Management segments should be in the range of 39% to 41%. Moving into the Financial Services and Corporate segment, in 2010 we estimate that this segment will report interest expense on our debt of about $8.8 [ph] million per quarter, corporate related operating expenses of about $1 million per quarter, minimal operating expenses related to our remaining Financial Services assets, and now that section will also report all of the income and expense and tax credits related to our clean energy facilities. With respect to those clean energy facilities, the Gallagher team and our partners did a fantastic job of completing them on time and under budget here in December. We are currently operating under temporary regulatory permit and that will take us six months to work out all the operating things [ph]. Ultimately we believe they will produce about $40 million of after tax earnings but at this time I cannot predict how much they will actually contribute here in 2010. Okay, that is a lot of information but I hope this helps you build your models and helps you understand what business issues are driving the numbers. It was a great ride here in 2009 and we are looking forward to getting after it again here in 2010. Back to you Pat.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thank you Doug. Rob, we are ready to go to questions and hopefully some answers.
Operator: Thank you. The call is now open for questions. (Operator instructions) Our first question is coming from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Good morning gentlemen. I was wondering if you could on the Chem-Mod in the third quarter press release you highlighted some regulatory hurdles and IRS hurdles that were necessary, I did not see any reference to those in the fourth quarter. So can we infer that all systems go from a regulatory perspective?
Doug Howell: Two things Bob, by the way, welcome back.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Good morning and welcome back.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Thank you.
Doug Howell: First and foremost, the IRS guidance did come out in the fourth quarter and we believe that the guidance is not negative to our position, so we feel good about that. Also with respect to regulatory permit, we operate under a temporary emissions regulatory permit until we prove over the next six months that the plants are doing what it says they are going to do. This is a regulatory item, not an IRS item. We believe that based on what we have seen so far, we should have no problems getting those permits, but it is a process that will take us six months.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Okay. Are the operating expenses in the six months that will flow through the P&L?
Doug Howell: No the income, expense and tax credits during these six months – because we can operate under the temporary permits.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Okay is that sort of breakeven or loss or profit run rate before it gets broken up?
Doug Howell: I think we will make money here over the next six months, I just do not know how much. If they run them for the next six months, if it was exactly running for the next six months, we would make half of the $40 million but they are going to turn the plants on, they will turn them off, they will operate depending on the difference between coal prices and natural gas prices because they could just place the coal in the burners with natural gas. So I just do not know where we will be in the next six months.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: And Q4, was it a loss?
Doug Howell: We probably had about $2 million to $3 million of cost that went through the corporate segment related to getting these things up and running.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Okay, second question, is it too early to indicate whether new management has a change in strategy for Risk Management segment?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: No, it is not too early, Bob this is Pat, and we are seeing no change in strategy at the present time. That is one of the nice things I think for Scott coming aboard is he really has a good six months to get very knowledgeable with our clients and what it is that the value proposition will bring to them and at that point, I think, there will be a chance to talk strategy.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: We would love to hear from him.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: We will give him a little more than a week Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Sounds good.
Doug Howell: Also to just add on that Bob, if you really look at it, we have been trying to run that business at 15 points of EBITDA margin and this year they posted 14.9. So I think the team did a good job this year of getting the margins up 2.1 points for the year? So I think the franchise is in pretty good shape.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Thank you.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Grasher with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question sir.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Thank you, good morning everyone. First of all, congratulations on 2009, it was a very trying year and you did quite well. Second comment would be just a question around extrapolating on the change in organic growth in the quarter Pat; you alluded to it in terms of the wins which drove the improvement. Could you give a little bit more background on that?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Yes, first of all, there is no timing in that; there were no accounts that moved around. Our pipeline was good and really it was virtually across the globe. Our London teams did extremely well especially in the energy business; our West Coast had some very nice wins especially in entertainment. Our Mid West region had some very strong wins in the (inaudible) and there was not one single account that really bolstered us. We just I think did a good job of holding on to – our loss business numbers were better in the quarter than in the third quarter and the team just performed well.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Okay, I guess how much – can you site three or four that maybe had the biggest impact on all those or on the change or is truly just a dozen or so transactions?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: It is more than a dozen Michael, it is literally, probably 50, 60 accounts but there were some energy wins, there was a very entertainment win on the West Coast and in New York and there was just good solid middle market production.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Keith Walsh from Citi. Please go ahead with your question sir.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Good morning everybody.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Good morning Keith.
Keith Walsh – Citi: I guess first question for Pat and/or Doug, again about the revenues, are we looking here just focusing on new business, I mean excluding new business, I apologize, is the economy having an impact here, are we seeing better or decelerating revenue decline let us say from your existing book excluding the new business that you put on, and then maybe if you could talk more broadly about the interplay on revenues between the economy in general and pricing, and which one you view as more important shorter term and longer term, and then I have a couple of follow-ups, thanks.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: That is fine, let me try a shot at that and then I will ask Doug to pipe in as well. If you saw the CIAB numbers in terms of fourth quarter reduction rate, their numbers across all categories we were off about 6%. So that is a major headwind right there. Anecdotally, because I am not an economist and I know that the economy supposedly grew in the fourth quarter over 5%, I will just tell you we are not seeing that. In particular, our construction book has been hammered, not the infrastructure guys but if you had a homebuilder, they are not building any homes. And all the trades are way, way up. People that were doing 15 million, 16 million, 17 million are doing 5s, 3s and 2s and we do not see that recovering right now. Hopefully we will but we do not see it and our employee counts at our benefits businesses are not recovering just yet. Now, there is a lot of predictions that maybe during the year people will have to start adding headcount again but I think that what you have got is two headwinds that continue this year that we think are going to continue to be strong at least for the first half. I think the economy is going to continue to hammer us, it hammered us in 2009 and as I said during my comments, you are seeing the results that are being posted by our underwriting partners, they are having fantastic results and that is adding to surplus which is going to continue to put pressure on the rates. So I think 2010 portends to be a very difficult year. We do not have the expense levers that we had going into 2009 to pull. So we are really telling our team, we have got to redouble our efforts, you have got to make the call on Friday afternoon, you got to be out there on the street, this is about selling right now. We have got to really ramp up our sales efforts and that is the message from the management team through the whole organization.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Okay and then Doug, just to kind of peg you back on that, maybe just the interplay between the economy and pricing over a longer period of time, which one is actually a bigger lever for you guys, and how do you look at that?
Doug Howell: I think that pricing is the bigger lever for us. I think that exposure units, they are coming down of course but when you have got carriers still cutting prices 6%, it is tough for us to work over the top of that.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: I disagree with Doug on that Risk Management segment. When your claims counts come down 8.2% that is a tough headwind.
Doug Howell: Yes, my comments were (inaudible).
Patrick Gallagher Jr: And when the economy recovers, we typically, in historical terms, would have anywhere from 2% to 5% organic claim count growth and that is a very good tail wind. So it is going to take a while till we see that recover.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Okay, very helpful. Then on Liberty, Doug, you know you talked roughly – you revised upwards several times last year what the contribution to EBITDA in 2009 would be, maybe if you could just update what the actual contribution was and if there is any updates for your thoughts for 2010 there?
Doug Howell: Yes, good question. We said that when we got the deal we thought it contributed about $25 million to $30 million worth of EBITDA. When it finally gets ramped up, we got about $10 million of it this year, so we are probably allowed $15 million more coming in over the top in 2010.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Okay, so no change from the $25 million to $30 million total that you talked about?
Doug Howell: No, it is still a great deal right now.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Okay and then just a last question, it could be Pat or Doug, just thinking about Brokerage in general, it seems like a pretty simplistic business model, right, when I think about Chem-Mod, the question that just comes to mind is why, why are you guys doing this? How does it benefit shareholders? Could you not be using your time, money and effort in a different direction? If you could just talk to that a little bit.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: I would let Doug touch on Chem-Mod but I want to – I appreciate your question on the brokerage space. I gave a presentation in New York a week ago to the RIMS chapter there and the question they asked is what does the brokerage world look like post the recession? And I tell you, when I look out longer term, the assets will grow and recover and that requires insurance. Virtually, and I think the Liberty deal proves this; every commercial account uses an agent or a broker. As you start at the top of the pyramid with the Fortune 100 or Fortune 5000, they use us differently than those small accounts that are personal alliances or small commercial accounts, but virtually 100% of those people use an agent or a broker.  So, in the long term, you have got asset growth, you have got more need to protect it at the same time the world is getting riskier, and as the world gets riskier, insurance is going to come into play more and more often. You step back from that and look at 18,000 agencies and brokerages in the United States; there are five of us that buy them. Long term, I could not be more bullish and this is what we are using to recruit young people into this business telling them it is the greatest business they could join coming out of college. It is tough, it is cyclical, long cycles, but long term this is one hell of a business. So, I will let Doug touch on Chem-Mod and how that interrelates to this other business that I think is the greatest business on earth.
Doug Howell: First of all, Chem-Mod is the technology that we own 42% of that we use in our section 45 the clean energy facility to generate tax credit. So we have eight facilities now. Why are we there? We have the investment; we explained last summer that in order for us to commercialize this investment, we need to get up plants up and running. We view this not as building a business, it is a way to minimize our taxes and generate cash –
Keith Walsh – Citi: And not build the business.
Doug Howell: Yes, we are not building a business out of this but it is a way to generate cash. We think that it can generate $40 million of cash for us for the next ten years. So, why are we doing it because we think that this is the way for us to generate maybe upwards of a half a billion of cash for the company.
Keith Walsh – Citi: Okay thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jack Sherck with Suntrust. Please proceed with your question?
Jack Sherck – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. I just had a question about the acquisition environment, since we have seen a push out of any expectations for really a hard market, have you seen some more I guess capitalization or agreement on behalf of sellers in terms of their interest level.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Jack, this is Pat. I would say that the answer to that is it depends. One of the things about acquisition activity is every single deal has its own flow. It really is a sales process and we turn them into a marriage, we are not looking to synergize costs out and replace management. So would I say that there is more of an acquiescence in the marketplace, I think there is a realization that the reality is you are not going to see a hard market in the short term. So I also think there is a recognition that it is likely the tax codes are going to change and that in order to be able to duplicate what we are willing to pay in terms of getting the cash and stock up front, someone will really have to look at growing their enterprise substantially over the next four or five years and holding on to it. Most of those 18,000 firms that I mentioned earlier are owned by Baby Boomers. So I think there is a closer meeting of the minds right now, multiples are down a little bit obviously because growth is down a little bit, but I would not say there is any substantial wave of change. We are actively working hard to sell people on the fact that they can do very well by joining us, taking our stock, receiving a nice dividend while they wait for an adjustment in rates. So I think you will see that activity ramp up slightly this year.
Jack Sherck – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Good morning Meyer.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Should we expect any impact since your organic growth from the last two years at headcount reductions?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Headcount reductions?
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Yes.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: No, those were not reduction of producers unless the producers were not validating, and as I said during 2009 we continued to recruit production talent. Our producer headcount is up.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. I was just wondering about you got producers in many cases that are under producing and obviously there could be right there but I think you have answered that. With regard to the lower travel meeting and professional fees that you reported, how much of that comes back next year?
Doug Howell: We are hoping to hold the line up, there will be some that comes back in and there is some natural inflation and just the travel that was out there, fares were a little bit lower last year than we are expecting this year, hotel prices are down so that might offset the difference, but we are hoping to hold the line on it.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, that is all. Thanks.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question is from the line of Doug Mewhirter with RBC Capital Markets. Please start with you question sir.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Good morning Doug.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: I have three hopefully quick questions. First, do you have an employee count as of the end of the year? Are you right around 10,000 still or –
Doug Howell: It is in our press release here on page – we have 5890 in Brokerage and 3741 in Risk Management; it is on page 6 of 8 of the press release, so it will be 9500 the two together, 9600.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks, I guess I just skipped over that, the second is more about contingent commissions, I maybe a little off in the semantics regarding contingent commissions and also it came to be called as supplemental commissions, you got a victory by getting those to sort of put back in there is allowed, but if you think that you would change, any of your contracts change or maybe when the contingent commissions went away, they switched to more of a supplemental commission agreement where you will just be trading dollars next year or in 2011, it is the same money so it would not be (inaudible) commissions you are just sort of trading one term for the other, do you understand what I am getting at?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: I think I do. Yes, we are going to work hard to maintain kind of the level we have got. You are right in that it is a bit confusing. We have what are called guaranteed supplementals, we have supplementals that are not necessarily guaranteed and then we have got contingent commissions. The good thing about getting our contingent commissions back was that we were at a point where our merger partners from the previous three years we are going to have to stop taking them, so that problem was eliminated. In addition, the regional carriers that we were not able to negotiate any kind of supplemental arrangement with, we are now back in taking contingents from them and one of those is an example of Cincinnati Financial. They just simply were never going to convert, they believed in contingence, they did not believe in supplementals and they were not going to bow to the whims of the attorney generals. So those are where we are able to gain back, and the reason we say it is about $10 million is we want to make sure people did not think, oh my God, you got to plug another $30 million and that is what these guys lost in 2005. A lot of that has been replaced by these supplemental programs that the carriers have moved to. I hope I answered your question.
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: I think that was very helpful, thanks. My last question I guess is more of an industry question, you said the claim counts were down in the range of 8% that is sort of an absolute number, what do you think the actual claim frequency rates are and do you see any movement on that side because obviously there is less payroll, there is less asset value, less business revenues, but do you think the actual claim frequencies are down, or steady or up?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Yes, I think they are down, they are down in the order of 8.2% at Gallagher Bassett last year but there is an interesting thing, an interesting trend that we are seeing there that we had not seen before and that trend is where the claim count is coming down in many instances is from medical only claims that are part of the workers’ compensation work that we do. Now, medical only claim is the easiest claim for us to adjudicate. It is the quickest claim that comes into the system and then is put to bed and it really reflects someone that needs to go to an immediate care place, get a few stitches, and then come back to work.  So we are sitting back looking at this saying, what is happening here, are we in an economy where people are actually getting hurt at work and not telling anybody? Are they afraid of their jobs because we have never seen a drop-off of net only claims like this, those are the ones that typically kind of just stay steady as the work is done. Now, when you take the economy and add to that the fact that most of our clients have reduced headcount substantially, that also is a major drag on those claim counts. Plus I would say our clients, our clients’ efforts at loss control and we have got probably 25 or 30 years now of very strong focus in American business on loss control, they are having a positive effect, which is a good thing
Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great, thanks, that is all my questions.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Pitchard [ph] with Trimaran Fund Management.
Alex Pitchard – Trimaran Fund Management: Good morning, had a question about compensation expense in the book of business. I noticed that revenues were down about 50% sequentially, compensation was back up, severance is up 6%, it seemed to be a bit more than you expect given the seasonality and compensation, so I just wanted to see if there is anything unexpected in there that caused it to be higher than what you were thinking?
Doug Howell: Yes, sequential over the third quarter once you take out the workforce reduction related charges and everything, it really happened for two reasons. Our producer and branch manager bonuses were higher in the quarter because we actually had a pretty good quarter and that tripped him over into actually receiving more comps, so they did better as we closed out the year and so we booked more bonus there. And then also we had some medical expenses that hit in the quarter that drove it up a little bit too. So that produced some volatility into the fourth quarter which is kind of typical for us is if you got a producer that is running along for a year our brands, it does not look like they are going to make the numbers, they can also have a good fourth quarter, then you will see a little bit of a catch-up that goes into that number.
Alex Pitchard – Trimaran Fund Management: Okay. Medical expenses, is that a one-time in nature or is that something you expect to kind of be at a new run rate in the fourth quarter?
Doug Howell: We did have a little bit of one-time in there but also, in my opening comments, I said that we are seeing medical inflation out there and when you look at the – we are going to try to – our headcount reduction is going to come down $34 million of savings but we are going to give $12 million or so back that is in that number there.
Alex Pitchard – Trimaran Fund Management: Okay, thank you.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thanks Alex.
Operator: Our next question is from Alison Jacobowitz with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered but one favor please, can you just repeat what the 2010 roll-over amount was, the revenue from M&A activity, just went by me too fast.
Doug Howell: $20 million to $25 million.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So that is now from the less than $100 million about that you did in 2009, that is what is left to roll through in 2010.
Doug Howell: Correct.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So barring any additional acquisitions coming forward, that would be your only acquired revenue in 2010.
Doug Howell: Exactly.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perfect, thank you.
Doug Howell: Thanks Alison.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Durupio with Field Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Durupio – Field Capital: Good morning guys.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Hi Brian.
Brian Durupio – Field Capital: Couple of questions, first of all, Gallagher Bassett, the revenue decline, is that purely a claims count issue or you are seeing any other trends such as re-bundling or companies moving out of self insurance back into paying for it?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Yes Brian, we are seeing re-bundling. It is probably one of our tougher years when it comes to loss business and a big chunk of that was in fact re-bundling. The main carriers would prefer to operate in a bundle environment. As hard as I tried to get them to understand that if Gallagher Bassett is involved, it really does not hurt their interest, they do believe that their proprietary claims handling benefits them, either by retention or by reduced claims expense. I think we can prove to them that the reduced claims expense is a myth, but the simple fact is they will raise requirements and collaterals if they can, they will charge oversight fees and they will quote cheaper insurance rates to get the claims work back.
Brian Durupio – Field Capital: And Pat on the Brokerage side, as you look at the niches that you have, one of them is cyber risk, is that (inaudible) that you think you can really grow this year given all the news in the paper about Google and the cyber attacks they experienced recently.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: That is a great question Brian. There was another thing in the New York Times today about the amount of cyber terrorism that could occur in the country. So, yes, I think that is a place that we are concentrating [ph]. Do I think it will explode in this year, probably not, but I will tell you what, there is going to be a lot more interest in their coverage.
Brian Durupio – Field Capital: Got you. Lastly, question on the dividend is, I go back through your history, I do not think you have ever kept the dividend stable for this long. Can you just sort of give me your thoughts and obviously the Board’s thoughts about the dividend, do you have a target of payout ratio in mind, can you just help us along there, why the long pause?
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Absolutely we could help you out. The yield is very strong, strongest in the business. The Board felt that the level that we were paying was an appropriate level. There was good discussion about whether or not you go two years without increasing it and it was the feeling of the Board that we have got an excellent payout right now and that we should keep it the same.
Doug Howell: In terms of the payout ratio, we want to pay out between 50% and 60% of our free cash flows on it and that is still within that range, and I think that also with us having some opportunities on the M&A side, I think the Board thought that there might actually be a signal that there is some good growth opportunities out there. So they will look at it again next year and we will see where we go then.
Brian Durupio – Field Capital: Perfect. Thanks a lot guys.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thanks Brian.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question is from the line of Sarah DeWitt with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Good morning.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Good morning Sarah.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Could you discuss your ability to continue to expand the brokerage margin in 2010 if organic growth remains negative?
Doug Howell: Yes, in my opening comments I said that we are going to be fighting hard this year in order to hold the operating ratios the way we have them here in 2009. With respect to the compensation line, we believe that what we have done right now should lower our compensation cost next year because of the headcount reductions granted some of that is going to be given back in medical and incentive comp (inaudible). If it is flat, I think it could be – if we do not have negative organic change, you might see a slight expansion in the margin but not much, if it is up then you would see some margin expansion, if it is down then you might get a little bit of margin back.
Sarah DeWitt – Barclays Capital: Great, thanks for the answer.
Doug Howell: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time; I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr Gallagher for closing remarks.
Patrick Gallagher Jr: Thank you Rob. I just have a very brief closing. Thank you all again for joining us. Thanks for your good questions; I hope you got the answers from us that you wanted. As I said at the outset, I am really pleased with the progress that the team made in 2009. I am worried and I think that 2010 is going to be another test, but as I said, when I look out over a longer horizon I am really excited about our opportunities. We have got a tremendous sales focus, we have been able to maintain a very unique culture and I think we can continue to recruit the best and the brightest, and if we do that we know we are going to continue to build this great company. So thank you for being with us today and that is it Rob.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher Jr., - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Doug Howell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Hughes - SunTrust Keith Walsh - Citi Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Brian Durupio - Field Capital Paul Howard - Langen McAlenney Dean Evans - KBW Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Company third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions)  Some of the comments made during this conference call including answers given in response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce J. Patrick Gallagher Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Mr. Gallagher, you may begin.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Thank you, Rob and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on our third quarter conference call. Today I’m joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer as well as the leaders of our operating divisions. As is our customer I going to read from the press release instead I like here some highlights on the quarter and allow to flavor on the nine months. Then Doug will make few comment and we’ll move quickly to questions-and-answers. Given that this has going to be one of the - if not the toughest markets that I have seen in 35 years, I’m very pleased with our quarter especially given the economic environment we are operating in. Even with organic revenue dropping in the brokerage segment and risk management segment we moved EBITDA had 11% for the quarter and 19% in the first nine months, and we’ve expanded our EBITDA margin by 2.5 points. Let me pause for just a moment and give some additional flavor around the whole organic situation. The brokerage, we are showing 5.7% negative organic, but we know that 1% of that relates to life and retirement sales that were going strong last year until things crashed in September and about another 1% relates to our domestic whole selling operations that are being hit by customers who are returning to the standard market. So I took those operating cells out of the results. Our retail operations are showing about 3.9% organic revenues. Then if I look at risk management, you can see in the release that we have a large performance bonus in the third quarter of 2008 and that bonus we are eligible for that every two years. So, levelizing just for that bonus puts the risk management segment about flat and if you gain brokerage and risk management the way we look at our company adjusted negative organic would be about 2.7%. Let me go back and make some comments on the brokerage segment. To say that it is extremely tough out there would be an unbelievable under statement. I mean rates are continuing to drop and the economy is taking a huge toll on your clients. The decline in our brokerage revenue I think that two thirds of that can be attributed to the recessionary pressure on our clients exposure units and probably a third from rate decreases. We believe that the challenges we face are going to carry on into 2010 and that is why we have decided to reduce headcount in the coming months. Letting people go is never easy, but with organic revenue falling, it’s absolutely necessary to down size. Instructed everyone involved while respecting the dignity feelings of those employees who are going to be affected. The property casualty market as I said earlier remains soft. The latest quarterly results posted by a number of our trading partners show that balance sheets have recovered and combined ratios are still well under 100% and this is going to keep pressure on rates for the foreseeable future. Let me give you an example, I want mention any names, but a recent release by one of our key markets show that even with the decline in premiums written of 6% combined ratios were well under 90%. So this does not reflect any need for firming rates. Let me move over to the benefits right now. Our benefits operations did quite well in the quarter and it performed well over the last nine months. That’s in spite of what I’ve already mentioned the decline in the last nine months of the area financial benefit sales, which is related to life insurance sales and retirement services. Life sales have been timely by the credit crisis and our retirement practice was hurt by a drop in invested assets. If these two areas can get back on track as contributors in 2010, our benefits organic growth will pick up again. Of course, all of us here Gallagher are focused on healthcare reform efforts in Washington DC. We’re involved; these efforts seem to change on a daily basis. We continue to support many of the reforms being discussed, but we do not believe a public option i.e. medicare for all is in the country’s best interest. Our merger and acquisition activity continues to be a little slower this year than in previous years. I think, this reflects the sellers recognizing that values are declining. However, we did complete two new deals in the quarter and have a pipeline that is very, very strong. Again I’d like to welcome our new partners. I’m happy that they’ve joined Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. I do believe that, potential tax increases and our recognition that values are not going to rebound soon, will allow us to once again ramp up the number of deals that we do in 2010. Our international brokerage operations continue to do well. Our London operation where we’ve been the fastest growing large broker for over five years and contributed nicely this year as some of our equity investments in investments in the Caribbean and Australia. All in, when I look at our brokerage team, I’m pleased with what they’ve done, watching expenses closely and yet keeping over 90% of our renewals and we continue to generate double digit new business. Our culture is a sales culture. Everyone here knows that nothing happens until you ring the cash register. All of us are involved in our sales efforts. Let me turn to risk management. I am proud of the risk management team. Revenues are declining, because claims counts are down significantly. This reflects our customers decrease in employee count. So the story of Gallagher Bassett is one of the expense management. Remember, this is a labor intensive business, expanding margins with declining revenues is tough work and our team is working hard to hold on to our profitability. Actually, growing EBITDA 9% over the last nine months is that testament to the team’s efforts. Again international operations are performing well, adjusting for the performance bonus that I mentioned earlier, which I remind you is not annually available, and normalizing for foreign exchange, international revenues were up 9% in the quarter. So I think our team has reacted extremely well to this tough environment. Moving our mar margin up 2.5 points over the last nine months is very hard work, and we expect further reductions in the workforce to add additional savings in 2010. We’ve harvested a sizable amount of savings from our efforts over the last few years and even so, we’re anticipating a very difficult 2010, as our client exposures continue to fall. When you combine this with continuing reduction in rates, organic growth is really, really squeezed. Nonetheless, we believe that our past nine months’ growth reflects the fact that we continue to execute on our growth strategies. We’ve told you for years that, we are focused on five things: new business, review ourselves as a new business machine. All of us are out everyday getting out after new customers. Secondly, client retention, transparency actually help to met going transparent 2006 and our and our client retention is nicely over 90%. Thirdly, as recruiting, both the young people from our internship as well as season professionals from other competitors fourthly are mergers and acquisitions. We’ve nicely tucked in our largest acquisition ever, which is Liberty operation as well as continuing to do other tuck in acquisitions and fifth efficiency in margin improvement, which you can see we did well through the first nine months of this year. Doug.
Doug Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Today I have six comments: First some housekeeping. We intend on filing our 10-Q later this week, and don’t forget to use the quarterly spread on the website see trends and seasonality as you build your models. My second point, let’s jump into our operating cost. You can see both our brokerage and risk management segments, nine month operating ratios are down around three points, has tremendous progress in this environment. Looking beyond 2009, it’s going to take hard work by the team to hold the current nine month operating ratios in 2010. Then as we look towards 2011, the next significant area lies in our occupancy cost. Teams are currently working to see just how much opportunity might be out there and I’ll give you an update in our January call. Third in terms of workforce, over the coming months, we are again contracting our operations across the board. Fortunately, the historical investments we’ve made in technology and improved processes and our service centers will enable us to maintain Gallagher’s commitment to excellent customer service. About half of the current actions will come if the brokerage segment and the other half from the risk management segment. Unfortunately, offsetting some of the savings in 2010 will be medical inflation, which is nearing double digit, increasing pension costs due to decline in investment yields and limited wage and performance compensation adjustment and since on the subject, I just want to point out that here in the third quarter we also had about a penny of severance across the brokerage and risk management segment that is running through our numbers. My fourth comment relates to our clean energy investment, called Chem-Mod. In July, we told you we’re expecting to spend about $15 million on facilities to move Chem-Mod’s technology into commercial use. We now expect to have about a net $20 million invested into eight facilities, but we must have them in production by December 31, 2009 to capture early tax credit subsidies. All goes well, and getting the facilities up in running, then operating them as plan, we can generate earnings up to $40 million per year for the next ten years. When you look at the corporate and financial services segment, you will see that we had a pickup from resolving tax items of about $3.50 this is quarter, but don’t miss that we also had $0.02 of cost from additional professional fees and compensation related to pushing Chem-Mod along its path to commercialization. A couple comments related to acquisition. The Liberty Wausau deal is going great and we now anticipate. We could see $8 million to $10 million of EBITDA in contribution from the deal here in 2009. For 2010, the deal still on track to contribute a total of $25 million to $30 million of EBITDA or in other words incremental $15 million to $20 million moreover 2009. Like Pat said, we are encouraged by our M&A pipeline and we will continue to do deals using a mix of 25% cash and 75% stock. While I’m on this subject, I want to point out again a new line item in the P&L here in 2009. This shows you the accretion of acquisition earn outs. This new accounting doesn’t impact EBITDA, but it did cost us a penny of EPS this quarter and about $0.02 year-to-date. This new accounting is here to stay. So it probably should be considered in your model. As a wrap up comments even in these difficult times, Gallagher team is delivering on our objectives. We are implementing our expense savings initiatives. We have optimized our workforce and during this time we’ve raised our quality and all the while our teams are delivering professional advice and excellent service to our clients. Okay, Pat, those are my comments.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Rob, we’re ready to go to questions-and-answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Hughes - SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Any change in the commission rate that you are earning over the last three to six months?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: This is Pat. I don’t have the stats in front of me. Anecdotally, I would tell you that our people are paid on a commission basis, and they’re paid to do as well as they can the underwriting desk, but in terms of upfront changes in the rate of commission by the insurance companies, very little.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: How big is the U.K. portion of the brokerage business at this point roughly?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Just over $100 million in revenue.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: As you look at your client base, how are they doing in the volatile economy, sort of the middle market customers doing as good, a little bit worst than what we might see in the broader economy?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Mark, I meet a lot with clients and they laugh at the green shoot discussions. Some of the transportation clients think that maybe in the first quarter they’ll see some increase, but by enlarge our clients are really suffering. I mean sales are down, and again this is all anecdotal discussions of just meeting with client, but you take just those electrical contractors that did housing developments and things like that. We have customers that did $6 million, $7 million, and $10 million in revenue a year ago, that are going to do $2 million this year. Their businesses are down in the order of 3%, 4%, 5%, these businesses are down 50%, 60%. We’re very large in Florida, and if you take a look at our customer base in Florida, you’ve almost an 11% unemployment rate. Commercial real estate down there, which is a big part what we do, is collapsed. In downtown my EMEA alone, theirs is 6500 of our public entity business in Florida is a very large part of what we do. They’re literally in a crisis mode when it comes to budget. The other business that we are very large and of course it’s religious and not for profit, and contributions are down and that of course we’re large in construction so I could keep going through our niches like that and every niche I look I don’t see one that’s robust at all and I don’t see any that are planning on robust recovery in 2010 I’ll tell you that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Walsh - Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citi: I guess first for Pat, as always I appreciate the candor around the revenue and then client situation out there. I am just still trying to reconcile recognize the minus 6 organic and the timing of this relative to maybe say lets say well its reported the other day and their organic actually is improving in North Americas decelerating the negative trends. So, trying to a sense for to reconcile some of those different things we are seeing out there I got a follow up for Doug?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr: I can’t really comment on my competitors. I’m not inside those firms and I’m not even sure quite honestly exactly how all of us measure organic, I don’t think that’s a GAAP define the term. So we just try to give it to you straight and then we give the table in our press release as to how we calculate and we try to stay very consistent with that. I think this is very reflective of what’s going on; basically our brokerage unit on the property casualty side is 85% commission. On the benefit side its probably even though is more negotiated, it’s probably still 80%, 85% commission. Our benefits clients are down FTE significantly, our property casualty clients are down sales, payrolls and our wholesaling business is losing business to the standard market. So, it’s just tough to move well down the filed frankly when I look at our new business sales, I’m proud of our guys, we’re not losing accounts that’s the interest thing. Our retention is actually improved over the last three year we’re nicely into the 90s. When you take out stuff that we new it wouldn’t reoccur like and one time projects and we are nicely into the 90, probably over 93%, 94%. So, it’s not loosing clients and we are getting new business this is we are a new business machine. This is just really reflective of rates and the economy and we don’t sense any significant improvement I’ll tell you that.
Keith Walsh - Citi: Then for Doug and I guess some of the silver lining here in a tough environment is, you raised your EBITDA margin and with down six revenues. It’s extremely difficult to do I would maybe you can talk give us more color behind that was Liberty behind that, was the expense cut you guess its done previously driving that. It gives us a little more color behind why that number went up.
Doug Howell: I think both of the things you mentioned are true but going back, I told you for years for those who have been listening that we’ve been investing a lot of money over the last four, five years and trying to move ourselves, in a more efficient and lower cost provider of service at the same time rate and quality. A lot of those things hit in the harvest phase here in 2009. If you have following you heard me say that. So, the places we are doing is we are trying to reduce consumption of travel, meeting expense, but generally not at the producer level, that one of the management in administrative layers that we’re holding cost on there. We’ve done a good job of looking at our ENO cost and make sure that we drive out of our cost and raise quality and provide so that helps us restore some profitability. We are shifting labor to lower cost labor locations. So, we keep just as many hands on yours but we are paying less for those hands and when you put in the Liberty deal, remember we still haven’t had all the revenue on Liberty. So Liberty is not improving our margins right now. Liberty is not a contributor we believe longer term it will, when we get all the revenue and we have a wide shape of revenue with respect to Liberty. So basically it’s across the board and the team working hard to look at the cost they spend and how they are servicing the business and that’s dropping to the bottom line.
Keith Walsh - Citi: Just around the $10 million of recoverable contingents, they talk about last quarter how are the conversations trending so far with that, any update there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr: I’m very pleased with that. It trended very well. A lot of those contingents are coming from local markets and regional players and I’m pleased to say that it’s really kind of an attitude of welcome back.
Keith Walsh - Citi: How are your customers reacting to this change?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I have zero complaints with some exception from the RIMS society. RIMS is beginning to shift their view of this, because I believe that they recognize that our larger competitors are also going to try to move back to taking contingents and I think now they’re focusing properly on the fact that the issue should be transparency. I said all along, this isn’t a compensation issue, which should be viewed as a transparency issue. We’re disclosing to every single client that we are in contingent arrangements and I will tell that when you get away from the RIMS members, there is zero controversy around this issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Just a few follow-up questions here for Doug. I guess the eliminations, once they are completed, what would total reduction of workforce be at that point?
Doug Howell: We’re looking to level attrition and outlays were picking out 400 on this round. Is that what your question is?
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Beyond this round, if you go back to sort of when this began?
Doug Howell: We announced another 400 in January of 2008 and 130 in the fall of 2007. So we’re well over a thousand folks out of the organization. Again most of this has been done through attrition over the last two years.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Then I guess, if you look at the various scenarios out there, potential scenarios for an economic rebound or even a change in the underwriting cycle. How do you feel about the workforce level? Would you have to add immediately? Could you still absorb some sort of change in either one of those out looks?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I think that, if we were to get an economic recovery, we would simply be able to absorb that. I mean, a change just in our client’s exposure it’s not going to drive more work. In fact, that’s part of the problem right now. Even with take that contract, where I mentioned the drops from $10 million to $3 million in total billings, we’re still sending out a thousand certificates for that guy. So the work doesn’t really expand and contract all that much based on how their exposures go. If you combine, get me back to 5% organic growth and give me a flat rate environment, I will mint money.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Your comments about the change in the M&A environment, is that something that you’re witnessing right now or just your sense?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: No, it’s something we’re witnessing. I think that the pipeline is very strong. I think that people are going to get again anecdotal, Mike, but the people that are coming through are reasonable sellers, recognizing that they have an opportunity to play the game with us, with our stock, we’re hope that they keep the stock. That’s part of the discussion, that’s part of continuing to build the dream, and they get a very nice dividend, while we wait for the explosion that’s yet to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess, one question for Doug to start with. If I look at the average compensation per average full time employee, it has been funding the first half of the year with up in both in both brokerage and risk management in the quarter?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Say it again, I didn’t hear you.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: I’m looking at the average compensation for average workforce.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Okay.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: It had been down in the first half of the year for both brokerage and risk management, but it was up in the third quarter. Is that just a lagging indicator because of the anticipated workforce reduction?
Doug Howell: It’s nothing systematic inside of the organization or we’ve been giving raises, or there’s been a substantial change in performance compensation levels. So, if compensation is going up in the third quarter by percent, it’s because of our producer compensate, our third quarter is a larger quarter so that would drive more comp into it with the same number of folks, because of the producer comp line. As a person, it will go up as revenues go up and we have more revenues in the third quarter.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess following-up my question, what should we expect average compensation to do in 2010 for the non-reduced workforce?
Doug Howell: This is what we do. Those branches that grow have an opportunity to fund a raise pool and we will take care of the branches that are showing growth. Those that don’t have to contract, and that’s the way we do it around here. The premise that we operate at Gallagher’s fairness and if somebody has had a great year, and had deserved and then promoted then you have to recognize them for that.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: This is Pat. I travel the branches all the time and I make no bones about it that it’s a simple equation. Put your self in your activities in a place where you can grow the business and everybody will participate in that. Shrink the business and the same will happen.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Last question I guess. One that you commented on earlier I think Doug, was that the travel expense reduction was largely management as opposed to producers?
Doug Howell: Management and administrative folks, people that are not really directly touching the clients is the primary place that we contracted.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Has there been any significant contraction for the client facing folks?
Doug Howell: Not in terms of the number of trips taken to see clients. I think that lot of our sourcing networks and our negotiated contracts have helped contribute to the fact that they can travel to those locations cheaper, but they can still go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Of the $25 million to $28 million of expense savings from headcount reductions, how much of that do you expect to drop to the bottom line? You had mentioned that there could be some offset.
Doug Howell: I think we’ll be able to get 75% of that number.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Then in terms of organic growth, you mentioned you don’t expect a recovery in exposure units in 2010, and since most economists are predicting GDP growth in 2010, is it fair to say there’s a lag between when the economy recovers and when exposure units recover and if so why do you think that is?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I think it’s the fact that the recovery and exposure units we are the lagging indicator. What happens is, clients will hunker down, the exposure units come down and you basically renew the account at what they predict their sales and payrolls to be. If they are a little more successful during the year than they originally predicted, so economics are correct and the GDP recovers. We’ll reflect that in the renewals and in the additional premium audits in 2011, so we lag our client success.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: I noticed that you reduced the debt levels again in the quarter. I just wonder how you are thinking about what your intentions were. Do you expect that to continue in the next couple of quarters?
Doug Howell: If you look at our numbers, one of the reasons why the debt levels are coming down is quarter, because our first quarter is seasonally our lowest cash quarter. So the history of Gallagher is that the debt will come up a little bit in the first and second quarter and then we start bring it down in the third and fourth quarter. It’s a seasonal item in our cash flow. How am I thinking about that? I think we’re looking at all options right now.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Then relative to the initial expense savings targets you gave relative to the structure was about a year ago. Are those on track? I think the number was $25 million to $30 million on track to meet those or ahead of expectations?
Doug Howell: We well exceeded those numbers.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Last question is, you mentioned in your commentary as Florida being kind of an area of weakness. I wonder if you could talk about other regions, where it really weakened versus Q2 where you had negative 6% organic growth versus flat versus Q2. I wonder where the big change was versus second quarter.
Doug Howell: As I mentioned, Florida is very difficult location for us. If you can roam around the country, California is a very large part of our organization and I think unemployment in California is approaching 14%. Homebuilding is completely stopped. Infrastructure contractors are doing okay. So California is tough. Where we seem to see a little of resiliency and where the economy has not been as impact or places like Oklahoma City. So really the Northeast is also very weak. If you look at Southeast typically, most typically Florida, Northeast out of the whole New York Corridor and California, those are our three weakest places from an economic activity standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Durupio - Field Capital.
Brian Durupio - Field Capital: First of all, two questions for you Doug. First one, in the last three press releases you’ve had this little commentary how you switched all your cash balances out of interest bearing accounts to things that are much more safe that essentially pays zero. Recognizing that even interest paying accounts basically pay close to zero given that much of the crisis has abated, is there an opportunity to put money back to work a little a bit, so you’re earning something rather than nothing on the account?
Doug Howell: Yes, there is and we’re working on that right now, but I caution that, putting in fact paper which we typically do, maybe we’re giving up a quarter to million to half a million dollars in quarter in our current stance right now. Until rates return, it will be lowered, but I think we are looking at moving some money back into earnings accounts.
Brian Durupio - Field Capital: Doug also for you, the $40 million that actually you’re talking about at Chem-Mod that you perpetually get annually, is that going to be a discreet item on the P&L, or is that going to be in the tax rate?
Doug Howell: It will be both, the way that we set these partnerships up, is there will be pre-tax income and then there will also be a tax benefits that records through. So we’ll get them both in the corporate and financial services segment you’ll see both pre-tax items and you’ll see a tax benefits coming through. We’ll identify it for you and break it down for you.
Brian Durupio - Field Capital: Lastly Pat, since you’ve experienced more winters than most of us on the call, the last time we went through a major inflationary cycle was the ‘70 and the early part of the ‘80. One of the other great debates out there besides green suite as though we see maximum inflation or not. In general, would you say is that higher inflation better for you or is that worse for you in terms of pricing and what you can probably do with margins?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Inflation benefits the brokerage business.
Brian Durupio - Field Capital: It does.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yes. As our clients are recording more sales, they are paying more premium and more premium equates to more commission. We’ve to be very careful on our expense side and so it do not necessarily relates to expanding margins, but as clients are giving raises to people, payrolls are going up, cost of property is going up, that actually helps us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Howard - Langen McAlenney.
Paul Howard - Langen McAlenney: Doug, I just wanted to piggyback on last question on Chem-Mod. Can you sort of walk us through the thought process with the risk involved, I think maybe the initial cash outlay is a little bit higher than previously thought and could that number go even higher on a cash outlay or a net investment basis and with a shot clock sort of ticking towards December 31, what are the risks involved of getting these eight facilities complete and up and running?
Doug Howell: The people that are working on these projects are the same group of people that have worked on our previous alternative energy projects over the last 15 years. So we got the same experience group working on it. There are always risk with these types of opportunities that we think that there’s IRS risk. There’s operations risk. There’s supply chain risk, production risk. We feel like these things have been tested in laboratory and tested in full scale tested enough to mitigate most of those, but we can’t eliminate all of them. In terms of how I look at it, and this is largely a way to capitalize in the investment in Chem-Mod, technology has worked. It’s proven to take Mercury out of coal fire stacked over and over and over, and we’re putting them in place. Right now, we think that we going to price spend $30 million to $35 million in total, but then when we sell off a piece of the plant will recover, $10 million to $15 million of that to get back to a net $20 million that we have laid out. That should be all wrapped up within the next three to six months. In terms of getting the plants into production, we have a production schedule that shows that the plant should be going in towards the end of November early December, so that give us a 30 day buffer with respect to getting it by the December 31, date. So we feel like that the team is working hard on it and I think that we’ve got good construction partners working with us and the project is moving along. I get pictures from the projects almost every day. So I feel comfortable that we’ll have no problem in place by December 31.
Paul Howard - Langen McAlenney: Is this economic benefit, is it more binary where these eight facilities are up and running. Is it pretty certain, it’s going to be the $40 million benefit or is it going to be maybe some adverse decisions by one of these parties that make a risk for the project and it would be zero or could it be somewhere in between in terms of the benefit going forward?
Doug Howell: I think the range right now is up to $40 million, so zero is in the range. I think zero is unlikely, but it could be between zero and $40 million and also because of the way coal fire plant works, we’re going to have to iron out just like we did in the section 29 project. Good production management schedules, so that we can get chemical there. So that we can get materials put into the coal. So that will take us a while to work out. So it would not be using your dealers binary. If not any no, off to $40 million. I think you’ll see a ramp up in 2010. So I don’t think we’ll experience the full $40 million in 2010. The other risk that’s out there is that these plants have the available to displace coal with natural gas. So we only get paid if we’re burning coal. The plant at natural gas remains low, that plant may choose to burn natural gas instead of coal. So there’s always that risk to they don’t run the plant full speed.
Paul Howard - Langen McAlenney: For 2011, if everything goes great, it could be a $40 million story?
Doug Howell: We’re hopeful that’s the case.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dean Evans - KBW.
Dean Evans - KBW: I was wondering if you can touch again on the estimated cost savings from the headcount reductions. How do you expect that to flow through into 2010? Do you expect it to be sort of evenly throughout the year? You already mentioned that it should be evenly throughout the segments, but how much of that sort of as the year goes on when are we going to get it?
Doug Howell: I think most of the contractual will happen in the fourth quarter with some spillover into January, but basically by February 1, we think most of the activity should be completed.
Dean Evans - KBW: As far as the cost savings or the expense?
Doug Howell: The workforce will be down. We’ll take the charge in the fourth quarter, when we announce in the press release and then the savings will come throughout all of 2010.
Dean Evans - KBW: So it will beginning in the beginning of the year and kind of flow through?
Doug Howell: Correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Pat, one quick question, I think you mentioned in your commentary that one of the drags on organic growth was from wholesale?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Yes.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Was that new in the third quarter compared to earlier quarters this year?
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: It’s an acceleration Meyer, something we’ve seen over the last probably 15 months.
Doug Howell: You have the likes of Cincinnati financials going into the excess of surplus business, that’s not an area that we never them before and they’re not working with us as a wholesaler and they’re writing a lot of business. So as new players come in, iron shore is ramping up and others that we are doing business with, I mean wholesale business is losing business to the standard markets.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Do you feel like you are winning your fair share of that on the retail side?
Doug Howell: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gallagher, for closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Thanks Rob. I’d like to make a very brief wrap up comment. As I’ve said, I’m proud of our team. I think we accomplished a lot in the last nine months. We reduced our headcount. We’ve harvested the results of a number of expense savings. I mean we’re down $9 million in investment income and EBITDA margin is up 2.5 points. We’ve integrated our largest acquisition even and continue to do tuck in acquisitions. We continue to attract Merger Partners to the team. We continue to sell new business and renew our account and we’re still investing and training the next generation. So we know that we’re still operating in a still difficult economic environment. So intense focus on what we’re trying to do. We’ll continue through the fourth quarter and into 2010, and we expect to continue to grow our company. Thank you for being with us this morning. Rob, I think that’s it.
Operator: This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas K. Howell – Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Keith Walsh – Citigroup Michael F. Grasher – Piper Jaffray Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America - Merrill Lynch Bill Bergman – Morningstar Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Dan Farrell – Fox-Pitt Kelton Kenneth J. Ruskin – Temujin Asset Management
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Company fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to introduce the host J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Thank you, Mr. Gallagher. You may begin.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Diego. Good morning everyone and thank you very much for being with us this morning. This morning I’m joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As I said in my remarks and our press release, we did not escape the negative impact of the rapidly deteriorating economy and a continued soft market in the fourth quarter. However, as you saw there are a lot of moving parts in the quarter, so I encourage you to use the tables on page three and four, as you evaluate our results. We’ll answer questions on the table and any other part of the press release you have when we get to questions and answers. Although I think that we are very lucky to be in a business that people need and will continue to buy, we saw some changes in buying behavior in the quarter. Buyers are buying less coverage and reducing limits. They are also increasing deductibles and self-insured retentions. Rates continue to soften and exposure units are down. Remember all insurance is predicated on sales, payrolls, values and in benefits its full time equivalent employees. In my 35-year career, I believe these are the toughest headwinds I can ever, ever remember. Our construction niche has been hit hard by the fall off in construction activity. Our transportation and our hospitality niches have seen significant slowdowns. In fact, I think it’s fair to say when you look across all our stated niche markets, even the public sector are feeling the negative effects of the global financial slowdown. During 2008, we worked hard to proactively address expenses and headcount reductions. The items that we listed on page two of our release our actions we’ve already taken. We’ll see the benefits of these actions in 2009, even with these efforts though our fourth quarter was of prior year and below our expectations. In the brokerage segment, I’ve already mentioned the impact of the economy but also remember that rates are declining. We started the year with double-digit rate decreases across all lines of coverage in an all geographic locations, and there has been a lot of talk about market hardening, which we did see a little bit of in large marine and energy placements, in particular in London at the end of the year. But clearly though, fourth quarter rates continue to fall. The CIAB survey showed a drop of about 7% in the commercial middle market in the fourth quarter. So, ’08 was the sixth year our industry has had to run up a down escalator to get results. Underwriting results are beginning to show some mixed results. Our balance sheet asset values are coming down. So, at some point we’re going to see some tightening, but our middle market Property & Casualty world there is no evidence of any major change now. The Brokerage business I think is going to be unbelievably tough in 2009. I'm afraid the economy will experience record drops in GDP, which will continue to impact clients severely. This will result in bankruptcies, layoffs, and budgets that just won't be able to pay the same premium dollars. So we are really battened down the hatches. Even in tough times though there are some bright spots and I do want to mention four of those this morning. First in our brokerage segment, our Benefits business had an outstanding year. Accretive acquisitions and organic growth propelled our Benefits team to really a record year. Secondly, in our Retail, Property & Casualty business, we did have a number of our branches that actually ruled through this tough environment. There are always people who find a way to get it done and on this call, I want to thank them for their efforts. They inspire the rest of our team to understand that growth is possible regardless of the environment. Thirdly, another bright spot in ’08 was acquisitions. We did 37 deals, a $165.6 million in revenue purchased this is a record result. Our M&A teams worked tirelessly all year long. All of our operations, Property & Casualty, Retail, Benefits and Wholesale contributed to those results. I wanted to again welcome our new partners and say thank you to each of you. I know you had choices and I’m very, very proud you chose to join Gallagher. Fourth, and finally, in early 2009, we secured the renewal rights to two of Liberty Mutual's regional direct sales units and to the Wausau Signature Agency and we're very, very excited about this deal. In that sense, this deal is a series of tuck-in deals. We will pay based on the business that our new producers right. So, we will only pay for business that is actually built by us. This has the potential to be a great deal for Gallagher and for Liberty Wausau folks joining us. Whenever we've done a successful tuck-in acquisition, an acquisition where our team joins one of our existing branches, when it has been successful, the returns on these deals have usually exceeded any of our standalone deals. Probably, as important as either of those things is the excitement this has brought to our team in the field. Our branch managers are working hard to recruit these new people into our branches and continue to report how impressed they are with the talented folks at their meeting. In an environment where most of the news is bad and frankly getting worse this is a real shot in the arm for our PC team. We hope to close this transaction in early March and look forward to building a strong middle market relationship with Liberty going forward. Regarding mergers and acquisitions in 2009, values are coming down in this environment, so I believe we’ll see a natural slowdown in deals in ’09 and frankly that’s okay. We’re going to integrate the Liberty Wausau teams and we have the 2008 acquisitions to be sure be neatly tucked-in into the company. Return now to the Risk Management segment. The soft market and economic downturn hit our Risk Management segment hard in the quarter as well. It’s just extremely difficult to maintain margin when claim counts are dropping. We did not give raises in 2008, but the 1.7 one-time bonus payments in lieu of raises impacted the quarter. Foreign currency was also a big drag on the quarter in the year. Expense controls are in place, but for this business to return to our targeted 15% pre-tax margin, we are going to need economic growth and rising claim counts. Doug, your comments.
Douglas Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Today I’ve seven comments. First, a housekeeping comment. We intend on filing our 10-K later this week and don't forget to use the quarterly spread on our website that shows trends and seasonality. Please don’t forget that our first quarter is our smallest of the year. Second, some comments on the Financial Services & Corporate segment. When you turn to page eight of their earnings release, there was not much left in the whole Financial Services assets. As we said today, I don’t expect significant P&L activity from those remaining assets in 2009. So, as you build your models for 2009, just assuming the segment, we’ll report interest expense on our debt and our line of credit, first of all $1.5 million per quarter of operating cost. That equates to about $0.06 of loss per quarter after tax. Third, given the banking sector turmoil during the fourth quarter, we moved nearly all of our cash in the fully secured accounts, but we sacrificed return for safety. In unsecured accounts, yields are next to nothing today, so we can probably earn another two or three million of EBITDA annually if we wanted to risk the principal. But in our view, the significant risk is now worth the minimal return. Of course when stability returns we’ll look to generate more investment income. Fourth, our Brokerage and Risk Management segments, both have foreign operations. Overall because the lion share of our revenues in London are U.S. dollars. Our stronger dollar in 2009 would improve our EBITDA earnings. So, if the U.S. dollar stays where it is today, the combined units should generate above $5 million more of EBITDA than it did in 2008. On my fifth point, you can see an earnings release that we anticipate saving about $25 million to $30 million in 2009 as a result of our cost savings initiatives we put in place in the fourth quarter. We have been working on some of these for a couple of years and it is nice to be in the harvest space. These efforts included reducing our brokerage segment workforce by about 400 employees, which is a 7% reduction when you exclude acquisitions. Interestingly, our early metrics indicate that the same time we are reducing our workforce. We have actually improved our customer service quality with the new tools, techniques and technologies that we put in place to support the workforce. On the topic of expense control we made great strides, but we are not done. As you look at 2009, we have a headcount freeze in place other than production [talent]. We know that raises will be sparse. We know that we can use our offshore labor more effectively, and we know that we can consolidate more of our back office operations. These additional efforts won’t have big impact in the first half of 2009 almost certainly contributing to further savings in late ‘09 and into 2010. Sixth, Pat talked about our strong M&A year. The team did a great job. Now that we announced Liberty Wausau deal, it’s a great way to start 2009. Certainly on the surface, the Liberty Wausau deal looks - is a bigger deal than we’ve historically done. When you look at it is really more of a bulk hiring exercise. This deal is really a collection of 2 to 8% shops that brings with them a very nice book of business. Most will tuck into our existing branch footprint or in some cases open up some new territories. In total, we're hoping to hire about a 100 to 120 producers and a like number of support that. But this deal is not scheduled to close until March 1, so I’ll give you some more information during our next conference call. In the meantime, as you build your models because this is a renewal rights deal, just assume it will be above break even in 2009 and now it will get you closing your models for now. Recall also that we have been using more stock to fund our acquisitions. We see that continuing in 2009. At the same time, we are attaining terms and conditions as we partner with those rational sellers that understand that in today's world, multiples are following. Sellers if they choose can hold our stock and reap the benefits when multiples improve. At this time, we're not anticipating as big M&A a year in 2009 as we had in 2008. Seventh, from time-to-time, I get a few questions about how to model the additional cash flows Gallagher get from the run down of deferred tax assets. I have given the shortcut answer before as follows  Compute what you think we will pay in taxes. Then reduce your estimate by about $30 million to $40 million for each of the next 4 to 5 years. As a wrap-up comment for the year, despite a falling economy and a very soft market throughout 2008, Gallagher’s Brokerage and Risk Management segments combined to post adjusted EBITDA of $288 million and our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was down less than half a point. Looking forward to 2009, we are expecting the economy to continue to struggle and insurance rates are likely to flatten at best. But offsetting those headwinds, I’m pleased that we have already closed the acquisitions that should contribute another $100 million of revenues and we are hitting the ground running with our cost savings initiatives. The more importantly, as I look around the network, the Gallagher team seems to be really turned on, excited about the Liberty Wausau deal and we are aggressively taking actions that are necessary to keep Gallagher vibrant through these tough times. Okay, Pat those are my comments back to you.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.:  Thank you, Doug. Diego if we could go to questions and answers and now?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the Keith Walsh with Citi. Please state your question.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Hi, good morning everybody. A couple of questions for Doug. I’m just a little confused, looking at $0.12 versus $0.37. I know there is a lot of one-time as you talk about in the release, but just a cut through at all. What is the core EPS for this quarter if you can walk us through that? Thanks.
Douglas Howell: Good morning Keith. I think the way to look at is in the Financial Services and Corporate segment. Again $0.06 share of loss per quarter is what we told you at the beginning of the year. The reason why it shows a negative, I’m looking backwards up the face of the press release here. If you are working backwards, we took a write off at 5.7 on asset alliance and we wrote off some state taxes of $1.9 million. So, that’s the difference between the $0.06 of interest in operating cost and then the reportable $0.11 negative. Going up into the risk management segment you can see on page four of the press release, if you add that the one-time items there is about $6.6 million worth of one-time items, if you tax effect that you get about $0.04 a share differential, sort of $0.05 plus the $0.04 to $0.05, the result of that is about $0.09 to $0.10 there. On the brokerage segment doing the same exercise, we give an add back to the earnings there, how about a nickel again, so your 18 moves to 23 and the difference between that and probably what you are expecting was 4% negative organic growth and loss investment income. So those are the big pieces that navigate you back to the kind of the quarter earnings.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: So about $0.23 versus the $0.37 if we wanted to do apples–to–apples?
Douglas Howell: If you assume no investment income and you assume 4% negative organic growth that’s right.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay and then just for Pat the two questions, in the press release you said, renewal exposure units are down as one of the reasons for the organic being down. I assume this issue is only going to accelerate in first quarter. Maybe if you can correct me if I’m wrong but I believe first quarter would probably be a bigger renewal season than fourth quarter and then I have a followup.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: No, actually first quarter seasonally Keith is a smaller quarter than the fourth quarter for us.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: As far as whether or not we’ll see an acceleration of the impact of the economy I think your guess is as good as mine.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay, and then just on the headcount reductions, I mean you guys have successfully accomplished that. But there was something you announced in 1Q'08, the world changed dramatically since 1Q'08. And I’m just curious why there hasn’t been a much more aggressive push on the cost reduction side if you saw this comment. Thanks.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: I think Keith, if you take a look at our headcount on the brokerage units, in fact if you go back to the efforts that we put in 2007, we've reduced the headcount in those units by about 9% and that’s pretty aggressive reduction in headcount. So we are cutting in everyplace we can. We put in basically a hiring freeze and as it wouldn't surprise you our attrition dropped in half in 2008. So, we had to be a little bit more aggressive than just using attrition itself. And we targeted 400 heads and that’s what we've landed on. Now we will share with you this stress and strain in our field. Some of those items that you see on page three of the press release, are departures that frankly we didn’t want those departures to occur. So at what point are you cutting muscle and at what point are you cutting fat and we are going to watch you just closely as we can and take whatever action we had to take to keep ourselves moving forward.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mike Grasher with Piper Jaffray. Please state you question.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Thank you, very much good morning.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Good morning Mike.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: On the – also I think after the reduced renewal exposures, you spoke a little bit here about declines in claim frequencies if you could just expand on that?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Both from economic downturn and frankly from I think the not Gallagher [asset] but the industry has seen a decrease in claim activity primarily in workers compensation and in automobile coverages and we attribute that to a lot of labor in many respects. It’s moved offshore. But also the fact that I think risk management and safety programs in the like are doing a good job of actually making our customers safer. So when claim counts reduce and inventories grow, you get a cost squeeze in the claims business.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: That primarily working comp and auto are two areas?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Correct, workers compensation is about 65% of the activity in our risk management segment.
Michael Grasher – Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alison Jacobowitz with Bank of America - Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Good morning.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you could, if there is any troubled spot in your book that you’ve seen now. Anything that you think you might need to divest going forward and at the same time, given all the changes do you see any opportunities or any new business areas, you might be expanding into?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, I think a little of both house. And we have not got any glaring place on our map that screams at me get out of this and a year ago, we did it was called reinsurance. And we divested our treaty reinsurance efforts. Right now what we have got is I think a team of people across all of our segments in all the divisions in the segments they really get it, they are working hard and I think they will be very successful in the long run. So, I really don’t have any spots out there right now that I’m thinking both we got to duck out of this. Now we do have a branch or two here and there that needs some remedial work and we’re on top of that and that doesn’t mean that there won’t be a divestiture here or there of someone that maybe has joined us and then isn’t going to be able to pull their way, but it’s nothing of any major size at all. As far as opportunities whenever there is turmoil we have opportunities. We had an awful lot of activity in 2008 that did not produce successful efforts – where we get down to the individual producer, the guy that’s worked $300,000, $400,000, $500,000 in opportunities and really hasn’t written any because the market soft and the incumbent kept it. Now with pain in the economy, people are truly willing to listen to us and I think our niche expertise sets us apart. We can going into these people and talk about their business. What it is they need to do and where we can help them pay back premium costs. So, I think there is going to be good opportunities for new business. We actually saw an improvement in loss business in the fourth quarter, so I think our guys are doing a good job of holding onto their accounts and at the end of the day that’s what going to make us or break us. 4% negative organic growth is not our style, I mean that’s really not a good quarter, so we are focused on selling a lot of new business.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: Great thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Bill Bergman with Morningstar. Please state your question.
Bill Bergman – Morningstar: Hi good morning, Pat
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Good morning Bill.
Bill Bergman – Morningstar: Hi Pat. You mentioned this - the tendency towards self insurance and with the economic slowdown historically is it your experience but it takes time for that to come back during a recovery or do people continue to self insure as recovery develops or how quick does that appetite for insurance some back during an economic recovery?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well, it’s interesting. What I said was, my comments were that the self-insured retentions are increasing. In a softening market, people moving to self insurance actually slows down. Its when the market tightens that people will move into self insurance, take a self insured retention and reduce their premium cost, but those people who go into the alternative market which isn’t so alternative anymore but those people who move into the self insurance alternative market tend to stay there whether there is a soft market or not and what we are seeing now is that people are basically looking at their budgets and saying if I had $150,000 retention and I can take that to $250,000 and reduce premiums accordingly I’ll take the game along the losses instead of paying out the premium.
Bill Bergman – Morningstar: All right, thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes for Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. Please state your question.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks good morning everyone.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Good morning Meyer.
Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Pat, in contrast, I guess when we saw a significant [dip] in employment in the fourth quarter.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Sorry, clearly I’m not hearing you.
Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I’m sorry, I’ve a [severed] headset. Can you contrast the organic growth rate employee benefits [through] September versus the fourth quarter trend?
Douglas Howell: The organic growth in employee benefits through the third quarter versus fourth quarter is that the question?
Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Yes.
Douglas Howell: I think it’s probably the same guys. We didn’t see much difference in the employee benefit space throughout the year. We had good strong organic growth throughout the year, pretty consistent.
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: And it raised to about 4 to 5%.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Okay, thanks, that’s helpful. With regarding to the provision, I’m not sure what it’s termed but the provision for commission refunds, can you talk a little about the expectations that you have for declining payrolls and policy cancellations? Was there any change in the fourth quarter and what are you anticipating for 2009?
Douglas Howell: First we maintain a reserve for commission refunds based on subsequent orders that will come up or virtual adjustments. We looked at that reserve. We adjusted as we saw the economy at the end of the year. With the downturn in the economy in the fourth quarter we don’t have a significant series of historical data points when we took our best estimate right now and I think we are okay, but we haven’t had a situation where the economy has falling off a cliff in one quarter before. So, with that, we will adjust our reserve every quarter as that develops for any brokerage right now.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Could you quantify the adjustments in the fourth quarter?
Douglas Howell: I think it was about a $1 million.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And one last question if I can.
Douglas Howell: Sure.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Do you have a sense I guess if the business that the formal with the mutual teams in the past been exclusively all the very mutual and now its basically going to be up perhaps in the general marketplace. Jeff is there - should we anticipate an increase in their revenues because they can charge higher admissions?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: It’s not going to be a matter of higher commissions there. We think is the opportunity is in the Liberty world as a direct rating organization. It just did not have access to be able to round up the whole account. So, in their world they wrote about two lines of cover for each client they had. Our average would be closer to 4 or 5. And so, that’s were we think the opportunity is for them to expand the relationship with clients. Now remember each of those clients if they have two lines is buying insurance from a broker agent somewhere else as well. So, you are right there is going to be a bit of a battle, but we like our odds.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay that’s very helpful. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Farrell with Fox-Pitt Kelton, please state your question.
Dan Farrell – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning.
Douglas Howell: Dan, how are you?
Dan Farrell – Fox-Pitt Kelton : Good, good. I was wondering if you could give a little more clarity on the economic drag and particularly the decline in unit exposure. Could you put some numbers around that? How much of a headwind that is are we talking 5%, 7%. And then also did this quarter reflect year-end audits and the audits of the insignificant exposures and is there any unusual true-up in that? Should we think about this as a run rate level for unit exposure as we head into 2009?
Douglas Howell: Well I think when we look at our units, the real question is how much of our negative organic growth was as a result of units going backwards versus how much was as a result of rate. And I think the second piece of your question was what have we seen in terms of refund? Did I get that right Dan?
Dan Farrell – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Yeah. That's great.
Douglas Howell: On the refund side, I just answered. I think that our reserve for that is where it needs to be right now, but will see how it develops with respect to how much was backwards because of rate versus unit. I think three quarters of the decrease was as a result of unit or exposure shrinkage and I think the other quarter is as a result of rates.
Dan Farrell – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Ruskin with Temujin Asset Management. Please state your question.
Kenneth Ruskin – Temujin Asset Management: Hi. I just wanted to look into the understanding the brokerage segment margins a bit better and just adjusting for the adjustments that you layout on the table, you get to around [250] basis point decrease in EBITDA margins and if organic growth was down around 4%, that sort of implies a full decremental margin or so you basically all those revenues impacted earnings by an equivalent amounts. So, I just wonder as the why you want to seamless of a margin decline with the 4% organic growth decline?
Douglas Howell: Yeah. Here that's a good question. I think that we are at the point now where when you have unit exposure going backwards and rates going backwards, remember our teams have to do the same amount of work in order to service that policy whether it’s got $50,000 SIR. It got a $100,000 or $200,000 SIR. So the amount of work going into making the placement is basically the same amount of work at just we're giving less premiums and less commission on that policy because they are buying, actual policy premiums are less. So you are going to see when you get into a situation where you got negative organic growth of 4%, a big piece of that’s going to hit the bottom line. We don’t pay the producer about 20% of that numbers. So you get a little bit of an offset there, but also contributing to that decline was a lack of investment income. Again going back to what I said earlier, we lost about $5 million in the quarter from lesser investment income than we would have had in prior years because of a decrease in rates and the fact that we put all of our money in safety resident yielding accounts. So, you are seeing to gearing there. When organic goes backwards this is going to hit the bottom line, $0.80 on the dollar and in the lost investment income is what makes up the difference.
Kenneth Ruskin – Temujin Asset Management: Okay, the investment that comes in that makes sense, so I guess isn’t it in there for this quarter. The savings, the $25 million to $30 million, can you just help me understand whether that is incremental in ’09 or because you’ve been working on some of this for a while it hits in ’08 as well?
Douglas Howell: I think that number is meant to be incremental in ’09.
Kenneth Ruskin – Temujin Asset Management: Okay, and that’s shows up what kind of run rate this will take a law for that’s to start showing up or is it going to be in Q1 start to show up for the full run rate?
Douglas Howell: Pretty close to full run rate in Q1, maybe slightly secured just a little bit but not much. We figured, took the average of the $228 million at $7 million a quarter maybe you will get, I’m just saying that its illustrating $5 million to $6 million in the first quarter and you will get $8 million or more in the fourth quarter. But you can see it’s pretty much so a flat emergence versus the wedge emergence.
Kenneth Ruskin - Temujin Asset Management: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Billingsley with Signal Hill. Please state your question.
Kenneth Billingsley – Signal Hill Group LLC.: Hi, good morning. Just one question on your Liberty acquisition. Are you going to be able to receive contingence on that business for the next two to three years?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Ken, we do not take contingent commissions at this point, which is our agreement with the Attorney General in Illinois. However, the Attorney Generals have agreed that we can participate in what are called guaranteed supplemental commissions and we will negotiate an arrangement such as that with Liberty.
Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group LLC.: Okay, so, you hadn’t signed on, I believe I thought there was a change where they were, some of the larger guys were accepting contingent on only acquired businesses for two or three years?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: That’s correct Ken. We are allowed when we acquire company continue to take their contingence for a period of three years.
Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group LLC: Okay,
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: But this is a renewal rates situation. It’s not a growing concern acquisition and so this will be negotiated as a guaranteed supplemental arrangement. And the good news about that Ken is that a guaranteed supplemental arrangement will go on beyond three years. 
Kenneth Billingsley – Signal Hill Group LLC.:  Very good. And in the past you had made comments that when you talk to customers and your clients that you really didn’t care how you got paid whether it was brokerage or agency basis. With the way the market is going now are you seeing any change there. Are you still able to make that push and what are you going to do if rates do actually raise in 2009 will that negatively impact you?
Patrick Gallagher Jr.: Well I mean I think that those clients who’ve chosen to pay us on a fee, we will not see the typical rise in compensation that goes with commission income in a tightening market. And that equates to about 25% of our property cash lead retail commission and a probably similar amount well it’s actually a little higher probably in the benefit side. So when rates go up we will have probably something on the order of 70% to 75% of our book of business that will actually be subject to the increasing rates. You raise a good point in that we are in fact transparent and I think there will be tougher discussions with our production force by clients especially if this hits while the recession is still strong. We are set to see how that goes. But the push to increase our compensation by asking our clients to make as whole with fees in addition to commissions has slowed dramatically in this economy.
Kenneth Billingsley – Signal Hill Group LLC.: Yeah thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alison Jacobowitz with Bank of America - Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I just figured. I get an updated view on the dividend and how you are thinking about that these days?
Douglas Howell: Well as you saw Alison, just last week we had our Board Meeting and declared the dividend at the same level for our next path and the January meeting is when we go over our capital plan with the board for the year, so where we stand today, we receive no reason to reduce the dividend and we're slowing the cash used in our acquisitions, would be in very cautious in our capital planning and then we'll work it very hard on our expenses. We're in unprecedented times but the board just reviewed where we stand and is comfortable with it. 
Alison Jacobowitz – Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Douglas Howell: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus, please state your question.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. : Thanks. Can you talk a little bit about how clients are increasing their retention? Are you seeing any additional claim flow in risk management from that trend?
Douglas Howell: No. Because the size of the retention doesn’t really have much to do with the number of claims.
Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference back over to Patrick Gallagher for closing comments.
Patrick Gallagher:  Yeah, just a few quick comments. Thank you Diego. Thank you everyone for being here. Look I've said we were disappointed in our results. We plan at Gallagher for growth every single quarter, every year. However, I don’t think anyone on this call would doubt that we’re in unprecedented times and these have created an unbelievable headwind. So in 2009 we are focussed on watching our costs and looking for every opportunity to save more. And I stayed very focussed on producing new business. We’re a sales and marketing company. We are also going to focus on taking good care of our customers if they are feeling pain and we are in business to serve them. We are going to continue to add merger and acquisition partners because we think there will be great opportunities there and we offer our new partners great opportunities to grow and prosper. And it’s all these activities that will get us through this tough time. And those who come through these times are going to excel in the next upturn, and we intend to be one of the stronger players when the opportunity arises.  Thank you for being with us today and we look forward to talking to you after the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you, all for you participation. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and CEO Douglas K. Howell - Corporate VP and CFO
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Daniel Farrell - Fox-Pitt, Kelton Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Company Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will be opened for questions following the presentation. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to hand the floor over to your host J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Sir, the floor is yours.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. We appreciate you being here. This morning I am joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer; Walt Bay, our General Counsel as well as the heads of our operating divisions. I think it's clear, we all know what's happening in the financial markets. I have to say that I am feeling very blesses to be in this business. I can tell you one thing is for sure and that is clients will continue to buy their insurance. So I won't spend any time on the financial markets, I'll just instead jump right into what's happening in our market and I'd like to start with our Brokerage segment. We continue to fight the headwinds of rate reduction. You can see that in our results. Rates in the quarter according to the Council of Insurance Agents and Broker Survey, we're off again about 11% in the commercial market. But even with that continuing softening, our results EBITDA up 11%, EPS up 9% margins holding steady. And we think these are very good results given the environment. Holding our margins steady, growing revenues 8% in the phase of negative organic growth of 2%, I believe shows that our strategies are working. We've closed 28 acquisitions this year for almost $100 million of revenue and we believe that we will continue in the fourth quarter. Our pipeline, frankly this has never been better. Also think about our position. Presently, there are only two publicly traded strategic buyers with an appetite for the deals the size that we are doing. We believe that there are 18,000 to 20,000 agencies in America. Most of them are run by Baby Boomers. Eventually, they have to capitalize their life's worth. I am exited by the teams that have joined us and I want to again thank each of them for joining our company. In every instance they had a choice to be with Gallagher or someone else and chose us and we are proud of that. Now let me address some of the components of the Brokerage segment. The retail PC market is tough, but our management team has expanded well to this environment. We have a wise group on headcount and personal replacement, we are scrutinizing every expense and watching our costs, yet we continue to invest in production channel. Our domestic wholesaling and MGA business are performing well overall. Our domestic open market wholesaling, this is where we place, hard to place accounts for various agents and brokers in the marketplace, this business is down as I would expect it to be. As you know, this business by its nature floats with market rates, on the hand our MGAs those are underwriting operations are performing incredibly well. Our international wholesaling business, primarily in London has continued to expand globally and we see good revenue and profit growth there, pardon me. We completed an acquisition of an MGA in London. End of the quarter, we took a minority position in the retail broker in Western Australia. Our benefits business is a real highlight. This continues to be our strongest growth business in the group. We are seeing organic growth in this business and our acquisitions continue to add revenue and pre-tax monthly. We continue to believe the employer will play a key roll in the benefits business under either of the McCain or Obama benefit plans. Remember, we're also building product offerings that go way beyond just health and welfare. 2008 is going to be another great for our benefits team. Let me turn now to the Risk Management segment. Although revenue grew 8%, claim counts from our existing businesses, existing clients went down again in the quarter. The soft market makes new business sales tough, but client retention has been excellent. When claim counts go down on existing renewals, we feel the pressure on our margin. Remember, margins were also impacted by foreign exchange, our fastest growing parts of the segment is international, so as we grow and currencies fall, we actually we build a bigger headwind for ourselves. It's a very labor intensive business that continues to be impacted by the soft market. The market continues to soften and as I've said before we have a Soft Market Play Book that we are following very closely. Our fundamentals strategy continues to be number one cost control. We're watching all expenses, mergers and acquisitions number two and number three hiring production challenge. When I look at our business, I really don't see any surprises we've to continue to focus and execute. While the market continues to soften, there are some interesting to statistics for the developing. One report said third quarter property and casualty combined loss and expense ratios are approaching 116% including catastrophes. Another report projects that 8% or some $42 billion of surplus would come out of the PC industry in the third quarter and could decline by 15% or $80 billion by year end if investments don't recover. Hurricane Ike is turning is in losses by exceeding most estimates. Product [ph] cost continue to rise, the economy is in trouble, investments will be marked down and we're seen unprecedented layoffs which sometimes can result in a higher number of work comp plans. So, we're in the pretty interesting part of the cycle. As I said no surprises at Gallagher, we have a strong balance sheet, strong cash flow, a great dividend, our strategic position is better than ever and I continue to be very, very bullish on our business. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Today, I have six comments. First, a couple of quick housekeeping items. We are going to file our 10-Q later this week and don't forget that on our website we have a five year quarterly spread that helps you see trends and seasonality that's usefully build your models. Let's jump into some comments on the Financial Services & Corporate segment. As you can see, there are many ins and outs this quarter, but here is the short kind of way to think about it. Interest expense was about $0.05 and normal administrative and overhead cost in this segment run about a $0.01 a share. So abnormal quarter will be about $0.06 of loss. But in this quarter we took some further actions to wrap up many of our historical investments and those wrap up activities cost us about $0.04 a share. But overall, we made some very nice headway there. Then, we also put several federal and state tax matters behind us, which gave us about a net $0.08 of income. So as you read the narrative, here is the simple math. $0.06 of loss from normal interest and administrative expenses, $0.04 of loss related to wrapping up many of our investments and then an offset of $0.08 of income from tax matters. That gets you to the reported $0.02 of loss in this segment. And since we're talking about taxes, let me go to my third point. I still get a few questions on how to model additional cash flows from realizing our deferred tax assets. The shortcut answer, I'd given before is for you to just compute what you think we'll pay in taxes, your normal way when you do your cash flows, then reduce your estimate by about $30 million to $40 million for each of the next five to six years. Fourth, we had another great M&A quarter. These are terrific new partners who are outstanding insurance professionals. Most of these fall right into our sweet spot of doing deal that have between $2 million and $10 million of revenues. Given the state of the credit markets, we intend on using more stock to fund our acquisitions in the next few months. At the same time, we are tightening terms and conditions as we partner with those rational sellers that understand that in today's world, EBIT and multiples are following. Sellers if they choose can hold our stock and read the benefits then multiples improve. Fifth, through mid October, back-office attrition in our Brokerage units has allowed us to reduce staff by about 140 people. We made little progress this quarter because attrition is down dramatically. Clearly, this is an indication of the countries weak economy. Accordingly, our efforts to reduce staff will stretch well into the first half of 2009. In addition, if attrition doesn't increase, we will look at some targeted out placements to reach our goal. We remain confident that the new tools, the new technology and new techniques that we developed will help reduce our staff, yet still improve our client service levels. Sixth, I told you before that many of our expense saving initiatives are bearing fruit. But it's too bad that the soft market is masking the hard work of our team. That said, given the state of the economy, we are looking for new ways to post strong [ph] and eliminate cost. These efforts are simply prudent, preventive pressures in touch economic times. Our cash flows remain strong, we remain confident in our business model. We have confidence in our management team and we believe we can navigate these troubled times that are all around us. These cost containment exercises are simply added assurance to keep Gallagher strong, Okay Pat, those are my comments. Back to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Doug, Brandy, we are ready for questions, if you are, would you open the lines please? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Keith Walsh of Citi. Please state your question.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Good morning everybody and thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: I guess first for Doug. Just on pension expense. Obviously, with the decline in planned assets we've seen, I'm assuming year-to-date and probably higher discount rates. I know that these assumptions are set on December 31st, but if you can just give us a little color incremental GAAP pension expense, how that's going to change for you guys, if the year ended today and then I have follow up fro Pat. Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: First, to step the stage. We frozen our plan, you recall three years ago and so we have frozen plan. The assets in that plan, well refunded last year. They are slightly under funded this year. We think it'll drive between $2 million and $3 million of additional expense into '09 numbers compared to our '08 numbers.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Great. Okay, so for pretty modest headwind there.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: And then I just for Pat. Lots of talk about pricing going on. Okay, just what's your take, what's the reality of this on 10.1 renewals and what do you think about 1.1 renewals and any color that you're seeing out there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks. We are not seeing that Keith. Certain areas of the market, heavy marine that type of things that was really hit by Ike, you might see some pricing improvement there, but by and large where we play the pricing is still going down and was going down at 10.1. As for first of the year, my crystal ball would more the same.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Okay and do you think that's something that's just maybe more geared towards where you guys play in the market relative to maybe some of other, maybe larger brokers out there or is that something just overall you are seeing?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's overall. I think we are all playing in the same... in the same playing field.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Please state your question.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks good morning everybody. Pat --
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, how are you?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I am doing okay, how are you?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Can you talk a little bit about how you see AIG scenario, not in terms of what happens at the company, but how is that impacting business and maybe commission levels or from the brokers standpoint?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously for a period of about three weeks, it was significant impact on our people. Our clients were very, very concerned, especially as the news was coming out, that week before the long from federal government days before. Every single client was calling in, our brokers were trying to do everything they could to communicate them. I think that AIG did a very good job of communicating though their broker network, through their clients in terms of what was going on. When the loans were solidified, I think that took a lot of pressure up. And also I have to say that these state regulators both in New York and Illinois spend a lot of time and effort. If you go to our website, in fact you can click on a listen to the Illinois Director of Insurance, Michael Machette, who did a conference call for our people and our clients. And I think they really calm the waters as best they could, relative to what's happening there. The rating agencies continue to be solidly behind the insuring enterprises of AIG, but to say that it's... it has caused some real consternation in the market and AIG is our biggest trading partner and they're doing everything they can weather the storm, but it's difficult.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. You don't see it presenting a particular challenges or opportunities for 2009, do you?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I really don't. I think that what it's going to so, it will create a lot more work as we do. Everything we can communicate with our clients as what the ongoing situation is there.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay that's helpful, second, in terms quickly to benefits. You talked a little bit about how employment picture is probably going to get worst and its implications on potential workers compensation, say in volume, how they are going to affect benefits of revenue growth?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's real simple, Meyer. If we are in a deep recession and people start letting people go, as you know all benefits is predicated on employee counts and that's just going to be... it will headwind for us for sure.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, you just headcount for that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We will, absolutely.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Dan Farrell with FPK. Please state your question.
Daniel Farrell - Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Farrell - Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Can you talk a little bit about the performance of the acquisition over 12 months, maybe just some prior comments on the growth of those and revenues there, versus decrease in book [ph] and then also maybe the margin impact from the acquisitions, given the significant activity?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I will let Doug talk about the margins and we're very, very happy with the deals we've done over the last two years. And I'd go back three, four years we have to deals and every six months we take our Board through a reflection of what are the internal rate of returns on each deal as they go forward and as you can deal, I am sure you are aware that as the season that becomes a better number. But, I think we're buying really terrific units. And as I've said many times, the due diligence on an acquisition, 95% of the due diligence is on the people. Are we going to get along, are excited, are there things that we're going to bring to the table. We're not downsizing and rightsizing these things. We're trying to be additive, we're trying to help them recruit production talent, get in the niches that we are and bring certain benefit programs to them that they wouldn't be able to solve themselves. So across each division it's doing acquisitions every time, we do and we're hoping that one plus one is going to equal five. And I have to tell you that some of the people would have joined us this year. And I get comments from the field from our competitors many, many times during the year. I was surprised that so and so sold their business and congratulation you got a great operation. And those things are proving out. Doug, you want to comment on the numbers?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think overall the comment is good. I think that it's better on, the ones that we, the real true tuck-ins where we can roll them into shop [ph] and they join our teams and they start working with our staff and have done outstanding. They simply are tremendous financial wins for us. And ones that are standalone, obviously they are suffering from the same pressures that we are, but I wouldn't say it's any different. There are five in a headwind of the soft market, but their teams are turned down and we are not having lots of early accepts from people baling out. So overall, we are pleased with the margins they are contributing, and I would say it's no different than in the past.
Daniel Farrell - Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Can you refresh us roughly on the mix of cash and stock that you were using for deals and where that mix goes to?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, historically in 2007 and early 2008 we are using almost a 100% cash and throughout the mid part of 2008, we are going to more like 60% cash and 40% stock on a blended basis. And now we are going to favor stock a little bit more, as we go into early part of next year. Again, multiples need to be come down in terms of what we are paying. We are working on that and if the sellers want to participate in there, in the recovery of the multiple, they will have the opportunity to do that by holding our stock. There is no for prohibition for them selling them right after they get it, but if they want to right up as brokers recover, moving into a hard market they have that opportunity to do that with our stock.
Daniel Farrell - Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Great, thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: A couple of questions. Did you provide... you often do the trailing amount of acquired revenue during the quarter?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, what we have as we say that we bought $41 million worth of annualized revenue.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: That's what I meant.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's on a base of... it's in the bottom of face and another information on face of the press release.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: I am sorry, I missed it.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's alright.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Second question, within the risk management unit what portion of that revenue is foreign or FX exposed as compared to the domestic portion?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 15%.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: 15, one five?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay and I guess you have noted in the past that's the growing portion. Is that... is the growth both UK and Australia or is there... are other components to that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No it's UK and Australia, both operations are doing very well.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. You'd commented on a prior question in terms of just your words, you are sort of doing a whole lot more work related to AIG related quotes and to servicing your customers during a difficult segment. Is there an actual cost to your business related to that or you are really just leveraging the telephones and people that already have in place?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are basically leveraging the telephones and people we have in place. It's just adds to the work load, that's all.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: And there is not anything unusual for us, and we have other carriers that have run into problems, our brokers are there and that's what they do, when there's disruption in the carrier marketplace, our brokers understand the program, they understand who will build to pick it up. And all those sit down and talk to our clients about staying where they are. So this not an unusual behavior for our brokers out there.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, last question. On couple of prior conference calls, we talked about some changes or something's that maybe in the works with respect to contingent commissions, you heard any update related to that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think Mark we, the State of New York held hearings, on the subject over the summer. And we've really heard nothing from those hearings in terms of a change or an affirmation of the status call. I've been very verbal, I've been very public about the fact that I think it's important to have two sets of rules, a few regulators. I don't know how they justify that. So make the rules one way or the other. We can play by whatever the rule book is, but having two sets of rules is just, it just doesn't make any sense at all. And I think that's what New York is looking at.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Very good. Thanks for your help.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Marrer [ph] of Lord Abbett.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jason [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Just question on AIG, do you guys view even though like you have been saying it's important to get out there and stay in front of people and communicate what's going on. Is any potential of dislocation or movement towards others beneficial to you guys or is it just kind of out of one into the other, so to speak?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The out of one pocket into the other.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Great. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. for any closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Brandy. I will make just a clearly brief couple of remarks here. Let me reiterate that I really think that this quarter shows that even in a soft market, our strategies [ph] are going to be sound. The brokers business, EBIT is up 11%, our EPS is up 9%, our margins are holding. So, as we go forward there's going to be five things we continue to focus on. One, we are going to maintain a conservative balance sheet. Two, we are going to continue roll-in acquisitions, our pipeline is terrific. Three, we are going to watch our costs. We understand it's time to be fugal. Number four, we are going to constantly recruit producers that we believe can sell. And fifth, we are going to continue to focus on maintaining our unique culture. We really do think we building a unique company and we see a bright future. So thank you for being with us this morning. We really appreciate it. That's it.
Operator: Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Company Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your lines will open for questions following the presentation. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during the conference call, including answers given in response to questions, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. Those forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in the company's report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to hand the floor over to your host J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher. Sir, the floor is yours.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you very much Judith. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter conference call. We appreciate you being with us today. This morning I am joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, Walt Bay our General Counselor as well as the division heads that run our operating businesses. I'll add some color to the quarter, then Doug will add some comments, and we'll get pretty quickly to questions-and-answers. I think it is no secret to anyone who is doing any kind of business out there today that is tough, you just can't pick up a newspaper without reading about a company or an industry that's in dire straits. When I see what's going on in the global credit markets, or the airline business, the automobile business or home building business, many of those by the way are clients of ours, its really, really difficult. So when I look at the environment, and I step back and I think about how we performed? I think we did well in the quarter. Revenue grew 6 %, EBITDA grew 8%, net earnings grew 9%, and we had one point of margin improvement in the Brokerage segment. And that's pretty good, facing the difficulty we are in the marketplace. Let me get into the individual segments. Our Brokerage segment was really a mix of varying results. Over the years, we built the Brokerage segment and we're lucky, I think to build a balance, we have in our PC retail business, we have our benefits retail business, our wholesaling and our MGAs and MGUs. Our retail benefits operation, you will recall had a fantastic 2007, and our momentum is continuing to build nicely though the first half of 2008. We will have another very, very strong growth yield and benefits this year. Another bright spot in the segment was our wholesaling in MGA business. Surprisingly, even in this soft market, our open market wholesale group was essentially flat in revenue and in pre-tax. The MGA and program business, we received underwriting profit sharing bonuses that lifted all of our wholesaling operations to actual growth over prior year. Our retail PC operations had a tough quarter and a tough first half. Year-to-date, we're slightly ahead of last year in revenues but we're essentially flat in EBITDA. The market is just unbelievably competitive. The Counsel of insurance agents and brokers does a survey, that I know most of you are aware of every quarter. In the last survey, 77% of the respondents said that they felt the market was down 10% to 20%. 12% of the respondents said that they felt the market was down 20% to 30%. And I will give you too many illustrations and too many details on by line of coverage we'll have you. Let me just given you one illustration. Even we're finding in ... even in catastrophe exposed areas, places that are exposed to wind and earthquake. Large accounts, I am talking multi-billion dollar schedules that need virtually the entire property market to complete, are down 20% this year. It's unbelievable slide. And to the rate deterioration, the fact that the economy is slowing, virtually every sector we worked in with the exception of oil and gas is slowing. Construction and infrastructure projects continues but other than that, there is very little construction. Our clients are really, really being challenged in this business environment. So that said the business we've achieved in our Brokerage segment, I think served us well in the quarter in the first half, and frankly showing growth in this environment, seen with a lot of really hard work in the field, I am proud of what the people have accomplished out there. Let me turn to the merger and acquisition front. We are off to our best start in our history. We've done 20 deals and remember last year we did 21 all in, for $58 million in revenues so far this year. And we're going to continue to aggressively build our company with new partners. You can also see 20 deals averaging $3 million per deal in terms of revenue, this is closed to an organic hiring strategy as we can get so called acquisitions. These new partners are choosing Gallagher because they believe they and their colleagues will have great opportunities to prosper and grow with Gallagher. We welcome our new partners, and as I say every quarter, thank you, we are proud you chose to join us. I would like to make a comment on the state of New York's hearings, over the past few weeks, on the contingent commission issue. I personally have been very, very vocal on this issue. I think dual regulation, once set of rules for one group, and a different set for another, is totally unfair. I applaud New York for opening up this topic to industry wide discussion. As I've said very often, the issue simply should be transparency. Complete open discussion with clients on our remuneration. Once you are transparent, and the client decides how to pay you, then any form of compensation is appropriate. I hope that New York levels of playing field we should all have to play by the same rules. Let me turn now to the Risk Management segment. Our Risk Management segment, is also been being slowed by market forces. I'll focus on three specific areas; the soft market and PC in the property/casualty business, our existing client claim count growth and the economy. As for the soft market, when the market is soft there is just fewer opportunities to move people to self insurance or what we refer to as the alternative market. People tend to stay put and first all the coverage. Re-bundling also occurs, that is deter when they cheat clients or actually get them to re-bundle their claim service by operating cheaper premiums. Or just in clients claim counts are not growing. We need our existing clients businesses to grow. Expanding employment usually causes claim counts to go up and this just we are just not seen this happen. We're not seen the frequency of claims arising that we expected. Our client safety and loss control efforts are creating safer work environments, and frankly this is a good thing, its good for our clients and its good for the employees. The economy is clearly starting to hurt us. All employers are seem to be cutting back, fewer people moving, fewer new hires, all this adds up to a tough environment to grow Gallagher Bassett which is a very labor intensive business. A bright spot for Gallagher Bassett is their international boom. International is up 26% in the quarter. We now have 500 people, about 500 people in Australia and tremendous growth opportunities there. In UK we have about 200 people, and now over 50% of our UK business is coming from commercial accounts. You'll recall, just a few years ago, virtually all Gallagher Bassett's UK business was related to the public sector. So as I said our comments will be brief, let me just kind of summarize. Soft market, slow economy, those are headwinds, but I step back from the second quarter and especially when I concentrate on the brokerage unit I see a 11% growth in EBITDA, 11% growth in EPS, a one point margin improvement, I think that's good. Those are respectable results. Also note on a combined basis, in our core operating businesses, that's Brokerage segment and Risk Management together, we had a record quarter in earnings and in EBITDA and in fact, this is our largest EBITDA quarter ever. Our niches are growing. Our new sales are strong, retention is good. I am very proud of our sales culture. I am proud of the work that our sales people do every day to getting out and getting after new businesses and holding on to clients. Everyone at Gallagher understands that we are sales and marketing company. We are proud of that. Everyone understands that our clients come first. Everyone understands that nothing happens to when we win the cash register, that's a very important part of our culture. Our internship was a big success this summer. We had over 170 college interns who really energized the company. My dad started this program 40 years ago. Last three to four years, we've had over a 150 interns participate per year. This is a big part of our commitment to our future. Organic recruiting for production channel was good globally, London, California, New York, Chicago and others, all put some nice season talent there and finally mergers and acquisitions are coming at a record rate, and our pipeline is the best in serving them. So we do continue to fight the market forces, there is no getting on that, but I am pleased to show growth in the quarter and I believe we'll show growth for the year. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks Pat, and good morning everyone. Today I have seven comments. First, let's go back to our merger and acquisition activity. Now clearly the number of deals is increasing but we're still at manageable levels. Remember, I was thinking to netting [ph] by doing deals with brokers that have between $2 million and $10 million of revenue, right now a sweet spot. In terms of integration, these deals are being spread across our four brokerage units: domestic PMC, domestic employee benefits, domestic wholesaling and our London based International unit. Each unit has their own deal makers and integration support. These deals are quality shops and are run by solid brokers that have developed a culture in their offices that is the terrific match with our sales and service culture. All of these points help us joint forces and integrate quickly. For my second point, a few comments on funding acquisitions. If our current pace continues, we will likely supplement internally generated cash with long-term borrowings and common stock. So your model assume robust acquisition activity, just assume that we will use about one third internally generated cash, one third long term borrowings, and one third common stock. A blend of these three sources should allow us to fund acquisitions well into the future. In connection with using more common stock, it is time for us to update our shelf registration. Accordingly, after we file our 10-Q, we intend on filing an S-4 to register 10 million shares of common stock that can be used for acquisitions over the coming years. My third point is an update on our head count reduction and expense saving initiatives. Through mid-July back office attrition in our brokerage units have allowed us to contract staffing by about 150 people and we are on pace to reduce our back office headcount by about 400 by the end of the 2008 or early 2009. In addition, during the second quarter we completed the roll-out, of our new perquisite and out-of-pocket travel and entertainment expense programs in all of our units. A large portion of our Brokerage segment is 1.1 point improvement in EBITDA margin is as a result of these initiatives. For my fourth point, a short update on our other operational improvement initiatives. Most of you know that we continue to invest substantial time, energy and resources, into improving the quality, and reducing the cost of our systems and operations. These projects are moving along very nicely, and I am pleased with our progress. This quarter let me give you one example of how these longer term projects can deliver important payback. In 2004 and 2005, we invested heavily in our policy review, and policy issuance work flows within our brokerage units. Since then, as a direct results of this improvement exercise, our E&L expense has improved dramatically, both in terms of frequency and severity and in total cost. Most satisfying, we are being told by E&L markets that our client service levels and professionalism is producing the best experience they've seen in our industry. This is a great accomplishment by our field, our producers, our client service folks and a win-win for our clients and our shareholders. My fifth point relates to our Financial Services segment. Remember, that all of our Section 29 tax projects cease to operate in December 31, 2007 and most all of the post production matters have been wind down in the last six months. We only have a couple of partnerships left to dissolve and we should tie it that up here in the next few months. So our Financial Services segment continues to evolve into a corporate segment that will house our remaining investments and investment income. Our debt and interest expense, and annually it'll absorb about $46 million of expenses related to managing these items, our income taxes and our corporate related activities. For my sixth point, remember that we have a substantial deferred tax asset that we'll be realizing over the coming years. When you do your future cash flow models, compute what we think we pay in taxes, then you reduce your estimate by about $30 to $40 million for each of the next five to six years; that way your models will reflect an estimate of the cash flows coming in from the realization of deferred tax asset. My seventh and last point is just a few housekeeping items. We intend on filing our 10-Q later this week, and shortly thereafter we will file our S-4 shelf registration. Also don't forget that our website has a downloadable five year quarterly spread that helps you see trends and seasonality, and I think we think that's useful as you build your annual and quarterly models. Okay, Pat. Those are my comments. Back to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Judith, if you would go to questions and answers, we would appreciate it. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Keith Walsh of Citi. Please go ahead.
Keith Walsh: Hey, good morning everybody.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning Keith.
Keith Walsh: First question is for Doug on brokerage. As your EBITDA margin up under 10 bits [ph] but gross margin actually flat. Maybe if you can give us some color on why depreciation and amortization rate increased year-over-year and then I have got a follow-up for Pat?
Douglas K. Howell: While amortization is going to increase year-over-year because of the deals that we're putting on, if you remember we're amortizing about 60% to 70% of the purchase price that of acquired entities. So we are... that's the piece and as for depreciation, most of the additional depreciation is coming from our system initiative that we put in place. We spend about $10 million on that over the last year and half and that depreciates pretty rapidly.
Keith Walsh: Okay, great. And then, I guess the second question for Pat, it sort of relates to Doug's comment on issuing stock for robust M&A for assuming that miles going forward. And just on dividend philosophy, I mean I see your pay-out ratio has expanded very shortly over the last five years, and this mix means for you have slow internal growth prospects. If you could comment on that and then just, may be comment on why wouldn't shareholders be better served using this cash to grow commissions and fees through M&A versus dividend? Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I'll let Doug pile in as well Keith, but I think if you look at our dividend distribution history, we've essentially returned to shareholders either through stock buybacks or dividends. About a third of our free cash year and we did that we brought the dividend up at a time prior to the Attorney General's efforts to eliminate contingent commissions. So we probably ran a little bit ahead of what would be the norm in terms of paying out something in the order 50% of our EBITDA. So you'll see that dividend increases have essentially been about a penny a quarter for the last couple of years. So we've going to slow the increase there, but we believe very strongly in keeping the dividends solid and maintaining that dividend, in terms of how our stockholders get serve and offers a very nice return I think, while they wait around for an explosion in the market. Doug, you want to comment on that?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think what Pat said is exactly right. Now we tend to.... historically we return two-thirds of our cash to our clients use dividends or share repurchases...
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Shareholders.
Douglas K. Howell: Shareholders, I am sorry. And so we just made a decision a few years ago that we'll more heavily weight on dividends than we would on share repurchases. I think we are comfortable with that level. I think it does provide a meaningful return to our shareholders wait for the hard market to return. So I think that it still leaves us plenty of capacity to move forward. We were under leveraged, and then we feel it's a good use of our cash flow shareholders.
Keith Walsh: And just a follow-up on that, and I think about return on cash. With the way the market has changed, it seems you guys are doing a great job on the M&A front. Wouldn't it be better, wouldn't you get a better return on your dollar, doing more acquisitions than dividends necessarily. I mean don't think in the environment change can you change your philosophy with it I guess is the question?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure we could. But we just are reluctant not to do that at this point.
Douglas K. Howell: Well I think we've been... I have been very vocal with shareholders. I have been asked this many, many times so I will just Pat... as to whether or not that dividend is safe, and my answer has been from the very beginning, the answers to the question is 'yes'.
Keith Walsh: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dan Farrell of Fox-Pitt Kelton. Please go ahead.
Dan Farrell: Good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning.
Douglas K. Howell: Hi Dan.
Dan Farrell: A couple of questions. Firstly, can you just comment on what you're seeing on pricing of deals currently. And then, secondly you've had the increase to leverage to fund some of these deals. I think you had around 40%, 41% debt to cap. What level of leverage are you comfortable with if you can continue to have pretty active M&A in terms of debt cap or debt to EBITDA or whatever measure you can quantify?
Douglas K. Howell: Dan,first of all we have been paying six times EBITDA for our deals, plus or minus a little bit from that, maybe more like 6.3 times EBITDA. So... and that's been fairly consistent over the last couple of years. We're seeing totaling in there but we're seeing a slight drop and that's nothing that I consider it to be meaningful at this point. In terms of what do we feel comfort on leverage, when we get around two times EBITDA, that's about... that's when we start looking at using common stocks or two times EBITDA. I think that we've got some debt capacity there.
Dan Farrell: Okay, and then just one additional question. Can you talk a little bit about efforts on the supplemental commission front, and I don't know if you could quantify how much is falling through results this quarter versus said a year ago or anything you can add there?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well I could say to illustrate that. The efforts have been....we worked very, very hard since we made our deal with the Attorney General, on getting supplemental commissions from our insurance company partners, and I will tell you that they we're very, very careful to disclose each and everyone of them. In terms of... it's difficult for me to give you the dollar amount and probably of the reason is some of these arrangements are paid literally account-by-account at the underwriting desk. We do have some that are paid at the corporate level. In terms of what we've kind of in a percentage bases recovered, we gave up about $30 million in contingent income, call it $27 to $30 million after the two... in the 2004 settlement. I think that it would be fair to say that we're probably somewhere on the order on an annualized basis of getting a third to that ... maybe a half of it back.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And Dan just quarter-over-quarter doesn't have any impact on our growth numbers.
Dan Farrell: Okay. Great, thanks. That was helpful.
Douglas K. Howell: Okay, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good morning all.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning Meyer.
Meyer Shields: I guess relative to the three largest brokers, you have a much larger domestic presence of the percentage of revenues, are you looking at all at international expansion into markets where the economies are growing more rapidly?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: That's a great question and the answer to that is yes. We will be very cautious, but last year for instance, we did a deal where we picked up 40% of the largest broker in Jamaica and Barbados. It's a really nice deal because we've been able to be very additive to their business, the niches and whatever that we bring are benefits capabilities that help them grow there business. And at the same time, we've open a very significant trading relationship with them in our London operation. So there are great synergies there and to your point they are growing faster than the domestic market. We will see efforts to expand in Asia, probably Australia, some of the emerging markets of Europe, and I think you will see those and Singapore as well. I think you'll see that expansion again. It will be cautious, it will be partners that we know and it will have to have synergies for our London and domestic operations as well. But we have good opportunities there.
Meyer Shields: That's good to hear. And switching gears to head count, should we expect the head count reduction within Risk Management, if head counts are going to be depressed by the economy?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Would you say that again there?
Meyer Shields: I am sorry. Within Risk Management, should we expect head count reductions if claim counts are expected to be depressed by the economy?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: If the actual claim counts were to go down then yes, we would expect head count reductions. But what we're seeing is the existing pipeline in my comments was that existing clients, those are renewing. In order for GB model has really worked. We have to have those existing clients have growth in their claim counts. That's really a big driver, typically, historically of part of our top line revenue. But the new business that Gallagher Bassett is riding does actually... does create additional claim counts. So our claim counts are growing, it is just not growing at the pace we hoped.
Meyer Shields: Okay. But you feel like a staffing is at the right level now?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You know what the truth there... I think I would say we are probably had [ph] over staffed. The problem is that over staffing of that capacity falls into a 100 offices domestically and probably five in the UK and four or five in Australia, and I can go on and get bits of people out of the system.
Meyer Shields: Got it, okay. Thanks so much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Alison Jacobowitz, of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Alison Jacobowitz: Thanks. My connection waved for a second, I just wanted to check on that number you drew out for the Financial Services segment, the $46 million, was that a new number, or is that something we've been including all long?
Douglas K. Howell: $46 million of cost are being shown in the corporate slash Financial Services segment, that's consistent with the last couple of years Alison. So that's just what staying down in that segment, that's the cost of one of our corporate activities, our tax activities, our investment activities, cost associate with running the debt, and that's pretty consistent with where its been for the last few years.
Alison Jacobowitz: And also, what effort that the same point there, there was like static on my line deep [ph], the cash flow discussion you were having, the 30 million, that too was related to the, the synthetic fuel facilities that we've been talking about all along as well, was it?
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, that's the same number. Yes, I think that was an update of the stuff I talked about in the last three or four quarters.
Alison Jacobowitz: Perfect. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks Allison.
Douglas K. Howell: Thanks Alison.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up question coming from Keith Walsh of Citi. Please go ahead.
Keith Walsh: Hi thanks again. Pretty interesting comment before I thought on, how softness in the economy, we know about pricing. I guess, if you can may be give me a little more color behind that, do you have a renewal coming up and like say, a client to your shrunk 10% may be their business is declining, would the insurance program or the amount placement that you are making on their behalf, shrink with that basically, is that like a one-to-one correlation between the two?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: In general terms, Keith, the answer there will be 'yes'. I am very worried about the economy. We have not really seen a full impact for what I think is going out there. And remember all insurance premiums and pricing are predicated on exposure units whether its payroll, sales, the value of your buildings, the new buildings you're putting up, automobiles, adding automobiles and would have you ... and if you come to a renewal and a client says, Look, my payrolls are coming down 10%,immediately their workers compensation premium are down 10%. He says my sales are going down 10% immediately his general liability premiums coming down 10%. So I am really fearful about what that means in terms of headwinds in the future.
Keith Walsh: That's very helpful. And then, just a last question, I guess will this HRH integration, does that present any interesting opportunities for you guys to still some business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I think that we try to unchanged. And so I would hope there will be opportunities there but we are not seeing anything at this point.
Keith Walsh: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Louis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
David Louis: Hi, Good morning Pat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good morning David.
David Louis: A question for you. Markets that also put out a survey that June was the first deceleration and downward pricing trend. I guess down to 11% by their aggregate number, I mean do you see any sense that people are starting to become or the insurers are starting to become little more concern about the likely deterioration in ROEs and maybe we could see some stabilization developed in '09?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Absolutely not. I would tell you that the market is... I would call it, frothy, and I saw that similar a comment on the CAB survey that the look like the rate of decline was slowing. We're feeling... let me put it this way, we're not feeling that.
David Louis: Okay. So your guess is that we're probably and they won't or [ph] kind of throughout you might be see some stabilization at least developed by 2010, I mean what's your gut feel given your experience in the industry?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: David,this is my fourth cycle for soft market. I have been the worse predictor in each cycle. I will give you my prediction but I mean in the last soft market we started in '86 and went to 2001, I kept saying that when we saw a major insurer get into some real trouble then every penny get religion in and we would see some firming. And I don't need to go through the Whitney [ph] of carriers that disappeared through the decade of '86, the 15 years from '86 to 2001, its an unbelievable list of companies that disappeared. Because the disciple, it's almost impossible. It's a supply and demand driven market. So, I do think 2010, when we do our discussions around the table here, we kind of think that its looks like 2010, could be the year. I've heard reports that this year's deterioration in combined loss and expense could be the worst single year deterioration in the history of the industry. We wait to see, they have had two of the greatest underwriting opportunities that two of their most successful years back-to-back since the 50s. So, we just have to wait and see.
David Louis: I understand. Thanks for your thoughts.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up question coming from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, two quick follow-ups. One, is there a rough breakdown on an annual basis, in terms of within brokerage segment, how much is retail, how much is wholesale, and how much is benefit?
Douglas K. Howell: I think that we have given specific numbers down there. But if you really look at the whole unit our retail units are going to comprise 80% and our wholesale units going to comprise 20%.
Meyer Shields: Benefitswould be within retail?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And second, is it safe to take it as a given that if New York, as we call for complete transparency and there is a relaxation of the contingent that even what lying [ph] on to that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I cannot speak for our Attorney General. But let's just say that I will be in the office suggesting that, that would be an appropriate decision.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There appears to be no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to your host for any closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, I have just a very brief wrap up comment. Everyone knows that it's a tough environment out there. In fact, I think it's as toughest as I have ever seen in my career and I mentioned already today that I am proud of the efforts our people are putting in out there. I think our results really are credit to hard work in the field. But as we fight the headwinds of this market and the economy, we are continuing to build our company. And we're going to continue to recruit organically, and we will continue with the help of merger partners to build what I believe is a world class franchise whose whole focus is on our customers and on growing this business which I do believe we'll continue to see in 2008. So thank you for being with us this morning and everybody have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes the teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and CEO Douglas K. Howell - Corporate VP and CFO Richard J. McKenna - Corporate VP; President - Risk Management Operations
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Keith Walsh - Citigroup Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome Arthur J. Gallagher & Company First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. Your line lines will open for questions following the presentation. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. Some of the comments made during this conference call, including answers given is response to questions may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject the certain risks and uncertainties describe in the company's report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. It is now my pleasure to hand the floor to your host J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr., Chairman, President and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Company. Sir the floor is yours.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. Good morning every one and thank you very much for joining us for our first quarter conference call. I am joined this morning Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. I'll make a few comments on the quarter by segment. Doug will have some comments and we will move rather quickly to questions and answers and get to what the things that are you interested in. So let me start with the brokerage segment. Revenue up 11%, EBITDA up 13%, pretax profit up 10%, earnings-per-share up 24%, 1% of that growth was organic. I am pleased with that result. As you know as our first quarter is difficult to compare in many years we don't have a start that's as strong as that. We are also as you all know trading in a very, very competitive market. Given any kind of competition on an account, rates are falling anywhere between 15% and 35% or 40%. In particular, our property/casualty retail business is fighting a very strong market headwind. If rates continue to slide at this pace, it will be tough to grow organically in 2008. But let's remember this is good for our customers. Our brokerage results were helped by a strong quarter for our wholesaling in MGA business. Both the U.S and the U.K contributed to that growth, risk placement services, our U.S wholesale operation had strong results that were aided nicely by our performance bonuses from our MGA activities. Our benefits brokerage and consulting business continue to post strong revenue gains. Our real bright spot for company continues to be our merger and acquisition activity. 11 deals, $31 million in revenue purchased and literally a pipeline with more opportunities than I have ever seen in our history. Remember many of these are small, what we call tuck-in acquisitions that are really as close to organic hiring as you can get. The merger and acquisition activity really is a key strategy for our growth and I really, really like our position. Think about this. We believe that there are 25,000 agencies and brokerage firms across America. We believe that most of those better than 50%, probably better than 70% are run by Baby Boomers; they are my age or slightly older. Ultimately, these people have to do something to capitalize their life's work, they just have to do something and we offer a very, very unique culture. We've been at this for twenty years. We are good at it we believe we are very, very good choice. Our culture is entrepreneurial. We are very sales driven. We are team oriented; niche focused and at the end of the day we are brokerage, run by brokers. We are also not asking these people to come aboard and cut a whole bunch of cost. What we are trying to do is be additive, one plus one can equal five. In essence can we grow faster together than either of us could grow alone? As I said its working, we've got a 20 year history of doing acquisition successfully. The fun thing is that whenever we are talking to a potential partner, we always offer to give them the list of our recent and not so recent deals and we simple say call them, just call them and talk to them. These are smart, great business people who will tell you exactly the good, the bad and the ugly. Our pipeline has never been stronger and when get people calling those passed merger partners, in essence we have merger partners selling others and joining us. We have five people dedicated full time to recruiting pricing and closing deals and I think it's a very exciting strategy and something we're good at. These are difficult times, but the silver lining is our opportunity to convince partners to join us. The new partners expand our talent pool, they expand our geographical footprint and they bring us great new clients that strengthen our niches. I want to welcome all of our new partners and thank them for joining Gallagher. As you all know they did have choice. I was very pleased to complete our Gallagher re-transactions at the beginning of this year. This was actually a series of three transactions: one in the U.S, one on the U.K and one in Singapore. It's never easy to exit a business, but we know that it was the right decision. We can now focus our sales on competing in areas where we have real strengths. We'll continue to put our efforts and investments in places that we know we can win. And we are continuing to invest in our business. We continue to believe this is a great business, think about it. People have to buy insurance every single year. They need us. So as the second quarter gets underway, we're looking forward to the 160 or so interns who will join us, starting in June. Let me turn to the risk management segment. I'm disappointed in our start in the first quarter in this segment. We had okay revenue growth of 9%, but our cost structure get ahead of us a little bit in the quarter. We build a little bit of excess capacity in the field that we will absorb as claim counts rise. Quarterly comparisons in the risk management segment are tough. You have to remember, when claims come in the door, we have the people to handle them. So we are constantly trying to maintain the right balance between how much capacity and how much work. And we'll also point something out. In the first quarter we were off our pre-tax target of 15% by $3.6 million, so we still feel if we can maintain the top-line momentum, we can control expense and we should have a growth here. As I said, this is one tough trading environment. But frankly, I've told our team I expect this to even get tougher. Rates are going to continue to fall, we are in the fourth year of a soft a market and really who knows how long these rate cuts can continue. I believe we are going into our or are in a recession, as our clients start to cut back in sales and payrolls fall will be faced with lower premiums, based on exposure units. Of course the recession will also strain our benefits in our risk management business. So we are pleased to have the first quarter behind us. We just emphasize that this is a very, very difficult and competitive operating environment, but our acquisition pipeline is a bright light which is really robust. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Pat and good morning every one. Today I have six comments. First, a comment about funding our acquisitions. As you can see, during the last couple of quarters, we have been favoring acquisitions over stock repurchases in terms of allocating our free cash. We expect to again favor acquisition over share repurchases though out 2008. Further, because there are opportunities, we might return to using stock in more of our deals. Second, some of you have asked from time to time about our IT platform and its ability to handle our growth. We are nearly finished with a year long project to re-platform our datacenter, our global network and our corporate IT infrastructure. These new platforms make us industrial strength and they can easily handle all of our new applications that I have discussed before. Such as our up and running new financial and human resource applications and the rollout of our new document management systems. In addition, this new platform supports fast and stable workflows with our offshore service centers. In nut shell, these new systems can now easily handle nearly unlimited organic business and hundreds and hundreds of new branch locations. So my third point, a quick update on our headcount reduction and expense savings initiatives that we announced at the end of January. In addition to the reductions associated with a sale of our reinsurance operations through mid April we are down about 70 people, nearly all from attrition. Dollar wise, we didn't see much savings in the first quarter, because most of the heavy activity came later in the quarter, given that we implemented this initiative in late January and there were replacement hirers pending in the pipeline of that time, we are satisfied with these early efforts and we remained focused on reducing our back-office headcount by about 400 people over the course of 2008. On the expense front, we rolled out our new perquisite and out-of-pocket travel and entertainment expense programs in our retail P&C, our wholesale and our corporate units affected March 31st and we expect our retail benefit brokerage and our risk management units to be done by the end of the second quarter. My fourth point relates to our financial services segment. Remember that all of our Section 29 credits, credit projects cease to operate on December 31st 2007. And most of the post production matters have been wound down over the last couple of months. Over the next couple of months, we will settle up on the final cash and dissolve the partnerships. We did not expect these wrap-up matters to have significant financial impact. So other than these wind down activities, you can see there is not much going on in our financial services segment and that continues to evolve into our corporate segment. Going forward, this segment will continue to manage down, to manage down to handle the handful of remaining investment, house our interest expense and absorb about $4 million to $6 million of direct administrative cost associated with managing these investments and corporate overhead allocations. My third point is simply a repeat of what I said in January, but it's an important as you are preparing your cash flow models. At December 31st 2007, we have deferred tax assets associated with our Section 29 tax credit projects, totaling approximately $218 million. This asset will be realized by paying less cash taxes in the future. So when you do your future cash flow models, compute what you think we will pay in taxes than reduce your estimate by about $30 million to $40 million for each of the next five to six years. That way your models will reflect a reasonable estimate of the effective monetization of this deferred tax assets. Also, remember that the monetization of deferred tax assets is not impact of our effective tax rate. Accordingly, like we said in the press release, expect our company-wide tax rates to be in the 39% to 41% range in 2008 and later years. My 6th and last point is that really just a few housekeeping like items. Remember that our first quarter is seasonally our smallest quarter. Note that we intend on filing our 10-Q early next week and hopefully it's helpful that we post a downloadable five year quarterly spread on our website that can help me to see the long return trends and the seasonality as you build your models. Okay Pat, those are my comments. Back to you.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Also, I think we are ready for questions and answers. Questions any way. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good morning
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Pat good to talk to you. On the acquisition analysis guidance that you have given, Doug it sounds like you are saying share counts should trend up over the year that stock used for acquisitions were exceed buyback, is that a fair summation?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Really, what I'm saying is that our pipeline is very full right now. We will use as much cash as we have and then to the extent that we have more opportunity in cash, then we probably favor using some of the... some stock in those deals as we get later in the year.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, so no guidance guiding on share count, just some sore [ph] factors?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't know about exactly when the opportunities will arise and how will be timing of our cash flows, but I am telling you that there were favoring acquisitions and that if we need to use the stock to typically with the rest of our deals.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, I think you've answered this question, but I just want to be double sure. I'm interpreting quickly, when you are using stock instead of cash, it's being driven by you are out of cash to do it, not the PE is, I mean this is in ahead of the statement about why the earnings are high and the PE is higher and stock is more advantageous. I guess sort of different way, how do you value the cost of equity in doing an acquisition, versus cash?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Way you said it first is correct. We view this is as a way to fund our acquisitions and this is not a signal of where do we think the stock is fairly valued, overvalued or undervalued.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's undervalued.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: That is big surprise. Thanks Pat.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Small with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey Pat. This is actually Sal [ph] on behalf of David Small.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Sal.
Unidentified Analyst: How is it going?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good
Unidentified Analyst: Quick question for you. At the beginning of the call, you mentioned how the acquisition pipeline is very strong. This differs somewhat from what we heard yesterday from HRH, as they said that they are seeing quality shops take themselves of the market, as these shops are unable to maximize their value in current rate environment. Are you not seeing this trend, and if not, at what point in the pricing cycle do you believe that you will start to see this trend and how far are we from that point?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well that's... those are, those are a series of questions that are difficult. Let me start with where we are coming from in terms of our pipeline. Our pipeline is, as I said it's never been this robust. It's as strong as it's ever been. In terms of Letter of Intent being prepared, firms are coming in to see us, we have seen absolutely no fall off, whatsoever, I will say that we are also not seeing huge declines in valuations and at some point that may occur and people may be coming after market, but from our activity, we see strong, strong opportunities. Talking to more people today and at very serious levels than we've ever had in our history. When we that fall off? That's a good question, as I said the motivation for selling is multifold. These people recognized that in our likelihood capital gains, taxes are going to change. These are smart buyers who also realize that given the competitiveness of the market, it's likely that their revenue base without some assistance and some other opportunities to grow might begin to slip, chances are, contingents are probably at all time highs and the outlook for the future is cloudy. So I think that now it is actually a very good for sellers to be contemplating this, what we have to do and what you can be assured we are doing is maintain our disciple. The rules for us are very clear and very simple. We do not buy turnaround projects. That's not what we are in the business for doing. We are buying successful entrepreneurs, who are good in our business, who love this business and want to stay in the business and we are not interested in helping people retire or frankly financial institutions exit. That's not the business we are in. We will not dilute. So even for the platform agency that really is a terrific location, we are not going to dilute. So basically we follow those rules. We find strong entrepreneurs and there are plenty of them who want to join us.
Unidentified Analyst: Great thanks and just on a different note, the MGA/MGU performance income is up around 66% year-over-year, can you provide some additional details into that and the margin impact?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well first all, most of that goes directly to the bottom-line, but as know, if you are running an MGA or MGU, all of your profitability comes from profit share of commissions. That means you are basically getting a subsistence living from the under-writing company to do the under-writing for them, where you cover your cost. But where you make your money is when you've done a good of under-writing form and we've had very, very strong results from the MGAs and MGUs.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from of Keith Walsh of Citi. Please go ahead
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Hey, good morning everybody.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Pat you guys seem to have a real disciple around, your M&A strategy average deal size has been between $3 million and $5 million of revenues, whereas some of your competitors have really gone up market with some of the deals they've done and I just want that if you can give us broad comments about some of the challenges and may be integrating some larger deals on why you choose to stick in that and then I have got a follow up?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Keith thank you for the comment. I mean part of our discipline around that is if there are more opportunities at that level. But the integration issue is clearly a part of whole desire to stay in the net huge deals. I mean would we look at a deal that was $25 million in revenue, sure. Have we look at deals that were $100 million revenue, not really and would we look at deals that are bigger than that, not likely. We've got a mantra that there is no reason to make a big mistake. And you can get your hands around the culture and the people of a smaller deal much more easily than you can a large deal. So number one there is more opportunities, because there is more of them, but number two, we do favor them. Now, as I said from time to time, there are a little bit bigger agencies that become available and we will take a very serious look at those. Those are very successful entrepreneurs that have built some of those companies. But by-and-large you will see us stick to sweet spot, $3 million to $5 million to $10 million right in there; we can do those all day long, your follow-up.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Yeah and just... if you can just talk broadly again about valuing a business in the soft market, I mean you're looking at a business and maybe it's got $3 million of revenues. Do you factor in that it could potentially shrink when you are doing your valuation and then how do you think about supplementals that they generate as well?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, we do factor and we got to look at these... that's another reason that some of the small ones are easier. You an actually get your hands on their accounts. Often times, most times, in a firm that's $3 million to $5 million, the top 20 accounts are all the pre-tax, adding contingents or supplementals to that. So you have to factor in the industry that there in, that the accounts they have and what's going on the marketplace around those accounts and also what's interesting to us, the smaller guys out there, have actually been showing some growth, that's they tend to be niche focused and they tend to do very well, even in the soft market.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from [indiscernible] with Stifel Nicolas. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Taking [ph] 1% organic growth in brokerage, can you just breakdown between the retail and wholesale segments for that?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and the supplementals today had impacted all the organic growth in rate in the year-over-year basis?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, there is a slight fueling of the organic growth as a result of supplemental commissions, but it's not more than a point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fine. And other than supplementals. Do you have any successes in pushing for higher commissions in either retail or wholesale?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, and in fact we allow our production team production people to negotiate their deals at the under-writing test [ph] deal by deal, and as you know by-and-large our production forces on a revenue formula. So at every opportunity you are asking me, local under-writer to give consideration to additional commissions and where there is room in deal, they are getting them.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then first and lastly. As far as wholesale, the M&A pipeline give unusual pressures in that segment. You've seen interest sale [ph] at lower prices?
Unidentified Company Representative: No and we're being very, very cautious about straight open market wholesale. But you'll see our activity in the wholesale arena be primarily MGAs/MGUs.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bryan [ph] [indiscernible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Bryan [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: How are you?
Unidentified Company Representative: Good. How are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Just a couple of housekeeping questions. At the end of the quarter, if you get about a $185 million in cash on the balance sheet that was yours, but you still opted to attend the revolver. Just give me a sense as you are thinking about your decision to keep. What kind of cash would you want to keep in the bank or how much you wanted towards the revolver and why we hope hold them all this cash, when you can use it to make the acquisitions.
Unidentified Company Representative: Bryan, first of all, the nature of the cash and the balance sheet, a big piece of that number is international and we are domestic acquisitions. So rather than bringing that back to the U.S, we leave it internationally and over there because of the tax situation there. So I involve a lot of that, the $185 million, well technically free cash flow as to use as we would like. It really relates to our customer funds, it's not technically in a premium trust account. So we tend to keep that cash as if we are in a premium trust account. And so we don't use our customer's cash in order to fund the acquisitions.
Unidentified Analyst: It's a good thing. I think they appreciate that.
Unidentified Company Representative: I know, we could technically, but it's not that we have ever done, now [ph] just doing it.
Unidentified Analyst: No problem, Doug IT system, you mentioned that you are sort of getting up and running on all the various systems you have been implementing over the last few years. There has been added cost due to those system upgrades. Where do we stand in terms of the cost... added cost of those and we can see any database [ph] in the second half of this year, as we go online.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess that before our improvement initiatives have caused us probably a margin point, each year for the last couple of years and that's the way it's running here in 2008 also. We expect that with our headcount control initiatives and with our offshore initiatives that we will begin to see payback on that towards the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great thanks guys.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bryan [ph].
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Also I think we are at end of the questions and answers period here.
Operator: We do have one final question would you like to take it?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I would be glad to.
Operator: Our final question is coming from Jay Gelb with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. I was hoping Pat, may be, you could reconcile the statements on the risk management segment where you anticipate claims counts could go up, but at the same time the country could be headed in a recession. My recollection was that a meaningful portion of the risk management segment was driven by economically sensitive sectors?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jay that's a very good question and you are absolutely right on it. If you remember back to 2001, after 9/11 when we really had a slowdown in transportation and light [ph] claim counts dropped precipitously. In a normal recession, we don't see claim counts dropping off precipitously. They tend to go down slowly and right now we have such a strong new business pipeline that we are pretty confident that for at least the first half of this year, we will see claims counts grow.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: I remember you used to also give actually the claim count numbers. Can you... I don't know if you have those handy, or you give sort of the percentage change. What you saw in the first quarter?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are up 3% in claim count in the first quarter over last year.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: And what was that number for May, perhaps all of 2007?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the claim counts through all of '07 were up about 5% and the total claim counts, I will ask Rich McKenna to speak up?
Richard J. McKenna - Corporate Vice President; President - Risk Management Operations: Yeah we brought in about 600,000 claims in the U.S market in '07 and that's about, that was a 5% increase over '06.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Okay and then just so we can square our models a bit should... what should we anticipate the impact being on being on the sale of the reinsurance business going forward. My recollection was that was sort of a breakeven business and what could the impact beyond margins?
Unidentified Company Representative: We lost about $12 million pre-tax last year in that business.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think Jay the best thing to do is that we have closed out all the reinsurance operations, go to our [ph]... that the five year quarterly spread on the website. We pushed all of the reinsurance business out of the brokerage segment. It's in the one line and discontinued ops and in accordance of discontinued operation accounting. So you can get a run rate there. So if you look at the website and show [ph] it up at that... that spread sheet on our website, you can trigger models up to that. That's probably the safest way for me to answer the question.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jay.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Gallagher. We do have two more questions in through queue.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, let's take them.
Operator: Okay. Our next question is coming from Nick Prendergast with Signal Hill. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: Hi, good morning guys.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Nick.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: I just had a question with regard to your risk management section. As far as looking in our model, you guys came in line with our revenues. The expenses were a little bit higher and I know you had mentioned that headcount is a pretty sensitive issue, given that you need to have the capacity in place and case claims through. I was just curious, have you guys actually hired more people in that segment?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: Yes, you have, okay and I presumably... I have seen you hiring, because you expect to see increased claim activity throughout the year.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There are worth about 27 people in that segment.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: Okay.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And for the year, that's off of the December 31 and here's how we see. We tried to predict, as closer as we can the claims that will arise in the future. So when you write a new piece of business. Let's say you have got a piece of business that's going to give you 5,000 claims.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: Sure.
Unidentified Company Representative: Literally, try to predict when and where those claims are going to hit.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: Understood.
Unidentified Company Representative: And you better just in time higher rate, because you have claims coming in and they are not adjusted, you've got a big problem
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: I see, okay well thank you for that little bit. Also, my other question with regard to your... the discontinued operations and I know that you guys give an income statement, a little breakout of what the components are, but was there anything that came as a surprise in any of those line of items to you guys?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No,I don't think so. We gave our... when we did the deal in our early, when we announced the deal, we were pretty close to where we are and just a reminder and we still have the lease termination cost that will probably hit in the third quarter, which will probably be about $15 million, some of that cash, some of that non-cash.
Nicholas Prendergast - Signal Hill Capital Group: Okay, all right, well thank you very much.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from Mark Dwelle with Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc. Please go ahead
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mark.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: Just two questions and they are both pretty simple. With respect to your discontinued operations, when you take the lease termination charge, as well as any settle up on you sort of an earn-out payment, that will all be below the line, which is to say non-operating, whenever that occurs?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct, it will all be in the discontinued line item that is not in the brokerage segment, nor in the risk management segment.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: Okay, that's what I figured. Just wanted to be sure and with respect to the risk management segment, the international unit's been grown pretty nicely; can you tell us what the split is between domestic revenues and international revenues at this point?
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Our, excuse me, our international revenues are 15% of our total revenues.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc.: Okay, that's all my questions. Thank you.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to you for any further closing remarks.
Patrick J. Gallagher. Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I do have a few closing remarks and first and foremost, thanking you, all of you for joining us this morning. It is very, very competitive out there, but we as an organization, as a management team are focused on five very specific down on priorities. Number one, increasing our organic growth, we are a sales and marketing company, we get out and get after new business every single day. Secondly, aligning our service deliverables with our compensation. In other words, we've got to get paid properly for what we do, three, increasing our productivity in our margins. Fourth, hiring and retaining the right people, frankly the best people, because we are a people business. And fifth continuing to drive our merger and acquisition opportunities. If we deliver on these five areas, we will continue to grow and build the company and we are confident that we can do that. Thank you everybody for joining us this morning. We appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO Douglas K. Howell - Corporate VP and CFO
Analysts: Dan Farrell - FPK Alison Jacobowitz - Merrill Lynch Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust Christopher Neczypor - Goldman Sachs Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. The call will be opened for your questions following the presentation. And it’s important to note that some of the comments made by Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. today may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws and are subject to certain factors and risks described in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expected. It is now my pleasure to hand the floor over to your host J. Patrick Gallagher Jr., Chairman, President, and CEO of Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Sir the floor is yours.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome everybody and thanks for being here this morning. We appreciate you being on the call. I'm joined this morning by Doug Howell, who will have some comments as well, as well as our General Counsel and the division heads of our operating businesses. This morning, I will make a few comments on the fourth quarter then I'll comment on the year as a whole. Dough will add some highlights. We'll move to questions and answers and after that I'll have a wrap-up. So, let me get started with some comments and color on fourth quarter. I'm sure by now that many of you have seen the CIAB, that's the Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers, fourth quarter report on rates. 77% of the respondents to their survey said that they were seeing decreases from 1% to 20% on accounts that were revenue sized from $25,000 to $100,000 in revenue, and that really is right in our sweet spot. We would concur that. We are seeing just rate softening across all geographic locations and in every line of coverage. It's our belief that today's rate environment is every bit as difficult as what we saw in the late ‘90s. If you think about it, we're now facing going into 2008, our fourth year of softening rates. In spite of that environment, our retail brokerage businesses posted good results in the quarter. Our wholesale operations had a tough quarter, with some businesses moving out of the excess and surplus market, our larger property schedules were renewing at greater than 10% decreases in rates, and we were burdened by some costs of some new hires who are yet to have a positive impact. This caused the Brokerage Segment to be slightly down in the quarter from 2006. Our Risk Management Segment had a terrific quarter. Our new business was strong, retention remained well above 90%, claim counts grew year-over-year, it was just a really strong quarter for Gallagher Bassett. We also made a lot of progress in other areas of the company in the fourth quarter, and I'll touch on four of those. First, our Financial Services Segment is almost completely wound down and Doug will add additional highlights to that in a moment. Secondly, as you saw in our press release, we made the tough decision to sell our reinsurance operation. Just became apparent to us that in that quickly changing market we simply weren't going to be able to build the necessary scale to compete at the level that we really targeted competing. We do have parties who are interested in buying our reinsurance business, of course, that's going to take time, and will be subject to due diligence in closing. As I said earlier, this was a tough decision, but now it will allow us to focus our efforts on our ongoing core business where we believe we have a strong competitive advantage. Thirdly, we made eight acquisitions in the quarter. And fourth and finally, we recruited a new Director in the fourth quarter. We are pleased that Dr. Norm Rosenthal has joined our Board as of last week. Let me turn my comments to the full-year results, and these comments will relate to continuing operations. Again, the Brokerage business and our Risk Management business are working in an incredibly tough rate environment. But, on a combined basis, Risk Management and Brokerage, which I’ve said to you many times, is how we view the company, for the full year, we posted 11% gain in revenue, 5% of which was organic, 8% pre-tax growth, and 14% growth in earnings per share, which is not bad, especially if you think about today's market. I'd also point out something that I think is important. Pre-tax profits for our company in our continuing operations approached $0.25 billion in 2007. Our retail property-casualty and benefits operations grew nicely in the year. Our benefits team had just an outstanding year. We had 11.5% revenue growth, 3% of which was organic, 13.6% pre-tax growth, and 1% EBITDA margin improvement, which is a solid result in 2007. As we said in the release, these results were offset by some declines in our wholesale brokerage. We believe our wholesale business is poised for a much better 2008. During 2007, we closed a couple of loses [ph] and we hired some new people who are yet to validate. However, you do have to remember that the wholesale business floats more directly with the rate environment. The business has historically produced good margins for us, but growth can be tough when rates are falling and primary carriers are becoming more competitive. We do have good scale in that business and we like being one of the bigger players in the business, and as I said, we expect better results in 2008. Our Risk Management Segment finished strong and had a great year. Claim counts grew 5.4% year-over-year. We paid out more than $4 billion of our clients' funds in claims. Account retention was 95% for the year. And our international revenue grew 25%. The Risk Management segment on its own is quickly approaching $0.5 billion in revenue. So, if you step back to about 20,000 feet, what you see is that three of our four operations, PC retail, benefits retail, and risk management, had solid results in 2007. Let me touch on two more items for 2007 and going into 2008. First, mergers and acquisitions. 2007, as you saw, was a very good year for mergers and acquisitions. We did 21 deals and brought in about $100 million of revenue, which is a record for our company. I always want to make sure that I welcome our new partners to the company and thank them for joining us. All the people who joined Arthur J. Gallagher had choices. It's a competitive market for mergers and acquisitions. The fact that they decided to build their future with Gallagher, I think, is a real testament to our strong and unique culture and for many of you who this is your first conference call, welcome. I believe we are coming into an incredible merger environment. Let me just have you consider a few facts. Our belief is that there is something on the order of 25,000 agents and brokerages across the United States alone, that's firms, not people. Most of these firms are owned by baby boomers, people who are my age or a little older. I'd be 56 next month, and people into their 60s, they have do something, they have to capitalize their lives work. It's tough to grow these businesses on their own when the market is as soft as it is. In addition to all of our branch managers and regional managers, we are six people who are dedicated full time to identifying and bringing prospective partners to the table. We have good relationships with the intermediaries in this space. Over the next ten years, there could literally be thousands of transactions. At Gallagher, we have built a core competence in acquiring these smaller firms. We provide them with an excellent base to build their business. Our niche marketing efforts give them additional resources they can use to build their businesses. These are people who want to access to our capabilities, our markets and our global reach, and our collaborative culture where teamwork is a reality, helps them sell. And that's really what we are all about, selling and servicing our clients. Everybody at Gallagher understands that nothing happens until someone rings the cash register. Second and finally, we do believe we can operate our business more efficiently. We are going to be very, very careful on any replacement hires and we are going to manage our operating expenses as tightly as we possibly can. I believe that if we focus on our core businesses, continue our merger and acquisition activity, and manage our costs, we will be able to have a good growth year in 2008. Doug?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. I have five comments today. First, let me give four separate comments about Financial Services. Number one, the fourth quarter was the last quarter we were eligible to generate tax credits from our Section 29 synthetic coal operations. Unfortunately, oil prices were at the peak for most of the fourth quarter, which reduced the amount of tax credits and pre-tax revenues we get from these operations. But, in the end, on a GAAP basis, we earned enough from running the plants and hedging our cost to bring Financial Services slightly above breakeven for the year. Further, on a cash basis, we also covered the remaining depreciation and amortization of our projects and generated additional deferred tax credits that can be used over the coming years. Number two. All of our Section 29 projects have been wound down. Between now and May 2008, we will wrap-up some final housekeeping matters, make final cash settlements, and begin dissolving the partnerships. We do not expect these wrap-up matters to have any significant financial impact. Number three. At December 31, 2007, we have deferred tax assets related to our Section 29 tax credits totaling approximately $218 million. This asset will be realized by paying less cash taxes in the future. So, when you do your future cash flow models, consider [ph] what you think you will pay in taxes and reduce our estimate by about $30 million to $40 million for each of the next five to six years. That way, your models will reflect a reasonable estimate of the effective monetization of our deferred tax asset. Also remember that the monetization of the deferred tax asset does not impact our effective tax rate. Accordingly, like we say in the press release, expect our company-wide tax rates to be in the 39% to 41% range in 2008 and later years. Number four. Many of you have asked what is left in Financial Services. Over the coming year, the Financial Services Segment will effectively evolve into a corporate segment. Within the corporate segment, we will continue to manage down the handful of remaining investments, that will have about $26 million of interest expense related to our debt, and it will absorb about $46 million of direct administrative cost to manage down the investments and corporate overhead allocations. Okay, with my Financial Services comments done, let us move on to my second comment. Like Pat said, we had an exciting year in our acquisitions and the environment looks terrific in 2008 as sellers try to beat [ph] a possible increase in the capital gains tax rate that might happen after the November elections. In 2007, we closed 21 deals and the profile of our merger partners is right in our sweet spot. On average, each shop is about $5 million in revenues and each brings a nice group of successful insurance professionals that fit well in your culture. These deals are about as close to organic growth as you can get. In other words, not much difference between these tuck-in deals and hiring a team of producers or even inducting substantial up-front cost in growing our own. I like our position as one of the few companies that have demonstrated a 20-year history of consistently doing deals. We have the cash, we have the stock currency, and we have the teams that have proven they can get it done, and most importantly, we have the culture that can hold it all altogether. For my third point, let us go to the Risk Management Segment. Like Pat said, this segment had a great quarter. New business for the year was strong, loss business was at historical norms, and most importantly, our rising claim counts from existing customers seem to be stabilizing. Further fuelling the fourth quarter performance was the receipt of a make-whole payment that compensated us for underutilized staffing. This helped us post 14.4% margin for the year, which is an improvement over 2006, and has progressed towards reaching our 15% margin target. We believe the team is committed to further tune the operation to reduce cost, yet continue to deliver the best-in-class service and quality that Gallagher Bassett is known for. Fourth, a few comments on our wholesaling operations. There were several items in the fourth quarter that adversely impacted the financial performance of our entire Brokerage Segment. Most of these items came from our London wholesaler that is experiencing the impact of a soft market, as London business is lost due to competitive domestic pricing. In addition, our international wholesale offices did some retooling and hiring that resulted in about $2.3 million of additional cost in the fourth quarter. For the year, margins in our wholesaling operations fell 4.6%, mostly as a result of the soft market, the devaluation of the dollar, and the fourth quarter retooling cost, I just mentioned. For my fifth and last comment, a few thoughts on our announced expense reductions. We believe it is highly disruptive to implement across the board layoffs. In our decentralized model, it’s much more manageable to let natural attrition reduce our headcount. Over the next few quarters, as attrition occurs, we will shift much of that work to our service centers and better utilize new technology that have been under construction for the last couple of years. In addition, we have implemented other actions that should reduce the associated cost of our workforce, including wage controls. This action applies to our back-office and doesn't impact our producer layer [ph]. These actions however will not be easy as we honor our commitment to deliver high-quality services expected by our customers. Accordingly, it is too early at this time for me to provide you with any meaningful estimates of expected annual cost savings related to these actions. But, I will say one thing. Like Pat said, the market is unbelievably soft. Accordingly, much of our hard work to reduce cost could be lost in a rapidly declining pricing environment. I guess, I do have one last comment. Please don't forget that we have dramatic quarterly seasonality in our first quarter. Please use the quarterly spreadsheet we have at our Investor Relations website to help you to build your 2008 quarterly estimates. Okay Pat, those are my comments, back to you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Doug. Melissa, I think we are ready to go to questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Dan Farrell with FPK. Please go ahead.
Dan Farrell - FPK: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Dan Farrell - FPK: Just a couple of questions. Firstly on the M&A environment. Can you talk a little bit about the prices that you're seeing, deals getting done, are they higher or lower than what you've seen over the past year?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think pricing is pretty consistent. We are spending typically somewhere on the order of 6 times to 7.5 times EBITDA.
Dan Farrell - FPK: Okay. And then just a quick question on the small wholesale business that you're selling. How big is that relative to your total wholesale business that you have?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say, it's less than a peanut. It's very small.
Dan Farrell - FPK: Okay. Okay great. Thanks guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Alison Jacobowitz with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Alison Jacobowitz - Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks. In the Brokerage Segment, it looks like the depreciation and amortization, if I saw it right, was spiked up a little bit this quarter versus the third quarter. I just wanted to see if there is anything unusual in there, if that's the new run rate?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let the guys dig for number for you, Alison, but the amortization of course is going to increase as we do more deals.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the depreciation side, Alison, what you are seeing there is the amortization of some of the our new IT systems that we've put in I talked about the new general idea, the new HR system, the new expense and budgeting system, the new T&E system. So, those are software costs, development costs that we are amortizing. But, it is up a little bit, but it's not dramatically up.
Alison Jacobowitz - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Alison.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Small of Bear Stearns. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi this is Salsen [ph] on behalf of David.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Salsen how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Not too bad. How is everything?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good, thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to ask, can you please provide the... I know you said you wouldn't be able to provide any... the revenues and tax losses for the reinsurance division, are you able to provide you revenues and pre-tax losses that the reinsurance division was seeing?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. As a matter of fact, in the press release on page three, we give you the last five years' history, what our total discontinued operations look like. Well, there is a table in there on page three of the earnings release.
Unidentified Analyst: And that break out reinsurance specifically?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think, sure, there is some of the small Irish wholesale operations in there, but I wouldn't worry about it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Almost all is reinsurance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you. And we've been seeing in the news some information about office deflections and producer deflections, are you able to provide any additional color on that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me give you a little bit of color on it. In early December, we had a number of employees leave our office in Pleasanton, California… San Ramon, California actually, which is in the San Francisco Bay area. They left us to go to work for a smaller start-up brokerage. We believe that the manner in which these people left us was wrongful, and so we have filed up a lawsuit in Federal Court. Now, many of you on this call know me, and know that I would like to be a little bit more effusive in my comments here. I have some strong feelings about this situation. But, in light of the fact that there is ongoing litigation, I am not going to be able to give you much more information at this point. I do think that it's important to note that from a cultural standpoint this is a highly unusual development at Gallagher. I don't think this is something that you are going to see as a systemic risk at all. We have a very strong culture, we have incredible teamwork, and this is very, very unusual in our company.
Unidentified Analyst: Any idea what is driving this?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I better not comment too much more at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Okay. And my last question is just regarding M&A. In this environment where organic growth is zero, but you guys are still active in M&A, buying companies, are you able to get the benefit of scales from these new acquisitions?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we get some benefit, but understand, we are not doing acquisitions to synergize out a lot of cost. These are professional firms that come to us, on average, above $5 million in revenue. There are some cost saves, but really what we are looking at is the opportunity to invest and to build these businesses together. And what we bring to the table and what they bring to the table, when we are doing our due diligence, which is virtually all of about culture, because the numbers are easy to do due diligence on. It's can the teams together make one plus one equal five.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is coming from Brian DiRubbio of U.S. Trust. Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Good morning guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Brian.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Got a bunch of questions actually. Let me just start off with one of the more easier ones. The acquisition or the stake you purchased in CGM, you bought 38.5%, how are you guys going to account for that going forward? Is that going to be equity income?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Brian. We will pick up the equity and earnings as a single line item. So, we won't get a revenue boost level, we will get a pre-tax.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: And was that included in the 21 acquisition number that you provided us or no?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: The revenue of that company is not included in that nor is the count included in that.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: The employee count you mean?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, the acquisition count.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Okay. How can we get our arms around sort of what... how big is the company, what do they produce, or are you guys not really taking about that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we can tell you about what they do. They are basically an open brokerage in Caribbean. One of the largest, not the largest independent broker there. They have a good trading relationship with our London operations and we haven't disclosed the revenue related to that yet and we will see if we disclose that in the 10-K coming up in the next week.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But, Bryan, it’s not a huge deal.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Not a huge deal?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Okay. On the employee headcount number, the 9,100 that you had at the end of the year, that includes the employees that you are going to separate when you sell the divisions that you are going to exit from?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, that's just a continuing operations employee number.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Okay. And Doug, I know you said that you don't know what the expected savings would be from the reduction of force, but you announced 400 for this year for natural attrition, you had, I believe, it was 100 in the third quarter through severance, can you just help us get our arms around, sort of, what the per employee, what these costs are?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that if you look at our workforce out there, between salary and benefits, you have a range of anywhere from $40,000 to $75,000 a year, kind of an average for… what I would refer to be the back-office, which is the non-production layer of our workforce. It is $40,000 to $75,000 per copy and we will see where the attrition comes, which layers.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Okay. I know you gave us sort of the margin impact of some of the charges, but can you give us the dollar amount of the charges this year that you spent on office closings and employee severance?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I can do that math for you here, I think that between… in the Brokerage Segment, between litigation charges and office closures, the total amount is almost $4 million. That's the numbers you are looking for.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Yes, that is. Thank you. I have a few more, but I will go back in queue, let a couple other people ask questions. Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Neczypor with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Christopher Neczypor - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Christopher Neczypor - Goldman Sachs: Just two questions. I think you guys mentioned that in terms of hired producers you are not yet seeing the full impact from that yet. How do you guys think about how long once you bring someone on board it typically takes for them to be earnings positive?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Those comments, Chris, were related to our wholesale brokerage operation. And in that operation, we would expect the first 12 months that they will be positive.
Christopher Neczypor - Goldman Sachs: Got you. Okay. And then my other question is really from an industry perspective. I was wondering if you could maybe comment on what you are seeing in the construction business given your successful niche in Gallagher Construction Services, kind of what you are seeing from a production point of view and maybe also as it relates to the [inaudible] business as well?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it is very interesting time for our construction team and we have got what we think is probably the best construction team in the business. They have done a terrific job. Interesting time in that if you look at anything that's related to homebuilders, you going to have problems. I mean, that's an industry that is really struggling right now. But, any contractors that are into doing infrastructure work have got literally a very long list of projects that they are bidding in opportunities. So, our larger contracting clients that have sizable infrastructure type jobs are requiring a sizable amount of bonding and getting a lot of work awarded. So, when you get into the smaller artisan contractors and the people that rely on the housing market, that's a different story.
Christopher Neczypor - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Saka Cook [ph] of Diamond Back. Please state your question. Saka Cook your line is live.
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry, sorry about that. Just have a couple questions. How are you?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: I am just looking at your supplement and since it's the first time disclosure on the discontinued, I was hoping maybe you could give me some color on what I am looking at here. And I guess specifically my question is you reported losses in all four quarters this year. Last year, it looks like it's flat. Maybe you can just talk to me about what I am looking at.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Why don't I have Doug take you through the numbers, if that's the question, I'll be glad to talk --
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, that will be great.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just make a few comments operationally. I think if you look at the chart on page three of our press release, you can kind of get a picture if why internally with numbers that we weren't necessarily sharing with the Street, we thought we had a chance to build this business. We made money in 2003, we invested in teams and people and capabilities in terms of analysis and what have you in 2004. You can see our expense line jump in 2005, that's from the addition to that staff and for modeling capabilities, followed nicely by a revenue jump in 2006, which brought us almost back to breakeven. So, if you are standing in my chair.. if you are sitting in my chair, at the end of 2006, you’ve doubled out on this business and say, hey, we really got some momentum. But, what we realized in 2007 is that the market was changing dramatically. People were buying less reinsurance. The reinsurance they were buying was going down dramatically. The cost to compete on analytics and the like was rising, and we were caught in a position where we really had to take a hard look at this, do a hard think, and make a decision as to whether we could compete going forward. Now, I will let Doug take you… a question you might have on the numbers.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: When an operation is considered to be a discontinued operation under the accounting rules, you present it down below the continuing operations portion of your GAAP financial statements and you report the items net. So, when you refer to the supplement, we have this quarterly spread that for the last five years or so that we post out on the website, and to find our discontinued operation segment, you would go to the total company section.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I am there right now.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. And you should see that those numbers jibe with the page three of the press release. So, illustratively, if you go to 2005, come down and there you see earnings and loss from discontinued operation before income taxes of negative $15.5 million. That number, you can get... I think I have got the right number… you get that number from the face of the press release... or excuse me, page three of the press release, and those numbers tie in… they are on the supplements. So, if you want the gross presentation, you go to page three of the press release. If you want the net presentation, you go to the supplement.
Unidentified Analyst: So, why was that number so large in the fourth quarter, $8 million plus? Why does that get jacked up in the fourth quarter?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, in 2007, that's what you are referring to?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For the year, we had about $8.8 million worth of losses for the year, right?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Plus then you have the write-off of the unamortized intangible assets associated with our reinsurance businesses and our Irish wholesaler of $9.5 million. Let me say you get the one-time charge there, because what happens is when you look at this, the accounting rules would say that you have an impairment on any of the intangibles if you mark it for sale, and you record that impairment. Now, when we go to sell that business, at that time we'll evaluate any goodwill associated with it, we'll evaluate any cost to wind down leases and those amounts will be offset against any of the gain that’s recognized on the sale of the operation.
Unidentified Analyst: How much goodwill do you have on the books for those operations?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have that number for... I am not giving that number out right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And what's the situation as far as… you say you want to sell… presumably you paid people out for 2007, so how do you get people to stay while you are trying to find a buyer?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: These are professional people. These are people that trade extremely well in the business, and they are people that… buyers going to want on the team.
Unidentified Analyst: But, they could be recruited directly by a buyer?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: If they're recruit directly, they are contracted with us, they have non-competes and there's problems with that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I was just wondering why the sale wasn't kind of announced today or what could you say about that?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've got a fourth quarter issue. We've made a determination we are going to sell it, we have to account for it in a proper way and we have to make the public announcements that we have to make.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, understood, understood, there is lots of parameters and stuff. Okay, thanks very much for taking my questions.
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dan Farrell of FPK. Please state your question.
Dan Farrell – FPK: Hi, thanks again. Just one other thing. Can you talk a little bit about your current capital structure within the context of the M&A and share repurchase that you think you are going to be doing next year, I mean so you've added the $400 million of debt, do you think we are going to see some debt pick up some more again in 2008? How do you see all that pulling out?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Here is the way it's going to play out. As we have lots of opportunities right now to use our cash, we think that our acquisition pipeline is… you've heard us say it's just a terrific pipeline right now. We're going to favor acquisitions to do that with our free cash. We do have the ability to buy back stock in the market, up to 10 million shares time-to-time when we consider it to be appropriate, and we think that we got good cash flows from operation. We have a good revolving line of credit that will allow us to borrow another $450 million, if we see opportunities arise on that. So, right now, we are comfortable with the debt that we have in structure, we're comfortable with our revolver, we like the opportunities in acquisitions, and we like the opportunities on our stock buyback. So, we'll just have to see how 2008 plays out.
Dan Farrell - FPK: Do you think you're going to be more opportunistic with the share repurchase or you going to try and put through some consistently each quarter?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably more opportunistic.
Dan Farrell - FPK: Okay, all right, thanks guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Brian DiRubbio of U.S. Trust. Please state your question.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Pat, I want to hit you up with another border question. Gallagher Bassett sees a lot of the economy and what're you hearing from those companies in terms of the economic outlook? Are they concerned or are they not concerned, you're willing to comment on that?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll comment, Brian, but you are asking me for an opinion, and I will also throw the ball to Rich McKenna if he wants to add who runs the division. I think at this point in time, our clients have had pretty much of a robust 2007. But, I think it's fair to say that all of… remember the industries that are large industries for Gallagher Bassett, transportation, hotel and hospitality, I think you see in all the airline business that we do, so between trucking, airlines, and hospitality, you have a very big chunk of Gallagher Bassett's business. I'll remind you that after 2001, 9/11… when 9/11 hit and people just hunkered down and didn't go to Las Vegas and didn't fly in airplanes and airlines were letting 20% of their operating staff go, GB took a real dip... took a dip that took a couple of quarters to come back from. So, your question is a good one, are the clients worried about a recession? The clients, I am talking to are worried about a recession.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Okay, thanks. And just on the whole cost savings measure, who in the organization is going to be responsible for these cost saving measures? Who at the end of the day is responsible for getting this through? As you know, two years ago at the Merrill conference, you talked about hitting 20% margins and we haven't gotten there, not even close. So, who's going to start taking responsibility to make sure these things get implemented and you start seeing the cost savings that you laid out today?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ultimately, Brian, I'm responsible. But, the operating team that I've sitting around this table right now have their assignments and their responsibilities. I'd like to see business just got up 15% every quarter and have a nice straight-line in our earnings like that. But, it doesn't happen that way. We're looking at this every week, everyday, what are we doing, where can we not replace a person, and we're going to just have to see what the business demands are? Now, I'm saying that I'm going to be very stingy on replacements, if I've got an office out there running 35% margins, and they lose somebody, we're going to replace him. If I have got a Gallagher Bassett desk that we call a hot desk, where you get tons of claims coming in; we are going to replace quickly. So, it's really going to be something that has to happen as back-office personnel decide to leave, which by the way in a soft market, our turnover actually tends to go down, people tend to hunker down. So, we're just going to see what we can do week in and week out.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: And the last question I have is related to cap structure. Looking at the stock price today, you know that's sub 25, it's the same stock price it was since September of 2000. What is the Board's thoughts about what's going on with the stock price and how are you guys going to start creating value for shareholders? It's been a long time since shareholders anticipated in anything with company?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Brian, I think that, when you take a look at the last five years; you've got a lot of issues there, and the Board is very, very aware of those issues. First of all, we lost our contingent commissions. Today, that would probably be giving us something on the order of $40 million to $50 million of pre-tax profits that some of our competitors have not lost. Stock-based compensation is something that we've had to run through our veins over these past five years. If you go back to 2001 after 9/11, I think we've talked about this before, our price to earnings multiple ran to 28 times earnings. It was unfounded exuberance in the stock at that point. Everybody thought that the insurance marketplace was going to stay hard forever and ever and ever. So, I guess the best thing I can do is, tell you that and I think most of you on the call know this, I don't have any other assets that are important to me. This is it; this is what my family lives and dies on. Having the stock go up is what everybody gets up and comes to work every day to see happen. So, we're not anymore happy about five years of flat stock than you are.
Brian DiRubbio - U.S. Trust: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is coming from Mark Dwelle of Ferris, Baker Watts. Please state your question.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions that haven't already been hit upon. You provided the revenues with respect to the Gallagher Bassett businesses, is most of that fee or commission business?
Douglas K. Howell - Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All fee.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts: All fee. Thank you. And then the second question, really I am not sure how easily you will be able to comment, but I just like some sense of the thinking. I mean, obviously, it was a big decision, I know you have put a lot of effort into trying to resuscitate and improve Gallagher Bassett over the last two or three years. From a customer service standpoint, what implications does that have on your regular brokerage business?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, I don't mean to cut you off, but no, we have not been trying to revive and resuscitate Gallagher Bassett. If you look at our Risk Management Segment, that is Gallagher Bassett.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts: I'm sorry, I misspoke, I meant Gallagher Re
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Gallagher Re, you are absolutely right. What was the question revolving around Gallagher Re?
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts: I apologize. From a customer service standpoint, what implications does that have on your brokerage… your regular way brokerage business the loss of Gallagher Re?
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: None
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. I guess I had always understood that part of the reason for improving and growing that business was to expand your possibilities on the regular brokerage side.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: What I always used to comment on is that the fact that the two work together, we would have a good opportunity to deepen our relationship with the insurance companies that we do retail business with. I think that’s probably what you are referring to. But, now that we're not going to be doing that business, it really will not have any impact on our retail clients at all.
Mark Dwelle - Ferris, Baker Watts: That will be all my questions.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gallagher for any closing remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks everybody again for being here. Brian had asked a question not too long go about our results and it is interesting to me, when I look at 2007, it is the first time since 2004 that our operating results are actually greater in the year. And you'll remember, in 2004, that included retail commissions. So, that contingent controversy of three years ago has taken us three years to grow out of and frankly, I believe we are back on a growth track. Now, it is tough in this market, there is no doubt about it. Make no mistake, it is a tough environment. But , if we stay very focused on doing the things we know we do well, which is selling retail insurance, handling our clients' risk management needs, focusing on the profitability of our wholesale operations, and watching our expenses, we believe 2008 will be another record year for our Brokerage and Risk Management operations. So, thank you all for being here, thank you for your questions, we appreciate your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you for your participation ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.
