===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or references to any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter, that is financial results for the first quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of those and other factors affecting the company's business prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
J. Powell Brown: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Once again, our team delivered strong top and bottom line results. I'll provide some high-level comments regarding this performance, along with updates on -- in the insurance market and the M&A landscape. Andy will then discuss our financial performance in more detail. And lastly, I'll wrap up with some closing thoughts before we open it up to Q&A. So now let's get into the results. I'm on Slide 4. For the first quarter, we delivered revenues of $1.4 billion, growing 11.6% in total and 6.5% organically as compared to the same period in the prior year. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin improved over 100 basis points to 38.1% and our adjusted earnings per share grew over 13% to $1.29. On the M&A front, we completed 13 acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $36 million. This consistently strong performance is a direct result of the dedication of our team of nearly 18,000 teammates. I'm on Slide 5. Main topic for the quarter was uncertainty related to tariffs, inflation and interest rates and how they might impact economic expansion. Overall, we did not see buyers of insurance materially changed their outlook, but we did see some business leaders shift to being more cautious. Generally, companies are still hiring and investing in their businesses. However, in certain cases, you're seeing some new projects put on hold for a few months due to these uncertainties. Presently, we would say the levels of investment in people and assets are fairly consistent with the past few quarters. We view this as a positive. Overall, the economies in which we operate are relatively stable and business owners remain optimistic, but have a tempered view regarding the level of growth over the coming quarters. From an insurance pricing standpoint, rate increases from most lines continued and were fairly consistent with the prior few quarters. However, they're moderating downwards slightly as compared to last year. The outliers continue to be auto and casualty that are increasing and CAT property continued to soften during the quarter. We'll get into more detail about the CAT property in a couple of minutes. Pricing for U.S. employee benefits in the first quarter was similar to prior quarters as medical and pharmacy costs remain up 7% to 9%. The outlier continues to be pharmacy, which is growing faster than medical. This ongoing upward pressure and the complexity of health care continue to drive strong demand for our employee benefits consulting businesses. Rates in the admitted P&C market moderated slightly as compared to last quarter and were up 2% to 7% from most lines versus the prior year. The downward trend for workers' compensation remain in most states and they were flat to down 5%. For the first quarter, rate increases for non-CAT property were in the range of flat to up 5%, which is similar to the prior few quarters. For casualty, we continue to see rate increases for primary and excess layers. Consistent with the last few quarters, rates for excess casualty increased in the range of 5 to -- sorry, 5% to 10%. Placing higher limits or layers continues to be very challenging, both from a pricing perspective and the availability of limits. For professional liability, rates were flat to up 5% as compared to last year. Shifting to the E&S property market. As we entered the first quarter, we anticipated rates for CAT property would decline 10% to 20%. With the availability of capital rates during the quarter declined a bit faster and were down 10% to 25%, and we saw outliers based on the quality of construction, claims experience and new versus renewal business. In some cases, rates were down in excess of 25%. With the decline in rates, some buyers chose to increase their limits or modify deductibles while others realize the savings. These savings also enabled some companies to increase their limits on other lines of coverage. As we've mentioned in the past, buyers will manage their overall insurance spend and focus on the combination of rates, limits and deductibles. On the M&A front, we had another good quarter and acquired 13 great companies with $36 million of annual revenue. From an overall market perspective, competition for high-quality businesses remain. Let's go to Slide 6 and transition to the performance of our 3 segments. Retail delivered 4.1% organic growth, which was in line with our expectations and was driven by good performance in all lines of business. As a reminder, we expected the first quarter to be lower than the others this year due to the shifting of renewal dates and timing of certain nonrecurring businesses. Programs delivered another good quarter with organic growth of 13.6%. This performance was driven by a number of our Programs with good new business, retention and exposure unit expansion as well as claims revenue associated with the '24 hurricanes. Our CAT Programs, our CAT Property Programs grew for the quarter slightly even with the impact from rate decreases. Wholesale brokerage had a strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 6.7%. This performance was driven by growth across all lines through a combination of net new business and exposure unit increases with the growth partially offset by the continued downward pressure on open brokerage CAT property rates. Now, I'll turn it over to Andy to give more details regarding our financial results.
R. Watts: Thanks, Powell. Good morning, everybody. I'm going to review our financial results in additional detail. When we refer to EBITDAC, EBITDAC margin, income before income taxes or diluted net income per share, we're referring to those measures on an adjusted basis. The reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found either in the appendix of this presentation or in the press release we issued yesterday. We're over on Slide #7. We delivered total revenues of $1.404 billion, growing 11.6% as compared to the first quarter of 2024. Income before income taxes increased by 17.4% and EBITDAC grew by 14.8%. Our EBITDAC margin was 38.1%, expanding by 110 basis points over the first quarter of the prior year. The higher growth in income before income taxes was due to lower interest expense associated with debt repayments. Our effective tax rate for the quarter increased slightly to 21.8% versus 19.5% in the first quarter of the prior year. The increased tax rate was driven by having less benefit associated with vesting of restricted stock awards as compared to the first quarter of last year. As a reminder, most of our restricted shares vest in the first quarter, so we can have variations in our quarterly tax rate depending on the number of shares that vest and the change in share price. Diluted net income per share increased 13.2% to $1.29. Our weighted average shares outstanding increased slightly compared to last year, and we continue to prioritize paying down our floating rate debt as this has a higher impact on the growth of earnings per share. Lastly, our dividends paid per share increased by 15.4% as compared to the first quarter of 2024. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance for the first quarter. We're going to move over to Slide #8. The Retail segment grew total revenues 12.5% with organic growth of 4.1%. The difference between total revenues and organic revenue were driven substantially by acquisition activity over the past year. Our EBITDAC margin expanded by 120 basis points to 37.3% due to managing our expenses and the positive impact of the seasonality of revenue and profit for the Quintes acquisition, both were partially offset by higher noncash stock-based compensation. As we mentioned previously, approximately 60% of the revenues for Quintes are recognized in the first quarter. Therefore, we have higher margins in the first quarter and lower margins than the others. This is very similar to the profile for employee benefits in the United States. From a full year perspective, we continue to anticipate Quintes to perform within the revenue and EBITDAC ranges that we previously communicated. We're on Slide #9. Programs had another strong quarter with total revenues increasing 10.1% and organic growth of 13.6%. In comparison to prior year, our profit sharing contingent commissions decreased about $6 million due to positive adjustments recorded in Q1 of '24. Lastly, we recognized approximately $12 million of hurricane claims processing revenue, which is in line with our expectations. Our EBITDAC margin expanded by 220 basis points to 44.5%, primarily driven by strong organic revenue growth and managing our expenses. We're moving over to Slide #10. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment had another strong quarter with total revenues increasing 12% and organic growth of 6.7%. The incremental expansion in total revenues in excess of organic was driven by acquisitions completed in the last 12 months and higher contingent commissions. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 30 basis points to 32.1% due to higher noncash stock-based compensation and the impact of foreign exchange. Isolating these changes, the underlying margin increase year-over-year due to managing our expenses and higher profit sharing contingent commissions. Lastly, from a cash perspective, we generated approximately $215 million of cash flow from operations, which was an increase of $200 million over the first quarter of 2024. This improvement was due to incremental taxes of approximately $120 million paid in the first quarter of 2024, which were deferred from 2023. In addition, we continue to manage our working capital and expand our margins during the quarter. As previously noted, we deferred the payment of approximately $90 million of federal income taxes for the third and fourth quarters of '24 related to IRS tax relief associated with the prior year hurricanes. These taxes will be paid in the second quarter of this year and will impact our cash flow conversion. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
J. Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. From an economic standpoint, we believe the main driver of expansion over the coming quarters will be the outcome of inflation, tariffs and changes in interest rates. Leaders, as you know, can generally deal with most changes. But until there's a resolution regarding the extent and breadth of tariffs and inflation, companies will more than likely have a cautious bias. This does not mean that we think leaders have a negative outlook. Rather, they may change the level of investment over the coming quarters with some quarters higher or lower than prior quarters. We continue to believe there's a positive backdrop for economic expansion, and growth is moderating back to more traditional levels. From a pricing standpoint, other than CAT property, we do not expect any material changes in rates for admitted and non-admitted lines. For CAT property, we believe rates will continue to decrease in the second quarter and could be down in the range of 10% to 30% due to the availability of capital. One of the topics that still needs to be resolved is the impact of the wildfires on the standard market for property coverage in California. On the M&A front, we continue to feel good. We have a strong pipeline, both domestically and internationally and are building relationships with many firms. As we've spoken about, cultural alignment is the most critical factor to the success of acquisitions at Brown & Brown. We have a strong balance sheet, outstanding cash flow conversion and access to additional capital when we need it. We're in a great position as a company. Our team continues to execute at a high level. Each of our divisions are performing well and have good momentum heading into the second quarter. There will probably be some ups and downs in the economic outlook, but with our broad diversification across geographies, customer size, lines of coverage and capabilities, we're well positioned to capture the opportunities that are on the horizon. As we've said before, we are a solutions provider and during times of volatility being a great partner for our customers is critical to helping them manage uncertainty. We believe the second quarter will be a good one for the Brown & Brown team. With that, let's turn it back to Kevin and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: Andy, the Quintes impact on the Retail margin and this timing shift on organic also in Retail, any specific numbers you might be able to share with us about what the effect was in the first quarter and then kind of what that means for the balance of the year?
R. Watts: Mark, if you if you utilize the guidance that we provided before on Quintes, about 60% of those revenues came in the first quarter. So again, think about the margin again has a pretty similar profile of what employee benefits does in the first quarter. So it's just naturally going to be higher. So that will serve as a bit of a drag in the out quarters for Retail. But on a full year basis, it will work out. It should be right in line with where we were thinking originally on the Quintes acquisition that's in there. And then the other piece you had asked about was just kind of the shifting in renewals and some of the onetime business. As we mentioned before, we anticipated that the first quarter would be about 1% below the other quarters. The first quarter for Retail was pretty much right on exactly what we thought it was going to be. So we continue to have good confidence in the out quarters for the year, kind of tied back to the comments that we made earlier about just economic backdrop and where buyers are right now. So we feel really good about the business.
Mark Hughes: Very good. And then, what do you anticipate for earned premium in the captives this year?
R. Watts: It will probably be up a little bit over last year on it, Mark. The piece is, I think you picked up on it in your research notes, and we talked about this in a couple of previous calls, is we're writing up to a specific amount of premium and that's our way of capitating the risk profile inside of them. And we pretty much hit that in the first quarter. We've been kind of climbing that over the past few years. So we would not anticipate much incremental organic growth in the following quarters in the captives. Now that might move around a little bit dependent upon what happens with CAT property pricing back and forth. But wouldn't anticipate anything material plus or minus versus last year, second through the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Thanks for all the color on kind of property rates and especially CAT exposed, and there's plenty of capacity there. I guess, just is it -- it looks like if we try to dissect some of the programs, organic growth, there does seem to be a downwards impact, which could be coming from CAT property pricing being down? Is it as we think about the rest of the year or just is it fair to kind of put in a bit of headwind from downwards property pricing, especially I think Brown is a bit of overweight Florida versus peers?
R. Watts: Mike, it's Andy here. Let's see if we can kind of put this into a few buckets because we wouldn't want anybody to think that the downward trend is all associated with CAT property. That would not be a good or a proper conclusion. Remember the things that we've talked about over kind of the past year that's helped fuel the growth in Programs. We've talked about our lender-placed business has been performing really well with winning new business as well as we've had customers acquiring portfolios. And we've had just -- we've had outstanding growth over the past few years, still expecting good growth this year, but not probably at the same level. Mark asked earlier about the captives, and so I think we've mentioned there, again, that has helped fuel organic growth that will start to level itself out in '25 for the business. And then CAT property is a component. It did grow during the quarter for us, not at the same levels as we've seen over the past few years, but we did still have good growth in there through the submission and everything that we've received in the business. And then the other piece to keep in mind in the back end of the year is, we're not sure what's going to happen with the hurricane season. So remember we had a significant amount of claims revenue in the fourth quarter. We do not budget for kind of known storms. We just use kind of a 10-year average. So depending upon what happens, and if it's a relatively calm season in the back end of the year, I think it's probably realistically at least we would think realistic that the organic growth in the fourth quarter Programs could be around 0 because of the very tough comp with all the flood claim revenue. Okay.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thanks, Andy, for unpacking that. My follow-up would be on probably the Retail segment. If I think about the commentary on employee benefits and some upwards pressure on inflation there. Is that -- did that come through in the Retail organic this quarter? And maybe you can size up how much seasonality there is, I think, in 1Q versus the rest of the year in terms of mix of benefits being higher, I believe, in 1Q?
J. Powell Brown: So remember, that's a revenue recognition issue, Mike. And so it's sort of front-loaded that Andy sort of referred to. So when I say that, that makes the assumption if your thought process that all of those accounts are either on commission, not a per head per month or a fee. So most of our business is on commission, but I just want to clarify that, that in some of the smaller business or fully insured, it's going to be -- there's going to be on a per head per month that we get paid. And on our larger business, many times, those are on fees. As it relates to the organic growth in Retail, we were very pleased with the organic growth in Retail, particularly in light of what we said at the end of Q4 and in our remarks about some shifting of some things and some nonrecurring revenue. So -- and we anticipate it to be a little bit higher later in the year. And so we feel good about it and continue to feel good about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Charles Peters: Powell, in your closing comments, you talked about growth returning to a more normal level. And I'm reminded of a comment you used to make about the impact or weighting of economic growth versus the impact from rate increases. And I think in the last couple of years, you seem to -- and I don't want to put words in your mouth, but you seem to indicate that you're getting a little bit heavier weighting from rate increases versus economic versus the traditional averages. Maybe you can update us because in the slide presentation, there's a couple of slides there where you talk about property CAT being down affecting -- having an offset on organic. And you talk about the other rate environment. So just can you provide us some updated perspective on how you're thinking about that?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. So first of all, what Greg is referring to is historically, I would say, that our business is 2/3 to 3 quarters exposure unit and the remaining would be rate. That's how I've always sort of said that. And we've alluded to the fact that with the transition, particularly in CAT property, but it could be in some heavy casualty lines into unusual umbrellas and other things. It has gone up or had a little bit higher impact on rate in the growth. So that's the first thing. The second thing that I'd like to sort of clarify for everybody is I find it very interesting how you all are sort of surprised by the rate decreases in CAT property. I would have said I thought this was going to happen a year ago. And so CAT property historically goes up faster than you anticipate, and it comes down faster than you anticipate. And so it's all about the availability of limits out there, whether it be through a traditional insurance company or through an MGA or some combination thereof. So I think from a standpoint of our Retail business, but it affects the whole business, we are writing a lot of new business, Greg. And our goal is to get the best program, that's the most competitive program with the most comprehensive price -- comprehensive coverage for our customers. And so today, I do believe that what -- if you believe what I just said, which I do, is that it would go back more closer to the 2/3, 1/3 or 3 quarters, 1 quarter, but I usually use 2/3, 1/3. And again, as I said, I believe that if you talk to people, just the person on the street, they have a little bit more negative view of the economy than people that run and own businesses. I believe that depending on the industry that you're in, depending on your supply chain, some of these other things, your view is slightly different and maybe more moderated. So we feel good about Retail. And as I said, that's a long-winded answer on 2/3, 1/3.
R. Watts: Greg, the other thing to keep in mind, and we've mentioned this a bunch over the past few years is our diversification. And again, if you go way back in history, yes, we were probably more weighted to Florida and potential CAT property. But with the industries that we serve, the lines of coverage, geographies across the business. The CAT property can have a movement maybe on offices in certain locations. But the ability to have a material impact on our numbers across the board is much less than what it was years ago. And that's all been done with kind of purpose for the strategy on how we diversify the organization.
Charles Peters: Great. The moderators instruction said one question, but everyone seems to be asking a follow-up. So I just slip in my follow-up, which would be, can you talk about the outlook for the flood business, the federal government -- the federal government program and FEMA, it's unclear. It sits inside of FEMA. So it's unclear what's going to happen with the flood program. And I'm just curious about your perspectives given all the changing dynamics happening in Washington, D.C.
J. Powell Brown: So Greg, let's look at historical perspective of flood and then put that kind of an overlay the current environment. So as you probably know, the flood program has not been reauthorized for an extended period of time, meaning something like a 5-year traditional reauthorization or something in a long time. So basically, they have been reauthorizing for shorter periods of time because they can't get the full reauthorization through. And so I use that as a backdrop to say this. We believe that the flood program is a critical program in the United States for homeowners. And I believe the government and everything that we hear would lead us to feel that way. That said, I think the likelihood of having a longer-term reauthorization in the next year to several years is probably lower because it just seems to be getting kicked down -- kick the can down the road. And that's what our team says, and we're very close to the people involved in Washington. But as you know, we write about 1/3 of all the right-run flood premiums in the United States. And so that's kind of how we feel about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: I do want to focus on CAT, and I just have a more general question about the state of Florida. It seems like after 837, a lot of the lawyers lost a lot of revenue and a lot of different kinds of risk. Is the cost of risk going down in the state of Florida broadly? And what impact should we have on Florida pricing broadly compared to the national economy over the next couple of years? Should Florida growth be lower than the rest of the country?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So interesting question, Josh. First of all, is the cost of risk going down in the state of Florida. And I would -- I have to temper this statement. If you are on CAT property and it went really high, your cost of risk is coming down, okay? I'm talking about the rate on that. However, the overall cost of risk in the sense that what a person is paying to ensure the similar property, i.e., let's say, their home, is actually going up still because you have increased cost of construction. So you have insurance to value and insurance -- increased cost of construction issues. So somebody's home might have been, let's say, on a replacement cost at, I'll make this up, $200 a square foot. And in the event that there is a loss, it will cost them $300 a square foot to replace that house in like kind or quality. So that's number one. Number two, if you think about it, particularly in certain areas of the state is more pronounced. But if you go to Southeast Florida, there are a number of uninsured motorists on the highways. And so the cost of liability insurance and physical damage for the auto, whether it's personal or commercial, continues to go up, and it is highlighted by these very large awards that the plaintiffs' bar usually highlights, but that's -- there are a lot of fairly large awards. And so you have to keep that in mind. As it relates to growth in the state of Florida, what's happening, in my opinion, is this. Florida used to be a very inexpensive place to live relatively speaking, other than barring South Florida, meaning Southwest and Southeast Florida. Today, there has been an escalation in home prices and land values. So it's not as inexpensive as it once was. And so it's a transitionary market, and there are more and more people that are coming here that are fleeing high tax states, like the state that you have in, and they're coming here and they think it's wonderful. So we believe that there is going to be continued growth in the economy in Florida in the near, intermediate and long term.
Joshua Shanker: And what about the price of liability, court costs, legal fees on the casualty side of the coin. Is there any change going on there?
J. Powell Brown: Yes. So the answer to the question is, I think -- if -- we'll make it very simple, I think that even with the tort reform that has occurred and that seems to point in the right direction that is overshadowed by the size and frequency of larger settlements. And so it's a very difficult push-pull environment. And I would say that there's more push on rates up than pull on rates down due to reform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: I was hoping that you could clarify. I think, Andy, you mentioned that there's -- that without flood revenues in the fourth quarter, organic would be 0. Is that if there are no flood revenues? Or is that at the 10-year average?
R. Watts: No. So let's see -- again, we'll reclarify on that one is if there is minimal flood claim revenue in the fourth quarter, then the organic is probably closer to 0.
Meyer Shields: Okay. But that's worse than what you're budgeting using the average?
R. Watts: That is -- yes, if you pull it down on the average, it will be too far off there if you use a 10-year average.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. The second question with regard to CAT property, I guess the key question I'm hearing a lot is, are we seeing signs of any standard insurers or admitted insurers coming back in sort of cutting out the Wholesale Brokerage entirely for a CAT property?
J. Powell Brown: Well, generally speaking, the answer is no. And so here's what I would -- I'll give you an example. If you have a property in Miami, and if it's -- I'm going to flip it around, Meyer, so you can see this example. If it's in a standard market, and the rate is, let's say $0.60, I just made that up. And the standard market wants a 10% increase, a 5% to 10% increase on that property, the lowest rate they might get on that same property in the E&S market is $1. Having said that, very few standard markets would write it -- they've grandfathered that property in. So what I'm saying is if you have a -- if it's at $1 and they don't want to write it in the standard market, they're not coming back in at a $1. So they have -- there are some old grandfathered standard market business that permeates in Southeast Florida, in particular, that's not exclusively, it could be other places. But the answer is no, we're not seeing that right yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Andersen with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst: This is Charlie, on for Andrew. I just have one question, and it was on lender-placed business, which I know you guys touched on a little bit earlier in the call, but -- was there any incremental either benefit or headwind from lender-placed insurance in 1Q '25 within programs. I think previously, you guys may have mentioned that there was going to be like more of a return to a regular seasonal cadence there. But I guess any color would be helpful.
R. Watts: Charlie, it's Andy here. No, there's no headwinds year-over-year to the business. It just didn't grow at the same pace that it did a year ago. And just we want to make sure we clarify the growth that we're seeing in the business is due to us winning new accounts or customers buying portfolios. The actual lender-placed ratio is not materially changing, which that's always to us, a good indicator to the health of the economy. That means people are still in a good financial position that they're able to pay their insurance. So just want to make sure that we clarify that.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Yes. And then I guess, just on the seasonality there, just no material changes, I guess, it sounds like.
R. Watts: That one -- that business doesn't really have a seasonality to it, Charlie just because they're -- again, it primarily is placing coverage on homeowners, and that's just kind of throughout the entire year. Where you'll get different seasonality is when we bring on a new account is you'll have a bump of multiple months of revenue through a transition when you got to get letters back out to the homeowners. So that's the one that really causes -- I wouldn't call that seasonality, that's just you're onboarding a new account, you'll pick up an extra 2 or 3 months of revenue. And then when you make a lap, you lose it on comparability, but that's just kind of how the business works in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple here for you. First one, I know there's some legislation actually in Florida trying to turn back some of the reforms that happened. I'm not sure if you got any updates on where that is. And do you think that may reverse the course of kind of the pricing pressure that we're seeing right now?
J. Powell Brown: The answer to the question is we know that there is not a lot of interest in the state Senate or in the governor's office to have proposed legislation as written implemented.
Brian Meredith: Good. That's helpful. And then second question, I was just wondering, MGA business. I'm just curious, right now, it appears that carriers have a lot of demand and appetite for MGA-type business. I'm curious what your outlook is for the MGA business. Do you think that is continuing here for a while? Or do you think maybe we start to see some of that slow at some point from a carrier appetite perspective, particularly with some of the big rate reductions you're seeing in, call it, E&S property and stuff.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. So I think let's back up, Brad, and talk about why there is that interest in the MGA business. So I think it's a combination of things. Number one, the carriers believe it's a way for them to get large chunks of premium potentially if someone moves a program to them. So there's an appeal of that in terms of trying to grow their business. That's number one. Number two, the quality of the underwriting in a number of the MGAs is quite good and so the days, if you go back 15 years ago, the carriers view the underwriting or MGA space as a little bit like the Wild West, and there were cowboys and maybe not as detailed or the data was not as good. And today, the carriers don't support cowboys. They actually cut them off. And so you have to have a system, a process that works. You've got to show good results over time. It's more of a true partnership. So do I think there will be a decreased interest in MGAs from carriers in the near to intermediate term? No, I think it will be the contrary. As it relates to pressure on rates depending on the line of business, I think that they will mirror the market and in some instances, be more pronounced in the market. And it just depends because if you've got a casualty program for liability on law enforcement officials, that could have upward pressure versus CAT property versus an automobile program versus contractor program. So it's very program-specific. And as it relates to us, we feel really good about our MGA, MGU business because it's so diversified. And people recognize -- go ahead. sorry, Brad.
Brian Meredith: No, that was -- keep going, sorry.
J. Powell Brown: No. I mean I just think the carriers recognize quality, and they want to associate with people that can actually bring them quality business and have an appropriate partnership over a long period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is just on the margin outlook. I know last year, you guys -- last quarter, sorry, you guys said you were looking for margins to be roughly flat in '25 versus '24. I was just hoping you can comment where -- how Q1 shook out relative to expectations. I know there were some pushes and pulls with the segments with the Quintes seasonality, et cetera. And -- and what's your current view for your full year margin and how that might have changed over the last 3 months?
J. Powell Brown: Elyse, it hasn't changed. It's exactly what we described in the Q4 call. It would be a little bit higher in Q1, which was met our expectations, and you have the expense more loaded in Q2, 3 and 4 in Quintes, as an example. But we don't have a modification. And quite honestly, we are very pleased with our margin. And so yes, we feel good about it. And I hope you do, actually.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. And then my second question is on just Retail, right? You guys had guided to the Q1 being about 1% lower than the full year, which, based on the prepared commentary, it sounds like it was in line with expectations. Obviously, as you pointed out, there's just some uncertainty with tariffs, et cetera, right now. Just based on how you see everything developing, it sounds like you guys still think right, the full year could be around 5%, maybe a little bit above, given what you had highlighted with the Q1. I was hoping you could just expand upon that as well, Powell.
J. Powell Brown: Okay, Elyse. So let's go back to we're very consistent at Brown & Brown. You may not like the consistency, but we're consistent, and we say it's a low to mid-single-digit organic growth business. And so we have not changed our position on the growth guidance, even though we really don't give growth guidance, we had to give you that in Q1. We are very pleased with the way Retail is performing because of the breadth of our capabilities and our market relationships. And I find it interesting, Elyse, if I may take a moment that there are some people out there that thought 6.5% organic growth was not that good a quarter. And I'm surprised because we think it's a good quarter. And if you think about historically, which what people are saying is there is a movement back to more traditional organic growth levels. And as you've seen by the other firms that you cover, it seems to be occurring. I think it's an interesting perspective. And so depending on who you are and in your case, you didn't see it exactly the way we did this quarter, but we feel good not only about Retail, but about Wholesale and Programs and we also feel good about the rest of the year.
R. Watts: Yes, if you would -- it's Andy here. If you go back to our prepared comments, the thing that we said inside of there is, we're not seeing the buyers of insurance materially change their level of investments at this stage. It doesn't mean that things can't go positive or negative on that one. But we still feel good with the backdrop right now and continue, honestly, from where we were 3 months ago to now, we're not materially changing our outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: Just a couple of quick ones on property. I think your non-CAT property pricing description was flat to up 5%. I think that's pretty consistent with 4Q. Do you think is non-CAT property at a pretty good equilibrium. Do you think it stays at this level?
J. Powell Brown: I think, Mark, that's hard to tell right now. And the reason I say that is, although there's not as much chaos in that segment right now, that assumes that we have maybe a light hurricane season. If we have an active hurricane season, where there's landfall and significant damage, I do believe that, that definitely impacts standard market pricing. The other thing is, let's not lose sight of -- there are other areas that are dealing with things that maybe we don't talk as much about, i.e., hail storms and tornadoes in places where deductibles are changing very significantly. And just -- I know it's obvious, but the wildfire exposure and just fires, in general. And so you have all these dynamics that are going on at once. And so the long-winded answer of saying hard to say. I think it's probably pretty good right now, but we are going to wait and see relative to the storms this year, and those are across all segments, wind, hail, tornadoes, fire, et cetera.
Mark Hughes: Very good. And then on the CAT property, in your experience, you talked about how it runs up and then it runs back down. Would it usually be kind of one and done, you get that down 30% or what have you, and that tends to stabilize? Do you think that's a multi-year process. You get decrease this year and then maybe decreases next year as well. What would your experience say?
J. Powell Brown: So let's back up and say that this particular period of time has been different than in the past. So historically, I would think that it would go up for 1 or 2 years and then come down for 1 or 2 years or a little more, and then it would sort of kind of do its thing. In this case, we went up for an extended period of time, let's say, it was 5 years. And the pricing, as you know, typically is never exactly perfect. So those CAT prices, if you looked at them, actuarially are probably a little higher in some cases than they should be. And as a result, there's going to be downward pressure this year. And then the question is, what happens if there's a storm or not. If there is not an active storm season, we will see additional pressure next year. If there is a storm, then that changes that statement. But I don't believe that it will go down as rapidly for as many years as it has gone up. That is an important distinction because there is some level of discipline. I just don't know where that floor is. And so it's a very interesting time, and it's opportunistic. And once again, it depends on the hurricane season, which, by the way, starts in just over a month. We're going to have 2 more questions if we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays.
Taylor Scott: Question I had for you is on this dynamic between some of the large, large end of the market pricing trends we're seeing versus, I'd say, more stable or still increasing the small to medium end of the market. And I was just interested in your perspective on that from your viewpoint, what's driving, I'd say, what's seemingly one of the bigger divergences that we've seen there? And what -- how would you characterize Brown's sort of exposure to those trends over the next couple of years if they persist?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So we -- as I like to describe our firm, we are a truly middle and upper middle market business. That is the vast majority. We have a good SME book, and we do have some very large accounts, too. And we're very strategic about how we work with those customers. So Alex, what I think you're referring to is this, let's paint the backdrop. Number one, the most competitive environment on a rate standpoint, per unit typically is in the largest accounts. And as a result, the large account space historically has not made much money for the insurance carriers. These are broad generalizations. Conversely, on the lower end, the SME and the middle market has been more profitable because the rates, if you look at the rate of a similar business in the very large account space and one in a smaller unit or smaller business, that rate is going to be a little bit higher. And the performance on those accounts historically has been substantially better. So the carriers write and want to write that very profitable business. So having said that, remember, the very large accounts in many instances, are on fees. So it's not driven by commissions where small, medium and upper middle market accounts are typically on commissions. So if you were going to paint that picture, and we'll just compare it to CAT property, if you get paid a commission on something that pays $100,000, and this year, it's 70,000, then your revenue goes down. Conversely, if they pay $7 million and it goes from $7 million to $6 million, your fee, very -- in many instances stays the same, so your revenue is generally the same. Did that answer your question, Alex?
Taylor Scott: Yes. That's very helpful. My other questions were answered.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Alex. We'll take one more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: I just want to check in, now that this is becoming more relevant, whether you're seeing a difference in economic growth expectations from clients outside of the U.S. as you are domestically?
J. Powell Brown: I think there's more questions about growth overseas than we find here in the United States. That's a very broad statement, but I think it would be moderated slightly. And I think it depends on where you are.
R. Watts: Meyer, we're not seeing anything that is like this material change in outlook. I think back to Elyse's comment,  and we said in the markets in which we participate, I mean, in Europe, we're primarily in England and Netherlands and Ireland are the major markets for us. And the backdrop there is still good. It doesn't mean there's not some pockets here and there, but there's pockets everywhere. There's pockets up in Canada, et cetera. So -- but no changes materially on that front.
J. Powell Brown: Go ahead, Kevin.
Operator: No, I was just going to turn the call back to you, Powell, so you can go in with your closing remarks.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. Thank you all very much. As we said, I think we had a really -- we feel we had a really good quarter and are excited about Q2 and beyond. Hope you all have a wonderful day, and thank you for your time. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. First, we'd like to express our deepest condolences to the many individuals impacted by the California wildfires. The magnitude of the devastation caused by these events is horrific. We're committed to assisting those impacted by these terrible fires. Now transitioning to our results. Our fourth quarter performance was just outstanding and capped-off another incredible year, where our team delivered nearly $5 billion of revenue, which included double-digit organic and double-digit earnings per share growth, as well as strong margin expansion. These results are only possible through the dedication of our 17,000 plus teammates delivering for our customers every day. Over the years, we've worked diligently to build a highly diversified business that consistently generates best-in-class financial results. The reason we can deliver these results is due to our unique operating culture. Now let's get into the results for the fourth quarter. I'm on Slide number 4. For the fourth quarter, we delivered revenues of $1.4 billion growing 15% in total and 14% organically over Q4 of 2023. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin improved by almost 200 basis points to 33% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 24.5% to $0.86. On the M&A front, we completed 10 acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $137 million. Across the board, it was a very strong quarter. I'm on Slide 5. For the full year of 2024, we delivered revenues of $4.8 billion growing 13% in total and over 10% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was over 35%, increasing more than 100 basis points. On an adjusted basis, our diluted net income per share grew over 18% to $3.84, and we generated nearly $1.2 billion of cash from operations. We had another good year of M&A completing acquisitions with approximately $174 million of annual revenue with the largest being Quintes in the Netherlands. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to all the new teammates that joined us during 2024 and we're pleased with the quality of the organization and our new capabilities. I'm on Slide 6. From an economic standpoint, there were no major changes for the markets in which we operate as compared to the last few quarters. Many business leaders have shifted from being cautious to cautiously optimistic. In addition, we did not see companies materially change their levels of investment, as they're still hiring and growing their revenues generally at levels similar to the second and third quarters of 2024. Overall, the economies in which we operate are relatively stable, which we view as a good backdrop for our growth opportunities in 2025 and beyond. From an insurance pricing standpoint, rate increases for most lines continued. However, they're moderating downward as compared to last quarter and last year, except for ongoing upward pressure on auto and casualty. The line that had the largest change for the quarter as compared to last year was CAT property, which we'll discuss in more detail. Pricing for employee benefits was similar to prior quarters as medical and pharmacy costs continue to be up 7% to 9%. This ongoing upward pressure and the complexity of healthcare are driving strong demand for our employee benefits consulting businesses. With the investments we've made and continue to make, we are well positioned to help companies of any size navigate these market challenges. Rates in the admitted P&C market moderated slightly as compared to last quarter and were up 2% to 7% for most lines versus the prior year. The downward trend for workers' compensation rates remained and they were flat to down 5% in most states. For the fourth quarter, rate increases for non-CAT property were still in the range of flat to up 5. For casualty, we continue to see rate increases for primary layers, mainly due to the ongoing size of legal judgments in the U.S. Consistent with the last few quarters, rates for excess casualty increased in the range of 1% to 10%. For professional liability, we saw rates flat to up 5% as compared to last year. Now shifting to the E&S markets. First, in reference to CAT property, at the beginning of fourth quarter, there was speculation that the impact of Hurricane Helene and Milton would slow the recent declines of CAT property rates or even reverse the trend entirely. Based on insured losses and the fact that both storms were heavy flooding events versus wind, CAT property rates continue to decrease throughout the fourth quarter. On average, rates were down 10% to 20%, similar to the end of third quarter with more customers seeing decreases closer to or in excess of 20%. From a buyer's perspective, some leverage the lower rates to increase their limits or modify deductibles, while others realize the savings. As a result of our broad diversification, rate changes for individual lines of business generally will not materially impact the total results for our company. The major drivers of our organic growth are the economy and our ability to win net new business. This quarter was another good example. We had some lines that were up and some lines that were down, while still delivering strong results. On the M&A front, we had a good quarter. We acquired 10 great companies of $137 million of annual revenue and our largest acquisition was Quintes. We're very excited about our Dutch market position and our ability to grow over the coming years. From an overall market perspective, competition remains fierce for high-quality businesses, and we're starting to see more activity from financial sponsors for the smaller and mid-size deals as interest rates are beginning to decrease. I'm now on Slide 7. Let's transition to the performance of our three segments for the fourth quarter. Retail delivered 4.4% organic growth driven by good performance in most lines of business. We're pleased with the level of net new business as it was consistent with our strong performance over the last few quarters. Organic growth was partially impacted by the timing of our new business and certain non-recurring revenue. For the full year, we delivered strong organic growth of 5.8% as our team is performing well and we feel good about our prospects for 2025. Programs delivered another outstanding quarter with organic growth of 38.6%. This performance was driven by a number of our programs with strong new business and exposure unit expansion as well as claims revenue associated with the Q3 and Q4 hurricanes. Our lender-placed business and captives performed very well and our CAT property business continued to grow even with CAT property rates decreasing. For the full year, we grew 22.4% organically, an amazing result. As one of the largest, if not the largest global operator of MGAs and MGUs, we've made thoughtful and strategic investments creating meaningful differentiation and resiliency in the marketplace. Wholesale Brokerage delivered another good quarter with organic revenue growth of 7.1%. This performance was driven by growth across all lines through a combination of net new business and exposure unit increases. That was somewhat muted by the downward pressure of CAT property. For the full year, wholesale delivered strong organic growth of 9.1% and we have good momentum heading into 2025. Now I'll turn it over to Andy to get into more details regarding our financial results.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. I'll review our financial results in additional detail. When we refer to EBITDAC, EBITDAC margin, income before income taxes or diluted net income per share, we're referring to those measures on an adjusted basis. The reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found either in the appendix of this presentation or in the press release we issued yesterday. We're over on Slide number 8. We delivered total revenues of $1.184 billion growing 15.4% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Income before income taxes increased by 27.2% and EBITDAC grew by 22.6%. Our EBITDAC margin was 32.9%, expanding by 190 basis points over the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter increased slightly to 24.7% versus 24.1% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Diluted net income per share increased 24.6% to $0.86. Our weighted average shares outstanding increased slightly compared to last year as we continue to prioritize paying down our floating rate debt. Lastly, our dividends paid per share increased by 15.4% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Overall, it was a very strong quarter. Were on Slide number 9. The Retail segment grew total revenues by 9.5%, with organic growth of 4.4%. The difference between total revenues and organic revenue was driven substantially by acquisition activity over the past year and higher contingent commissions. EBITDAC margin expanded by 100 basis points to 27.8%, driven by higher contingent commissions, finalization of full year performance incentives, and leveraging of our expense base. This growth was partially offset by higher non-cash stock-based compensation. We're over on Slide number 10. Programs had an excellent quarter with total revenues increasing 28.7% and organic growth of 38.6%. Keep in mind that a portion of this growth was associated with the $19 million charge recorded in 2023 for the change in reinsurance related to one of our captives. Growth in total revenues benefited from higher contingent commissions, but was lower than organic due to net disposition activity in the prior year. Our EBITDAC margin expanded by 660 basis points to 47.9%, primarily driven by leveraging our expense base and to a lesser extent, the sale of certain businesses in the fourth quarter of 2023. As we discussed in our third quarter earnings call, we anticipated recording $12 million to $15 million of flood claims processing revenue in the fourth quarter associated with Hurricanes Helene and Milton. As a result of faster than anticipated adjudication and increased average severity, we recorded approximately $28 million. With increased visibility into the timing of adjudicating claims and severity, we now anticipate recognizing revenues of approximately $14 million to $18 million in the first half of 2025, with the majority being recorded in the first quarter of this year. Were on Slide number 11. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment had another good quarter with total revenues increasing 11.6% and organic growth of 7.1%. The incremental expansion in total revenues in excess of organic was driven substantially by higher contingent commissions. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 140 basis points to 25.7% due to the finalization of full year performance incentives along with certain one-time cost. We're over on Slide number 12. This slide presents our results for both years. Our EBITDAC grew by 17% with the margin increasing 130 basis points to 35.2% with net income before income taxes growing 19.6% and net income per share was $3.84 growing by 18.2%. These compare to total revenue growth of 12.9%. Overall, we are extremely pleased with the results for 2024. We have a few other comments regarding our capital structure, cash generation, and outlook. From a cash perspective, we generated $1.174 billion of cash flow from operations, growing 16.2% over the prior year. Our full year ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues remained strong at 24.4%. As a reminder, we have also deferred the payment of approximately $90 million of federal income taxes for the third and fourth quarters of 2024 related to the IRS tax relief associated with the 2024 hurricanes. These taxes are due to be paid in the second quarter of 2025. During the quarter, we also drew down $250 million on our revolving credit facility in connection with the closing of the Quintes acquisition. For the full year, we continue to delever and finish 2024 in a conservative position as our gross debt to EBITDA ratio is in line with our 10 year average. We have a few comments regarding outlook for 2025. As it relates to contingent commissions, based on what we know now, we anticipate contingents for the full year of 2025 will be down slightly compared to 2024. The unknown variables are the potential impact of the California wildfires and the outcome of the 2025 Atlantic hurricane season. For the Retail division, we have two items. The first relates to the phasing of revenues between quarters. Based on the forecasted timing of net new business, organic revenue growth for the first quarter is anticipated to be approximately 100 basis points lower than the organic growth for the other three quarters. The second item relates to our recent acquisition of Quintes and the phasing of its revenues and profit. In the Netherlands, a substantial number of policies are placed in the first quarter of the year. As a result, we will record approximately 60% of Quintes annual revenues in the first quarter with the remaining revenues recognized fairly evenly over the following three quarters. From a margin perspective, this will improve Q1 margins and will unfavorably impact the margins in the other quarters. From a full year perspective, we anticipate revenue and EBITDAC to be within the ranges outlined during our August 2024 call. As it pertains to taxes, we expect our effective tax rate to be relatively consistent with 2024 and should be in the range of 24% to 25%. Based on the current outlook regarding interest rate cuts in 2025, we anticipate interest expense to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million for the full year. In regard to interest income, we anticipate this to be in the range of $65 million to $70 million, given recent reductions in the benchmark rate in certain territories. Finally, taking into consideration that net income and contingents will more than likely be down in 2025. We're expecting our adjusted EBITDAC margins for 2025 to be relatively flat. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. From an economic standpoint, we expect the economies in which we operate to continue to be stable and grow at levels similar to the second half of 24. We believe this is a good backdrop for companies to grow and invest at moderate levels. From a U.S. perspective, the main topics that most business leaders are watching include policy changes from the new presidential administration, the outcomes of potential tariffs, the timing and trajectory of interest rates, inflation and finally, geopolitical matters. Depending on the outcome of each, it will influence the pace and intensity of investments in business growth. For insurance pricing, we'll provide our thoughts on rates for the first half of 2025 as too many things can change during the year. Specifically, timely extinguishment of the California wildfires will be critical, and we're hopeful there will not be another large -- there will not be other large wildfires as the estimated losses are significant. Then depending on the magnitude of insured losses, there could be impacts on California pricing for both admitted and non-admitted property. Subject to this outcome, we anticipate rates for admitted lines to be relatively similar or maybe moderate downward slightly versus their pricing in the second half of 2024 across the country. There will be similar outliers that we talked about earlier. For the E&S markets, the discussion will really be split between CAT property and all other lines. We expect rates for casualty and professional liability should be similar to what they were in the second half of '24. CAT property, we expect there will be additional downward pressure in rates as compared to pricing in the fourth quarter. Based on what we're seeing, early indications in Q1 would lead us to believe that property rates could be down more than 20% based on construction quality and loss experience. On the M&A front, we feel good as we have a robust pipeline both domestically and internationally and are building relationships with lots of good companies. As a result of some of the larger transactions last year, we're starting to see a moderation in multiples in the larger PE backed businesses. From our perspective, we finished the year in a strong cash and balance sheet position and have access to capital to deploy for companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. We're looking forward to another successful year in 2025. Our businesses are performing well as we're leveraging our collective capabilities to win more new business and help our existing customers achieve better results. Our market position is great, as we will continue to leverage our solution selling model to win and retain more customers across our three segments. With that, I'll turn it back over to Michelle to open for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Gregory Peters: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. In your comments, you spoke about net new business and the success you had last year. I was wondering, if you could and certainly, you're seeing it in retail and programs. I was wondering, if you could give us some perspective on to some of the drivers there? And how your outlook is for 25 on net new business and how it compares with the industry? And maybe inside that, sort of, map out for us what California might do, or how that might affect new business for you in next year?
Powell Brown: All right. Good morning, Greg. A couple of things that I would just say broadly across the business in 24. We wrote more new business than we ever have in all three of our divisions. So we're really pleased with that, number one. Number two, we anticipate our ability to continue to do that because of the capabilities that we have and we've invested in both built and purchased. And we are working really well together, as you know, as a collaborative company to leverage the capabilities to the benefit of all of our customers. As it relates to California, and I think that's a whole kettle of fish onto itself, I think there's a lot of variables there. And so number one, the impact to the fare plan and in the event, the losses are in excess of all monies accessible both surplus and reinsurance, how do the assessments work? That's a big question. Number two, the number of admitted carriers in the state today doing business and the number of non-admitted carriers will be impacted probably by the actions on a go-forward basis. And so the Governor and the Insurance Commissioner there are dealing with a difficult scenario where they're trying to provide an acceptable market, so availability of product with competitive pricing of that product. And so, at a very high level, I would tell you that we believe that there is, it would seem to us that it would be a massive expansion in the E&S market in that area. Having said that, many people not in our industry don't fully understand the impact of demand surge and the need for quality contractors to rebuild. And I can't stress the importance of those two things because that drives pricing and the ability to respond, that is independent of any regulatory or permitting actions.
Andy Watts: Gregory, are you still there?
Operator: Yes. I'm sorry.
Powell Brown: Go ahead, Michelle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Yeah. Curious just to maybe start-off with Retail. Last quarter, I think you all mentioned that the run rate going into the fourth quarter was about 5%. Is that still the run rate as we think about heading into next year or into 1Q '25? And could you sort of size the impact to the retail organic this quarter from the non-recurring item?
Andy Watts: Good morning, Rob. It's Andy here. On the comment that we made in our prepared remarks regarding kind of timing is, as you know, we've got a number of businesses that we can have comparables by quarters, timing when kind of things come in. Some of our employee benefits businesses as well as bonds businesses such as those. Those can move around by quarters and then there's always just kind of timing of net new business. We think that probably impacted the organic by 40 basis points to 60 basis points in the quarter. We'll see that. That will just come back over the coming quarters. It can move around by quarters, but nothing that gave us any underlying pause in there. But we feel really good about momentum heading into 2025 and just how well the business is collaborating and winning the net new business as Powell talked about earlier.
Robert Cox: Okay. Thank you. And just on my follow-up, for the Program segment, seems like a lot of moving pieces. I was just hoping you could talk about sort of the sustainability of the underlying organic growth in that segment into 2025. And also, what does a normal run rate year of contingent commissions look like in programs?
Powell Brown: Do you want to answer the contingent?
Andy Watts: Yeah, Rob. Let me take contingents first on it is, we've had a really good year as well as fourth quarter on contingents in the Programs businesses, as well as -- obviously, across all of our segments. I think the one that had downward pressure during the year was in Retail, primarily in personal lines. But I think as we head into 2025, we know we had some adjustments to calculations this year related to finalization of the contingents on 2023. And so, we think at least going into next year that we'll have probably some downward pressure on contingents in that space. And I think the other area is just kind of exactly how the losses play out in California and how that may impact a couple of our programs. It's hard to tell right now.
Powell Brown: So Robert, on your other question, if you think about two of the components of the growth in programs this quarter, you had the increase -- well, you had the total flood revenue and you had the $19 million reinsurance component. And so, if you think about in our program space, a lot of growth in the last several years has been driven from wind and quake, and some of our other larger programs. And in those particular areas today, we're starting to see more rate pressure. And so that does not mean we don't think we can grow. I'm not trying to give you that impression, but I think that you're seeing not only in programs, but kind of across the industry kind of a moderating of growth rates. And so, we don't give guidance, as you know, on organic growth in that area. But what I would say is, we feel really good about our programs business. Part of that is really driven by the results we delivered for our carrier partners and their willingness to work with us in adjusting prices downward to remain competitive in the marketplace. It's not easy, but we feel good about 25 and beyond for programs.
Andy Watts: And then Rob, also keep in mind our captive, right? And we write a specific amount of premium inside of there, and we're kind of hitting that, we'll call it, that run rate now. So we won't see that same amount of lift going into 25 as we've seen over kind of 23 and 24. It's performing very well, but we capitate that in order to limit the exposure.
Robert Cox: Thanks for all the color.
Powell Brown: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. My first question is on Retail. So it sounds like with some of the timing stuff, it gets you right closer to the 5, which was the adjusted Q3 number as well. Andy, I know you pointed out, right, Q1, 1% better than the other three quarters of the year. And I know you guys typically don't want to give forward guidance on that segment. But can you just help us think about triangulating that 5, maybe even just to the Q1 given this 1% headwind, that you're pointing to is the right way to think that it's 5 less 1 just given the noise we saw in the back half of 2024?
Powell Brown: I'd like to answer that, Elyse. So I know this frustrates you, but at the end of the day, we've said that our retail business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business. So we're not going to give you the number. But whatever the number is that you think, as you said, we've articulated that we foresee a 100 bp headwind in Q1. That does not impact our overall outlook for the year. We just are giving you that guidance relative to Q1.
Andy Watts: So Elyse, the easiest way to think that whatever number you have on it, so if it's a 4, 5, 6, whatever your number is, you want to keep your full year number correct or keep it in line with where you are, just adjust down the first quarter and then push up to the second, third and fourth, okay?
Elyse Greenspan: And then with the margin guide, right, obviously, programs, right, there's some headwind, right, from, you obviously had greater flood related revenue in 24 than you expect in 25. So I'm assuming that could be a margin headwind in that segment depending upon organic. Do the other segments, I guess, feel clean from just thinking about organic relative to margin expectations? And then one just random one, the corporate segment had like $11 million of negative EBITDA in the quarter. I just wasn't sure what was flowing through there?
Andy Watts: Okay. So I think the color that we gave on full year guidance, Elyse, was on total company. We don't break it down by the individual segments. And you're right, and I think two areas that we think will represent headwinds will be investment income and contingents. Depending upon what happens with storm claim activity this year, we do have the storm claim revenues in the first quarter for -- primarily first quarter and some over into the second quarter for last year. We think at least with the headwinds that we know about on the contingents and investment income that the remainder of the business should perform pretty well next year. Again, there's always moving parts back and forth, that should get total company relatively flat on adjusted EBITDAC margins.
Elyse Greenspan: And then just the corporate in the Q4?
Andy Watts: We just had some one-off costs in there in the fourth quarter, nothing real unusual in nature. So those can always kind of move around by quarters and by years, but nothing unusual.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Alex Scott with Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi. First one I had for you is just to see if you could expand on some of the commentary provided on the M&A environment. Just looking at what some of your peers have done, it seems like maybe the environment is more ripe for larger scale M&A of some of these private equity-backed companies that have gotten maybe too big for the private markets. Are you seeing more of those types of opportunities? And any way we could think about your appetite in terms of how big it you would go?
Powell Brown: So good morning, Alex. So as you know, we talk mostly about cultural fit, first and foremost and then would it make sense financially. What's occurring in the market not only last year, but this year and what we anticipate in years to come is exactly what we thought for some time. Two plus years ago, we started and I started talking about internally the potential for great consolidation in our industry in the next three to five to seven years. And what you've seen is, you're seeing parts of that. The firms that were acquired last year were -- the larger ones were all private equity backed. And there are other private equity-backed firms out there that are seeking to buy other large private equity backed firms. There are other strategics that are thinking about or looking to buy the right firm. What we would tell you is, we look at every individual opportunity on its own merits. And so what we have done, and we're very proud of, is that, we have been very conservative financially and paid down our debt when we make larger acquisitions to prepare us to make an investment of pretty much any size business that we might want to buy. It doesn't mean we're going to buy anything big or -- but we want the ability to do it, if we find the right one. And so we feel really good about our positioning not only from the core business that we have and the opportunity to do very good acquisitions on a stand-alone basis. And if a larger acquisition came along that fit culturally and made sense financially, we'd absolutely look at it. But we feel really good about the business and where we're going. And the most important thing is, we want to have, which we do, the ability to invest, how we want to invest, when we want to invest in our business.
Alex Scott: That's really helpful. Thanks. Next one I had is, just on lender-placed. I wanted to get a sense for, is that business operate more in sort of the Southeast Florida or do you have exposure to California? I'm just trying to understand where we are in sort of the cycle of non-renewals and how that may impact lender-placed. I think Florida maybe were hopefully getting closer to the end of a challenging environment where there were a lot of non-renewals. But in California, it seems. like, we're probably going into one, right? So I'm just trying to understand tailwinds and tougher cost and that sort of thing.
Powell Brown: We'll make it simple, Alex, the entire United States.
Alex Scott: That's clear. All right.
Powell Brown: I'm not trying to be funny. I'm just telling you we have exposure everywhere.
Alex Scott: Understood. That is what I wanted to get at, so thank you.
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: Andy, I want to just make sure I'm thinking about the $19 million change to reinsurance items. Are we to think the impact on organic growth is the fact that you didn't have that item this year is a $19 million good guide to organic, and that's the way to calculate it.
Andy Watts: Yeah. I think that would be fine, Mark. I mean remember, we -- last year in the fourth quarter, so this fourth quarter of '23, right? We took that adjustment for the change in the treatment, so that was a negative impact to our organic in fourth quarter of last year. And now we're on a comparative basis. So it's not like you're going to see next year that it's a difficult comp that's already in there. So we'll be comparable to comparable Q4 '24 to Q4 '25.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Then Powell, you had mentioned, I guess, in Florida, you've got the -- lot more experience with the need for quality contractors to rebuild. Do you have any observations about the supply of quality contractors in California?
Powell Brown: Well, this would be purely speculative, Mark. But the answer is, based on the magnitude of the losses, there cannot humanly possible be enough contractors. I'm not trying to be funny, but I'm just saying the demand will be so massive. And one of the things that I've been told, please don't quote me on this, but is that getting a permit to build a home can take up to 1.5 years. So I believe that the Governor and the rest of the elected officials there will need to do something that will be more thoughtful in terms of expediting the rebuild. So think of something on a much larger scale, which would allow them to expedite construction. So let me lead you down the path of something like the Marshall plan.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Charles Lederer: Hey, thanks. This is Charlie (ph) on for Mike. Maybe just going back to the flattish margin expectations. Can you just provide some color on what the drivers of margin expansion, ex-contingents and ex-flood revenue since that will likely be lower. Is it more operating expense or comp and bend (ph)? And is it just operating leverage driving that or is there anything more you can touch on? Thanks.
Andy Watts: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, Charlie. It's really around operating leverage. Again, remember, we run hundreds of businesses across the platform. So we're always looking to try to make sure we grow profitably. But also, we invest in our businesses at different times. So it's not like each one of them grows the exact same percentage and delivers the exact same profit. There's a lot of move parts inside the organization. So we're just trying to kind of make it relatively simple for the outside world as to how we see all the moving parts. And we'll get some benefits of investments we made in previous years, and we'll make some more investments in the current year in different areas.
Charles Lederer: Got it. Thank you. And then I guess for my follow-up, we've seen some data showing relatively significant deep population out of citizens into the private market in Florida. Do you guys, is that materially expecting or impacting your guidance? Or do you see that having an impact just based on the different commission structures there?
Powell Brown: No.
Charles Lederer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Dean Criscitiello with KBW. Your line is open.
Dean Criscitiello: Hi. I was wondering, if the decelerating pricing in property implies less customer shopping or in other words, are you seeing less property accounts migrate for the wholesale markets.
Powell Brown: Absolutely not. So let me just, Dean, explain the dynamics there in an extreme example, but a real one. Dean, you are an owner of cold storage warehouses in Florida, their $50 million total insured values, and you have one in Miami, you have one in Naples. You have one in Tampa and you got one in Jacksonville. And for the last five years or more, but for the last five years, your insurance premium has gone up every year and in some instances substantially. And so you are -- you're not feeling so good about insurance, unfortunately. And so one of two things happens, you want to make sure that your broker is doing the right thing and either we will bring you what the market will bear. And in this case, the market will bear typically downward pressure on rates. But I would tell you that any way a property owner or manager can save money, particularly in light of five years of upward pressure they are looking to try to capture that because they're a little bit kind of, it's like a really -- they're just worn out with it. And so -- and I believe that people understand that at an intellectual level, but I don't think people understand it at an emotional level. And so having said that, everybody is different, but I'm just saying there is a lot in there. And so we write a lot of business that way. And we have to face competition in many instances, that way. We have to earn the respect and trust of our customers every day. But please, Dean, don't think that, that this is an ultra-competitive market where there is angst and there is more emotion around that buying decision than you can imagine.
Dean Criscitiello: Got it. Yes. That makes sense. Sort of staying on the topic of submissions, but moving to casualty, sort of, given that trajectory of like rate increases there. Like, can you to just talk about the impact that's having on casualty line submission growth into the wholesale line?
Powell Brown: Depends on what lines that you're talking about. Here's what I would say. There is still a net inflow into the E&S market today in aggregate, okay? So there are more accounts flowing in today than there have been. And we think that, that in the near to intermediate term will continue to occur. That said, the -- when we say casualty, casualty could be automobile, that's an admitted line up. And we continue to see rate increases Dean, on automobile on a regular and recurring basis. So I know -- I think what you're trying to do is trying to figure out is it going into wholesale versus the retail or both or whatever the case may be, the answer is, we're seeing more submissions into wholesale than we have. So increasing submissions, increasing written business in the non-admitted market, and that is exacerbated by events, some of which you read about and some maybe you don't read about, but it's areas that people become more and more uncomfortable with that could be hypothetically convective storms in places like Oklahoma and Nebraska and Kansas and things where they might have been in the admitted property market for a long-time and/or the admitted property market wants massive deductibles or it goes into the E&S market. So I know that I'm talking property, but the same concept applies with casualty. So -- but the wholesale market continues to expand.
Andy Watts: And Dean we talked about this on a couple of calls. The thing to keep in mind, you always have to look about how the buyer thinks about it. While they are focused on rate online, what they're really focused on is their premium. And they're trying to figure out how to balance the premium because ultimately, they got to cut a check for that amount. And so they're trying to figure out what's the right balance with their retention that they want to keep through deductibles, etc. What limits do they want to buy. They're going to move or other exclusions, etc., they're going to move all of that around in order to figure out the premium. So you're not going to see that if rates go up 5% or down 5%, there's going to be a direct correlation in our commissions or potentially even direct correlation into the premium that the customer pays, okay?
Dean Criscitiello: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: All right. Yeah. Good morning. Just wondering if you could talk about some of the organic hiring you've done in 2024 and the past few years, kind of, how that's stacked up? Anything you can share on that and has that been a big driver behind the organic growth? Just curious what's going on behind the scenes there in terms of that part outside of M&A?
Powell Brown: So it's Scott, we don't discuss in detail how we hire teammates. However, I would tell you that we have been actively hiring for the last several years and through COVID in that regard. And that's teammates in all positions, service teammates, marketing teammates, production teammates, claims adjusting teammates, all types of teammates. And so, we look at it as we want the best athletes on the team. And so we're -- it's the best athlete routine. We hire people from other industries that have made very, very successful transitions into our industry. We hire people with insurance background that could be carrier background or from other firms, and we obviously get a lot of very talented people through our acquisitions. But yes, we're very pleased with the acquisition, I mean, the hiring of new teammates that we've made in addition to the acquisitions we made last year.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just on the captive business. I know you guys had guided to last quarter, $5 million to $10 million of claims cost. What did that come in for the quarter? Was it within that range or how -- what was the -- do you have that number?
Andy Watts: Yeah, it was in that range.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. And then, I guess, the only question just on the captives was just to clarify. So you're saying you still see growth for 2025 and caps just not at the same rate as before. Was that the comment that you had made before?
Andy Watts: Correct. Yes. Because remember, we will -- we write a target amount of premium in there. Again, there's more complexity behind, but that will -- we're just about at a run rate there.
Scott Heleniak: Yeah. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Charles Lederer: Hey, thanks. Just one quick follow-up. Just curious, sorry if I missed it, where the -- if you can touch on where the contingents kind of landed for Helene and Milton, if there are any adjustments in the quarter or adjustments you expect in the first quarter on that?
Andy Watts: Okay. Hi, Mike. Charlie, thats right. We got Charlie, youre stepping in there for Mike. We had some adjustments back in the third quarter for Helene and then, we had some adjustments in the fourth quarter for Milton. Nothing significant that we called out. And ultimately, we've got to see how loss development plays out there and what that might mean for '25. And I think that's why we just have a little bit of cautionary outlook on those as well as what happens in California.
Charles Lederer: Thanks, guys.
Andy Watts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Q&A session. I would now like to turn it back over to Powell Brown for closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Michelle. I wanted to thank everybody for your time today. We are really pleased with the performance of our business last year and equally excited about 2025. There are a lot of cool things going on at Brown & Brown, as you can tell. And I've said this before, but I am pumped on our performance last year and equally feel the same way about 2025 and beyond. Hope you all have a nice day, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflects our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as, additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, Ill now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. First, we'd like to state that our hearts go out to all those impacted by Hurricanes Helene and Milton. These back-to-back storms were unprecedented in many ways and resulted in significant death and destruction throughout the Southeastern United States. We're committed to helping communities impacted by these events recovery and return to normalcy over the coming weeks, months, and years. With that, lets transition to our performance for the quarter. We had an outstanding top and bottom-line results. Our team continues to deliver for our customers resulting in strong net new business, organic growth and margin expansion. I'll provide some high level comments regarding our performance, along with the updates on the insurance market and the M&A landscape. Andy will then discuss our financial performance in more detail. And lastly, I'll wrap up with some closing thoughts before we go to Q&A. Now, let's discuss our results. I'm on Slide 4. We delivered nearly $1.2 billion of revenue, growing 11% in total and 9.5% organically over the third quarter of 2023. Our EBITDAC margin improved by 30 basis points to $34.9 million and our adjusted earnings share grew 12.3% to $0.91. On the M&A front, we completed four acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $8 million. Overall, it was another great quarter, as our team is focused on delivering the best solutions for our customers and strong results. I'm on Slide number 5. In the countries where we primarily operate, there were no major changes in the economic conditions versus the first half of this year. Consumers are still spending and driving demand. As a result, businesses are continuing to hire and invest albeit at a more moderate pace as compared to the last few years. Here in the US, we are seeing a bit more caution due to the uncertainty around the Presidential Election. From insurance pricing standpoint, rates for many lines continue to increase, but at a slightly slower pace, versus what we experienced in the first half of this year and the third quarter of last year. The line that had the largest change for the quarter was E&A property, which we'll talk about in more detail in just a moment. Pricing for employee benefits was similar to prior quarters with Medical and primary costs trends up 7% and 9%, for commission-based accounts. The continual upward rate pressure and the complexity of healthcare are driving strong demand for our employee benefits consulting businesses. Based on historical and ongoing investments to expand our capabilities, we are well-positioned to help companies of any size navigate this challenging market. Rates in the admitted P&C markets were up 2% to 7% for most lines. Downward trend for workers compensation remained, but there was moderation as we realize decreases of down 1% to 5% in most states. With the high level of employment, we expect this range to continue over the coming quarters. For the third quarter, rate increases for non-CAT property moderated and were in the range of flat to up 5. For properties in convective storm zones, we did not see the same rate increases that we experienced in the first half of the year. For Casualty, we continue to see rate increases for primary layers due to ongoing size of legal judgments in the US and to a lesser extent, higher levels of inflation. Consistent with the last few quarters, rate for excess casualty continue to increase between 1% and 10% or even more in some instances, professional liability we saw rates flat to up 5, Shifting to the E&S markets, as you know, this, this year some carriers and facilities have been willing to put up incremental limits on existing insureds and new business. While CAT property rates continue to increase slightly in the first quarter of this year, we started to see decreases later in the second quarter and into the third quarter. On average, rates decreased between 10% and 20%, as compared to the third quarter of last year. As a result, some customers increased their limits or modified adjustables and some just captured the savings. As we mentioned, before, moderate rate increases or decreases for one line of business will generally not have a material impact on the results of our company in total. In order to deliver consistently strong and industry-leading financial performance, we focus on diversification across lines of coverage, geography, industry and customer segments. On the M&A front, competition for high-quality businesses remained consistent with the first half of the year. While the number of acquisitions by private equity backers decreased as interest rates rose, we are now starting to see a higher levels of activity, as interest rates are beginning to decrease. For the quarter, we continue to build relationships with many companies and remain focused on our disciplined M&A approach to notify great organizations which align culturally and make sense financially. I am on Slide. Lets transition to the performance of our three segments. Retail delivered 3.9% organic growth for the quarter with most lines of business performing well. We had another strong quarter for net new business, but realized the impact of moderating rates for most lines, as well as slightly lower growth in exposure units. In addition, our organic growth was negatively impacted by over a 100 BPS, resulting from the year-to-date true-up of certain incentive commissions as well as, quarterly volatility in bond or non-recurring revenue. Our team is performing really well and has good momentum going into Q4. Programs delivered an outstanding results with organic growth of 22.8%. This growth was driven by a number of programs resulting from new business and expansion of existing customers. Our lender-placed business and captives performed very well, and our CAT programs continue to grow. It was another great quarter due to the diversity of our programs, also brokerage delivered another good quarter with organic revenue growth of 8.4%. This performance was driven by a combination of net new business and rate increases. Our Open Brokerage business continue to grow nicely but at a slower pace due to the decline in CAT property rates. Our Delegated Authority business performed well again this quarter. Personal lines grew nicely driven by California and Texas. We're very pleased that our balanced mix between brokerage and Delegated Authority continues to drive strong and stable performance. Now, I will turn it over to Andy to get into more results  our financial results.
Andy Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to review our financial results and some additional detail. When we refer to EBITDAC, EBITDAC margin income before income taxes or diluted net income per share, we are referring to those measures on an adjusted basis. The reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found either in the appendix of this presentation on the press release we issued yesterday. We are over on Slide number 7. We delivered total revenues of $1,186 million growing 11% as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Income before income taxes increased by 13.1%, and EBITDAC grew by 11.9%. Our EBITDAC margin was 34.9%, expanding by 30 basis points over the third quarter of the prior year. Effective tax rate for the quarter decreased to 24.6% versus the third quarter of the prior year, which was 25.6%. The decrease was driven primarily by certain one-time items in the prior year and the impact of changes in the market value of our company-owned life insurance. Diluted net income per share increased to $0.91 or 12.3%. Our weighted average shares outstanding increased slightly, as compared to last year as we continued to prioritize hanging down our floating rate debt. Our dividends paid per share, increased by 13%, as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Last week, our Board of Directors approved a 15% increase to our projected dividend payment for the fourth quarter of 2024. This represents our 31st consecutive annual increase. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance for the quarter and the strong results our team delivered. We are over on Slide number 8. The Retail segment grew total revenues by 6.5% with organic growth at 3.9%. The difference between total revenues and organic revenue was driven substantially by acquisition activity over the past year. EBITDAC decreased due to lower contingent and incentive commissions, higher non-cash stock-based compensation, as well as investments in teammates to drive and support our current and future growth. We are on Slide number 9. Programs had another excellent quarter with total revenues increasing 15.7% and organic growth of 22.8%. Our organic growth was benefited by approximately $15 million associated with onboarding of new customers within our lender-placed business. This revenue will be recognized more evenly throughout 2025. Growth in total revenues was lower than organic due to net acquisition and disposition activity, as well as lower contingent commissions. Our EBITDAC margin expanded by 360 basis points to 48.2%, driven by leveraging of our expense base and the sale of certain claims administration, and adjusting services businesses in the fourth quarter of 2023. While drawing the impact of the hurricanes, there is still lot of unknowns primarily associated with Hurricane Milton. Our best estimate is that we anticipate recording flood claims processing revenue associated with the recent hurricanes of approximately $12 million to $15 million in the fourth quarter and an $18 million to $22 million in the first half of 2025 with the majority of that revenue being recorded in the first quarter. As of now, we're anticipating claims cost of $5 million to $10 million within our captives associated with Hurricane Milton. We're over on to Slide number 10. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another great quarter with total revenues increasing 14% and organic growth of 8.4%. The incremental expansion in total revenues and excess of organic was driven by acquisitions completed over the last 12 months and higher contingent commissions associated with finalizing the estimates recorded in the prior year. Our EBITDAC margin increased by 130 basis points to 38.6%, primarily due to higher contingent commissions and leveraging our expense base. We have a few comments regarding our capital structure, cash generation and outlook. In the third quarter, we paid off $500 million of our Inaugural 10-year bonds with the proceeds from our issuance completed in the second quarter of this year. With our continued deleveraging, our balance sheet is in a great position as our gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio on a trailing 12 month basis is in line with our 10 year average. For the first nine months of this year, we had strong cash generation of over $810 million, increasing our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenue to 22.4%. As it pertains to full year cash generation, we feel really good. We want to highlight that there is US Federal Tax relief associated with the recent hurricanes. As a result, payments for the third, and fourth quarters of this year are permissible to be deferred into the second quarter of next year. Therefore our full year ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenue for 2024 should be in the range of 24% to 26%. Based on our strong year-to-date performance and taking into consideration the potential impacts from Hurricanes Helene and Milton, we anticipate our full year EBITDAC margin will be up at least 100 basis points for 2024 as compared to 2023. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy and a great report. From an economic standpoint, we do not anticipate material changes from what we experienced in the first nine months of this year. The biggest questions that seemed to be on the minds of business leaders here in the States, which may impact their level of investment or the outcome of the US Presidential Election, geopolitical matters and the timing and magnitude of future interest rate reductions and inflation. From an admitted lines rate perspective, we anticipate rates in the fourth quarter and early 25 to be relatively similar or moderate downward slightly versus the third quarter of this year. For the E&S market, Casualty and Professional Liability should be similar with what weve experienced during the third quarter of 2024. For CAT property, it will come down to ultimate paid losses associated with Helene and Milton. We anticipate rate decreases from flat to down 10% going into the fourth quarter. On the M&A front, we continue to feel good about our pipeline both domestically and internationally. We're always building relationships with a lot of companies and we have a strong capital position. We will continue our disciplined approach as it's worked very well to help us acquire great companies and enhance our capabilities and drive profitable growth. Lastly, we're excited to have the Qantas team join Brown & Brown anticipate a closing in the fourth quarter. As we head into the fourth quarter, our team continues to be well-positioned and is leveraging the power of - we to win more net new business. We have great momentum across the company and feel good about our prospects for the fourth quarter and finishing the year strong. With that, we'll turn it back over to Kevin and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Well, good morning, everyone. I guess the instructions said I should strongly ask one question. So, I guess I'm going to focus my only question on the Retail segment. Powell and Andy ran through some variables that affected the organic in the third quarter. I'm wondering if you could provide some more detail on that. And if there's any read through we should be thinking about as we look forward?
Powell Brown : Greg, good morning and we appreciate your one question. Actually we're not going to break it down into specific details. But what I would say is as we said in the organic growth, there is really incentives, the incentive commissions that are down and we talked a little bit about non-recurring one-time revenue that didnt occur like bonds and other related matters. So, from a standpoint of  we feel good about our Retail business. I think that's the important thing. I do not believe that one quarter creates a trend. And so, I think you should take from that what you want. But we feel really good about our Retail business.
Andy Watts : And then, Greg, the other thing just, I guess for everybody else, keep in mind, remember we've said in the past that normally our business will grow faster  the Retail business will grow faster in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. Last year it was a little bit different just because of timing of some bonds and some surety work inside  if you look kind of back historically, it normally grows faster in the first half than second primarily due to the amount of Employment Benefits business that is recorded in the first quarter.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answer.
Powell Brown : Great. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Cox: Hey, thanks. Appreciate the flat to down 10 guide for Property CAT rates. I was just curious if the products mix in wholesale is built to sustain nice growth in that type of environment? Or are we going to start seeing that show up a little bit more in the organic?
Powell Brown : All right, so, good morning, Rob and let me make one other clarifying comment on what I said. I believe that there is a great interest by the risk bearers particularly domestically to hold rates more closer to flat. Having said that, there are new participants. There are other markets, specifically, London, which is very aggressive and that's going to put additional pressure on that. So, having said that, interestingly enough, our Q3 is not an inordinately heavy property quarter. The property is typically in Q1 and Q2 out of hurricane seasons. So, again, it depends on the mix, but we have quite balanced brokerage and binding authority businesses and what we're talking about is in brokerage not necessarily in binding. So, what I would say is, anytime you have rate decreases it can, but from a standpoint of we're going to see what kind of discipline the markets will its here to in Q4. And what I'm about to say is purely speculative. Remember, prior to the storms, we were seeing down 20% and 30%. And so, we don't anticipate that but anything is possible. I think its a much higher probability is zero to 10.
Rob Cox: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan : Hi, thanks. Good morning. My question is going back to the Retail segment. So I guess, that incentive comp, it sounds like a supplemental commission, which I think you guys started leaving inorganic but like a couple years ago, so I just want to confirm that. And then given that the one-off with the 100 basis points, I know you guys don't typically like to guide, but how you did say right one quarter doesn't make a trend. Is the right way to think about it that some growth of around 5% is kind of like the baseline for the Q4 and beyond?
Powell Brown : Andy, do you want to take that?
Andy Watts: Yeah. So let me hit the first one, because that's pretty easy. Yeah, so, on the so GSCs, so the Guaranteed Supplement Commissions and then incentive commissions are in out of organic growth. And as you know those can move up and down by quarters just like the contingent commissions can adjust themselves inside of their. As you know, we don't give guidance for organic growth for the business. But I think as we look into, at least the fourth quarter is we would at least think that, one , we feel really good about our business and the net performance and how we're bringing in new business. One of us going to come down to what happens to rates and then exposure units for the economy. So, unless something goes unusual there, we would expect those two would be fairly similar to the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar : Thank you. Good morning, everybody. So, my question is in the Programs business. So I think you sold a portion of the Captives to a third-party and that's how coming back into consolidated through a non-controlling to NCI? Could you maybe walk us through the impacts to the Programs segment itself where that NCI in the Programs business, namely what would the adjusted margin be? And what the organic growth be for that segment?
Powell Brown : Well, morning Yaron. It has no impact on the organic growth or the margins. Remember, the non-controlling interest is only on a pre-tax basis allocation over. So we record all the growth up above and then back up minority interest below.
Yaron Kinar : Right, so my question would be what would the impact to the segment B, had we adjusted that NCI at the segment level?
Powell Brown : I guess, I would say, its going to be relevant because the kind of rule don't allow you to do it anyway. We're following what the rules are. You have to bring it in on a gross basis.
Yaron Kinar : Okay. Thank you.
Powell Brown : Yeah.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski : Morning. Hey, I guess for my one question. I want to focus on the Program segment, its growth has been exceptional for years now in the segment. And I think, you gave some color to that, maybe this quarters outsized growth was coming from catastrophe programs. But maybe just curious, is there, when we think of like the wholesale marketplace, we think about that marketplace over a long period of time typically growing a bit faster than the standard market due to some underlying kind of secular factors. Just curious in your Programs business, is there anything structural or secular you think this is just  should grow at a multiple of the standard markets over time?
Powell Brown : All right. So, good morning, Mike. So let's think about that most of our Programs, many, I shouldn't say most are admitted, okay? So, think of that as an extension of the Specialty admitted market as opposed to the traditional wholesale or non-admitted market. I think that's an important distinction upfront. Thats number one. Number two, I believe there will continue to be interest an emphasis on the Programs business going forward, depending on what you read and what you believe the Programs space is somewhere between $85 billion and 100 billion of premium in the United States. And so, we do continue to see that growing nicely into the future. And there are a number of very talented underwriters that want to join us either from a risk-bearer or sometimes from other Programs, because there is a dynamic environment here where we have fostered great relationships with our carrier partners. And remember, we are underwriting on behalf of, we are, as we understand it, the largest delegated underwriting authority entity in the United States. And so, they place - carriers place enormous authority in our hands, of which we take very seriously. So, is the growth going to continue in the 20% range, that that's over a long period of time thats quite high, all right? Let's call it what it is. But what I would say is we believe that the Program space is a very nice, consistent grower over a long period of time and our results would indicate as such. And it's interesting because, and I know this isn't the case with you Mike, but there are some people out there that really don't, I don't think fully understand or give us credit for the others than retail part of our business, which is 40% of revenue, and as you know, it is performing very nicely. So, if you want to look at it on a slightly different perspective, and I know, youve already thought about this. But if you look at the performance of Wholesale and Programs together, that 40% grew at 17.7% in Q3. Pretty impressive.
Michael Zaremski : I mean, I do think people when they look at, Programs and Wholesale if we look at arriving is a comp. But can I  since I fixed my one question, but a follow-up on your answer on the same topic. Would it be a fair assumption to say that underwriters that come to Brown> Or just a broker-owned Programs business can be compensated more highly than what a carrier can pay given valuation dynamics?
Powell Brown : Do you mean through the individual?
Michael Zaremski : Correct, correct.
Powell Brown : The compensation. Well, I think the compensation is typically different because it can be cash, base plus a bonus in many instances, plus equity. So, generally it's, I think that as a broad statement you could probably say, yes.
Michael Zaremski : Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Powell Brown : Morning
Mark Hughes: Andy, you had mentioned that you generated $15 million in revenue from onboarding new customers in Programs and that would be spread more evenly throughout 2025. Was any of that $15 million non-recurring and can you give us a sense of when you say, spread more evenly are there any kind of bumps or tough comps as we think about 2025 in that lender-placed business?
Andy Watts : Yeah, good morning, Mark. So, how that works is when we pick up a new account or we have a customer that buys a portfolio, normally, there is a lag of anywhere from 90 to 180 days from the previous servicer of actually sending out notifications and next so what happens is you generally will get two to three quarters of revenue in kind of the first quarter that we onboard them. Then when it comes around to renewal or the exit date, then that revenue will fall according and that's really what we're saying is next year in the third quarter, we would not anticipate seeing that $15 million. But that will be spread out during 25 with most of it in kind of the first half of the year. Does that help kind of explain how that works?
Mark Hughes: Ii does, yeah. The second half of my one question is, anything on the advocacy business, if youve seen the first security administration be a little more active on adjudicating claims?
Andy Watts : No, everything is pretty similar to what weve been seeing over the last few years. Weve got good inflow into our business, but only so much comes out of the back of the funnel.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, I wanted to ask you to provide more color on the M&A pipeline in particular the comments around interest rates beginning to come down and more interest from private equity players? Could you talk about the potential size of those opportunities and where you're focused on growing inorganically?
Powell Brown : Sure. So, as it relates to the first part of the comment, as interest rates - prior to interest rates going up, there were typically lots of private equity firms that expressed interest. And obviously, they think of it in a little different manner in terms of the way they account for it. And look at those investments. Then, that - and so there might have been ten firms that were involved initially just as an example. And then, as the interest rates ticked up, that number being involved, might have slowed to three firms. These are very hypothetical situations. And then, today there might be six or seven firms. So, what I'm trying to give you in a sense of is that, as interest rates go down, there are more interested parties that are short-term in nature in terms of the way they view it, i.e. private equity. As it relates to us, we continue to look both here domestically, which we think there are some very good opportunities for us here in the future. And in the international market that we currently operate in and as evidenced by the fact that we anticipate closing Qantas in The Netherlands this quarter, thats another market that we are excited about participating in on a go-forward basis. So there is not one over another. We stress the importance of cultural fit. We think about capabilities, we think about either enhancing existing capabilities, adding new capabilities or maybe new geography as long as it's consistent with the core, which is one, we want it to fit culturally and make sense financially. And two, we like to operate in countries that we understand their governments. There is typically a rule of law. There is generally a stable economy and we are very pleased with the environments that we are currently operating in.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thanks for the clarification on the private equity piece.
Powell Brown : Sure. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields : Great. Thanks so much., I just want to go back to the lender-placed insurance in Programs. Should we think that $15 million I think you said that there was a 92 to 120 day lag. So is the $15 million the equivalent of like three quarters of revenue or is that a full year? And did that impact margins in the segment?
Powell Brown : So let's see. The - it is - it represents over about six months of revenue or just a little bit more on that Meyer. Again, primarily in the first half of 2025. Some of it will reach into the fourth quarter as it kind of comes around just normal lag in processing and over from the previous processor. And then, from a full year margin no, it doesn't impact full year margins. It's just between the quarters.
Meyer Shields : Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Powell Brown : Yeah, no. Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. The next question comes from Grace Carter with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Grace Carter: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Just you mentioned some pressure on contingents in the Retail from higher loss ratio to carrier partners. I think that this is the second quarter in a row that we've seen that. Could you elaborate on which lines caused the pressure in 3Q? And how those compares to 2Q? And just kind of any thoughts on whether do you think that this will be an issue that recurs moving forward for the next few quarters?
Powell Brown : Good morning, Grace. Yeah, we've been talking about this over, probably the last few quarters, at least. We saw this starting, back in in 23. It's primarily on auto side, both on personal, as well as on commercial. I think as you know well carriers have been pushing for rate in that space, just because of frequency and severity of the claims that are out there, which is putting pressure on overall profitability. And thats so that's the main driver. I guess, we would say right now, we don't see anything in the marketplace yet that is changing that trend at this stage. So, we would continue to expect some pressure on those.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Powell Brown : Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. The next question comes from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak : Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Just wondering if you could expand on the Employee Benefits business I know you gave some commentary on that. It sounds like you're seeing some positive trends on healthcare. So just wondering if you can just talk about the trends in Q3 versus the first half and just the opportunity for 2025 just organically and through M&A, and what you're seeing in that business?
Powell Brown : So Scott, what I would say is, remember, in the last - I'm taking you back a little while, but in the last 10 years, we have consciously invested in additional capabilities, which has enabled us as an organization to basically handle any size customer and employee benefits. And so, what that means is, we can write a startup and if they grow one day to a 100,000 employees, we can actually handle them at 100,000 employees. And so, remember, our core business is middle market and upper middle market and the capabilities that we bring to the table we see lots of opportunities today and in the future and are very excited about the growth opportunities for us. And so, it's something that healthcare every CFO wants to talk about their cost of healthcare. And there are lots of things that we are able to bring to our customers and prospects that will enable them to think differently and potentially realize different and in some instances outsized positive performance versus what they have been experiencing. So, we are actively looking for additional firms to join the team. But even in light of if we did not do an acquisition with employee benefits capabilities in them in the next 12 months, I dont think that in any way shape or form changes our opinion on existing business and employee benefits. Andy and I and the entire operating team are very, very pleased and quite honestly, very excited about our ability to write and service customers of all sizes.
Scott Heleniak : Great. Appreciate the detail.
Powell Brown : Yep.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith : Yeah, thank you. Just a quick one for me. Do you anticipate any impact on contingent commissions from Milton and Helene in the fourth quarter?
Powell Brown : Hi, good morning, Brian. I think still kind of to be determined. In our earlier comments we said there's still a lot of moving parts on Milton. We did have some adjustments in the third quarter for Helene not dissimilar to what we're back in 22 with Ian. We take the extent that we can based on what we know what that at the time. So would it - would we expect some adjustments in the fourth quarter? Yeah, that probably will occur. Now, again, keep in mind that we had - we did have adjustments positively in Q4 of last year because of low claim activity. So and that's primarily in the Program space. So you will see probably some meaningful year-over-year change in there. I don't know the magnitude of it right now, just we need some claims development to occur.
Andy Watts : Hey, Brian. I'd like to just point out two things that might not be as immediately comes to mind. Number one, we saw and had continued to see a lot of auto losses in the storms, particularly Helene, but Milton, as well. So youve got a car in a garage and flood waters come up and the car dies. Okay, so it doesn't work anymore and I'm not even talking about electric vehicles, I am just saying that. Thats number one. Number two, depending on where you are, there is a very, very distinct correlation between structures, commercial and residential, that are built after 2005 and the amount of loss. So, there are new codes, as that were put in place quite honestly, if you go back 1992 with Hurricane Andrew, and then every couple years, it seems that they kind of up them. But if you talk to people in the market about losses on properties, those losses are typically on structures that are, - they're in the 90s and the 80s and the 70s and the60s, beginning to older homes, in the 30s and the 40s, they're not, the ones having losses. They're actually very, solid structures. But it's that kind of middle stuff where the building codes may be weren't as stringent. So just a little aside, just to kind of give you a little color around your question. Thank you..
Brian Meredith : Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters : Okay. I get my follow-up question. In your commentary on free cash flow, you talked about some deferred tax payments that will help the free cash flow result for 24. Should we anticipate that because you're going to have additional tax payments from 24 and 25 on top of just the 25, the conversion rate on the 25 free cash flow will be lower?
Powell Brown : Yes, Greg. That would be correct. And as of right now, the rules by the IRS is those need to be paid in the second quarter. So, when you're working out your projections, and you can get a pretty good idea of our taxes later on somewhere between $90 million and $100 million per quarter in there. So just make sure you put those in the second quarter. So that'll pull down our conversion for 25 is why we made the comment that we raised the conversion ratio for 24 up because of that deferral.
Gregory Peters : And the conversion rate for 24 is raised from to, can you just remind me?
Powell Brown : Yeah, we said 22 to 24, previously. So this will take it up by a percentage point. But when we look at the business and if you recall a while back, when we were talking about conversion ratio and we talked about 2025 is, we said we saw kind of a very clear path back to the 24 to 26 range. That was prior to this storm coming through. But when we look at the overall business itself, and how we're growing the business, the margins that we generate and our free cash flow conversion, we feel really, really good about the business and the trajectory it's just you have this timing of items back and forth sometimes between years. But underlying business continues to be very, very strong.
Gregory Peters : Great. Thanks for answering the question.
Powell Brown : Yeah, thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan : Hi, thanks. My follow-up is actually on investment income. That went up by a good amount in the quarter. Andy, what drove that? And then, is that level, like as rates move, how should we think about, I guess the level of NII that you're expecting in the Q4 and going forward?
Andy Watts : So one thing to keep in mind, remember the $600 million of bonds that we issued back in the second quarter, so, we were holding that money until we had paid off the September bonds. So that drove somewhere an incremental $6 million to $7 million dollars of interest income for the quarter. So, don't use the $31 million or so that we had in the quarter as a runrate. It'll definitely come back down in the second quarter. And then  or excuse me, in the fourth quarter for us.
Powell Brown : Id like to clarify something at least I would like to clarify something you asked earlier. And you are correct in saying that we do not give organic growth guidance, as you know. However, what we said was, you would ask about a number in Q4 and what Andy. And I were implying or trying to say was if you look at the performance in Q3, and you note the adjustments that we made, we believe that that is a good starting place for Q4. I wanted to make sure that was clear for you, does that make sense?
Elyse Greenspan : Yeah, so the 3.9 plus the 100 basis points, so around 5 is the Q4 starting point for Retail.
Powell Brown : I was going to allow you to do the math and we don't give guidance, but I Just wanted to clarify.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay, got it. Thank you. Powell.
Andy Watts : And then, hey Elyse, just kind of rounding out on the net investment income, because that is also important we talk about kind of the other side of that. And you can kind of get a feel for in modeling with rates drop by 1% an idea as to what it could mean on the net investment income. Now again, keep in mind that as we continue to grow as an organization, there is more fiduciary cash. So you're not going to see it on an exact ratio if you do that, right if you got to assume that fiduciary assets will continue to grow, but then also keep in mind on the other side of that is our floating rate debt. So as an organization, we build our capital structure to have somewhere around 25% of our debt to be floating rate been extremely, extremely beneficial for creating shareholder value over many years. And so when we, at the end of 9/30 we had just under $800 million on floating rate debt. So just make sure you grab down the other side of the equation if you're doing your ups and downs on interest, okay?
Elyse Greenspan : Okay, thank you both.
Powell Brown : Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. The next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes : Yeah, thank you. You mentioned margin impact from the investment in Teammates, given that the M&A market has been, at least in Q3, your activity was a little bit lower. Is that a deliberate plan to spend more money on Teammates or was that more opportunistic?
Powell Brown : I look at it as more opportunistic, Mark. And the reason I say that is, is when we find the right people, we're going to invest in them. And so, that's why I always try to say that one quarter or does it make a trend? And when we make those investments, we fully anticipate that we will grow into those investments in the coming quarters and years ahead. And so, if it were something very significant in terms of a number, we would call it out and talk to you about it. But, from this standpoint, we - this is what I call normal opportunistic investing. Like we're not going to be some drama and say we got some programming. It's not like that. We're always looking for good people. We believe that culturally, we will attract a certain group of people that would like to work for a competitive, collaborative, high performing sales and service organization. But there's not something, there is not some secret initiative going on. That I want to give you that impression.
Mark Hughes : Yeah, I appreciate that. Thank you.
Powell Brown : Thank you..
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our last question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey. Great. Just a follow-up on kind of a teasing out what you all are seeing or projecting on the Casualty side in terms of pricing power trends? I know that, I think last quarter, you all is maybe many other stuff pricing would move up a bit. Has that changed at all? And I don't know if you want to bifurcate between E&S or admitted versus non-admitted? Thanks.
Powell Brown : Sure. All right. So Mike, number one, if you remember, in the past, I have sort of said in my career, which is only back to 1990 in the insurance business. Theres always been an underlying tone that Casualty has been underpriced, but I dont think that there has been a discipline around pricing it by the carriers. Today, that seems to be different. So there seems to be a discipline around that. And so, I believe its both in the primary in the excess, I believe its also in admitted and non-admitted. So its not something that we are bifurcating that you are seeing more so in one versus the other thats not the case. And so, I think that we are going to continue to see rate pressure on Casualty. So, general liability, excess liability, and as Andy said earlier, in automobile, both commercial and personal auto. For the time being, I don't see that changing, depending on the carrier they are going to tell you different trends they're seeing in their books. But yes, there continues to be pressure on all of those segments.
Michael Zaremski: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's call. Id like to turn the conference back over to Powell for any closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Sure, thanks, Kevin. We really appreciate everybody's time today. We are very pleased with the performance in Q3. We are excited about Q4, ending the year strong and going into 2025. You all have a wonderful day. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes todays presentation, you may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as, additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call. The second quarter was another outstanding one for Brown & Brown. Our team continued to deliver strong net-new business across all segments by leveraging our collective capabilities or as we say, the Power of WE. I'll provide some high-level comments regarding our performance along with updates on the insurance market and the M&A landscape. Andy will then discuss our financial performance in more detail. Lastly, I'll wrap up with some closing thoughts before we open it up to Q&A. Now let's get into the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 4. We delivered nearly $1.2 billion of revenue, growing 12.5% in total and 10% organically over the second quarter of 2023. This is now our third quarter of double-digit organic growth out of the last six quarters. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin improved 150 basis points to 35.7% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 17.7% to $0.93. On the M&A front, we completed 10 acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $13 million. Overall, it was another great quarter of strong top and bottom line growth. I'm now on Slide 5. From an economic standpoint, inflation remained elevated but did moderate during the quarter. Consumers continue to spend, driving demand for products and services. However, we continue to see a bifurcation in spending patterns based on income levels of the consumer. In addition, business leaders are making investments in their companies and new construction projects are starting now that interest rates seem to have plateaued. As a result, many of our customers continue to hire employees, but at a slower pace as compared to 12 to 24 months ago. From an insurance pricing standpoint, the overall changes in rates for most lines were relatively consistent, with the last few quarters and - with the exception of the E&S property market. Pricing for employee benefits was similar to prior quarters with medical and pharmacy costs up 7% to 9%. These ongoing upward pressures and the complexity of healthcare are driving strong demand for our employee benefits consulting businesses. We believe we're very well positioned to help companies of any size navigate this very challenging landscape. Rates in the admitted P&C market continue to be up 5% to 10% for most lines. The downward trend for workers' compensation rates remained with decreases of 5% to 10% in most states. With a low level of unemployment, we expect this trend to continue. For the quarter, rate increases for non-CAT property moderated. We continue to see upward pressure on rates and deductibles for properties located in convective storm zones. As we mentioned last quarter, rate increases for primary casualty layers remain elevated due to the ongoing size of legal judgments in the U.S. and to a lesser extent, higher levels of inflation. For professional liability, we saw rates flat-to-down 10%. Shifting to the E&S market, CAT property rates moderated throughout the quarter as compared to the first quarter of this year and the second quarter of last year. This is not surprising to us as we expected CAT property rate to further moderate until the effects of the storm season are known. In Q1, we placed properties with rates down 10, to maybe up 10. And it was relatively balanced. This shifted in the second quarter where many renewals were flat-to-down and generally only lost prone or poor construction accounts realized rate increases. This continued to be driven by some carriers or facilities willing to put up additional limits combined with some new capital entering the marketplace. We saw some customers increase their limits based on their savings, while others captured the savings as a partial offset to the increases they've absorbed over the past few years. While CAT property rates moderated during the quarter, the rates for primary and excess casualty continued to increase between 1% and 10% with our highly diversified business, moderate rate increases or decreases for one line of business will generally not have a material impact on our consolidated results. That's why we focus on diversification across lines of coverage, geography, industry, and customer segment as these drive our consistently strong and industry-leading financial performance. Lastly, the M&A marketplace remained competitive for high-quality businesses. While the number of acquisitions by private equity backers has decreased, they are still active. For the quarter, we acquired 10 great businesses and continued to build relationships with many other companies. I'm now on Slide 6. Let's transition to the performance of our three segments. Retail delivered another great quarter with organic growth of 7.3%, with all lines of business performing well as a result of winning a lot of new customers along with good retention. Insurers are frustrated and exhausted with the level of rate increases over the last few years, which is driving many companies to shop their coverage. Most of the time this plays to our advantage and has been demonstrated by the growth of our net-new business. This strong and consistent performance is a reflection of our talented team and the breadth of our capabilities. The program segment had another outstanding quarter delivering organic growth of 15.4%. This growth is driven substantially by new business and the expansion of existing customers across many of our programs. The strong performance in the majority of our diverse portfolio of businesses continue to drive impressive growth. Wholesale brokerage delivered another strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 11%. This performance was primarily driven by riding more net-new business within our binding and personalized businesses. Our open brokerage business performed well, but did not grow at the pace of the last several quarters due to rate decreases in property. As we've mentioned before, we have strategically built our wholesale business to be well-balanced between brokerage and binding authority as this diversification helps us deliver consistently strong financial performance. Now I'll turn it over to Andy to get into more details with our financial results.
Andy Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. We're over on Slide 7. I'll review our financial results in additional detail. When we refer to EBITDAC, EBITDAC margin, income before income taxes or diluted net income per share, we are referring to those measures on an adjusted basis. The reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found either in the appendix of this presentation or in the press release we issued yesterday. We delivered total revenues of $1,178 million, growing 12.5% as compared to the second quarter in the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 20% and EBITDAC grew by 17.3%. Our EBITDAC margin was 35.7%, expanding by an impressive 150 basis points over the second quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate for the quarter was consistent with the prior year and diluted net income per share increased by 17.7% to $0.93. Our weighted-average shares outstanding increased slightly as compared to the last year, as we continue to prioritize paying down our floating rate debt. Lastly, our dividends per share paid increased by 13% as compared to the second quarter of last year. Overall, it was a very strong quarter. We're moving over to Slide 8. The retail segment grew total revenues 9.3% with organic growth of 7.3%. The difference between total revenues and organic revenue was driven by acquisition activity over the past year, with a partial offset due to lower contingent commissions of approximately $7 million in the second quarter of this year. EBITDAC grew slightly slower than total revenues, due to lower contingent commissions and to a lesser extent, higher non-cash stock-based compensation. Excluding the impact of lower contingent commissions, the margins expanded nicely due to the leveraging of our expense base. We're on Slide 9. Programs had another strong quarter with total revenues increasing 15.8%, organic growth of 15.4%. Organic growth was positively impacted by approximately $5 million due to the finalization of a non-recurring growth bonus for one of our programs. The incremental growth in total revenues in excess of organic was driven primarily by increased contingent commissions, which resulted from our strong underwriting performance and a quiet hurricane season in 2023. For the quarter, we also recognized approximately $3 million related to the finalization of a contingent commission calculation for 2023. Our EBITDAC margin expanded by 220 basis points to 49.6%, driven by higher contingents and the leveraging of our expense base as well as the sale of certain claims processing businesses in the fourth quarter of 2023. We're over on Slide 10. Our wholesale brokerage segment delivered another great quarter with total revenues increasing 14.4% and organic growth of 11%. The incremental expansion in total revenues in excess of organic was driven by acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. Our EBITDAC margin increased by 240 basis points to 33.3%, primarily due to certain non-recurring costs in the prior year and leveraging our expense base. We've got a few other comments regarding our capital structure, cash generation, and outlook. In the second quarter, we issued $600 million of 10 year senior notes in preparation for the $500 million of notes that will mature in September of this year. We had excellent execution and the market responded well to our credit profile, and longer-term bias towards lower leverage. These new senior notes have a coupon rate of 5.65%. The remaining proceeds of $100 million were used to pay down a portion of an outstanding floating-rate term loan. Additionally, we paid down over $260 million of floating rate debt in the quarter. For the first six months of this year, we had strong cash generation of over $370 million, even when taking into consideration the previously mentioned timing of paying federal taxes in the first quarter of this year related to 2023. Lastly, regarding margins for the full year, we had previously provided guidance indicating that we expected margins to be up slightly for the full year. With our strong financial performance for the first half of the year, we are now expecting 50 to 100 basis of adjusted EBITDAC margin improvement for 2024. This guidance is dependent on the outcome of storm season and as a result, this range may adjust up or down. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. Let's start with the economy. Based on everything we're seeing, we think the economy will continue to grow in the second half of the year at the rate that is fairly similar to the first half. Additionally, we think inflation will further moderate as the year progresses and our customers will continue to invest and hire new employees. Overall, we see this environment as a positive backdrop to our growth. From a rate perspective, it's worth splitting the conversation into admitted and E&S markets. For the admitted markets, we do not anticipate material changes from the first half of the year. The outliers will continue to be auto, work comp, casualty, any really, really large premium accounts, things like that. But for the E&S market, we expect continued pricing pressure or moderation in CAT property rates unless there is meaningful storm activity this summer. Casualty pricing will more than likely continue to move higher. On the M&A front, we feel good. We're talking with lots of companies. Our pipeline continues to be robust and we're in a strong capital position. For Brown & Brown, our historical success has been rooted in our disciplined approach to building relationships, ensuring cultural alignment, and then delivering strong financial returns. I am very pleased at how our team is executing. We've spent significant effort to build great capabilities and develop an outstanding team. I'm also very proud that we developed the capabilities to serve customers of all sizes, both domestically and internationally. It's the Power of WE that is enabling us to win more net-new business. We're excited about the second half of the year and delivering another year of industry-leading financial metrics. Now with that, I'll turn it back over to Shannon to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: Any way you could break out the impact of property on organic growth this quarter? These issues of pricing as well as capacity and then policyholder retention, a lot of moving parts. And I'm just sort of curious how property played out from your perspective.
Powell Brown: So good morning, Mark. And unfortunately, the answer is no. We don't do that, but I will give you a color around what you're talking about, and I appreciate your goal to get us to open up on that. But the way we look at it is this. Property in Q2 was under pressure, particularly as we got towards the 7/1 date. And so pretty much, I'm not going to say all, but most accounts were seeing rate decreases except if you had really bad losses and even poor construction, we're getting some rate decreases. But - so if you've got a lot of losses, it might be flat or it might be up a little bit. So what I would tell you is this. This, what we're seeing today, is not surprising to us. We thought or at least I can say I thought, and I think Andy and I agree on this, we thought this was going to happen last year. And so there was - last year was again another tough rate year for customers. And so the rates in property are some of the highest they've been and forever. And so people like the return payoffs or the projected return payoffs. So they're coming in. And so depending on what the storm season does, that will dictate on what continues to happen in pricing in Q3 and beyond.
Andy Watts: Hi, Mark, good morning. It's Andy here. One of the things we mentioned during our prepared comments was just the impact of diversification and we just suggest, think about our comment there, because property is pretty balanced in our overall book. And again, the second quarter is larger for the CAT property placements that's out there. But we've got more than just CAT property inside of our book from customer sizes, locations, industries, et cetera. So it's pretty balanced. And even, again, as we mentioned in the comments, if it goes up or down a little bit by an individual line, quite often there's something else that might be moving the other direction inside there.
Mark Hughes: Understood. And, Powell, you said casualty pricing you expect to continue to move higher. Is there anything you're seeing in the marketplace? There have been some reserve issues, anything that suggests real meaningful distress across the industry and therefore a change in underwriting approach or is this more of a continuation of the prior trend gradual move higher?
Powell Brown: Well, I don't think there's one thing, Mark, to point to that says this is what triggered it to go up more. But let me just make a couple observations. Number one, the ability to get significant limits on an umbrella from one carrier is it's very low. So you might have gotten $25 million from a carrier before and now you might get $5 million. So you got to build up if you wanted $25 million with several carriers to get there. That's number one. Number two, please note, there are certain classes of business that are tougher than others. So if you ask me, which you haven't, what are two or three really tough classes of business from a casualty standpoint, I would point to habitational, so apartments. Two, I'd put anything with lots of liquor distribution, not distribution, but consumption. So like a restaurant that 70% of its revenue is alcohol or a nightclub. And habitation - residential construction. Those would be three areas that continue to be under - but that does not mean that all casualty is not under pressure. A products manufacturer might be up 10%, 8%, 7%, 5%, whatever the case may be, but you may have a hab account that's up multiples of that. So it depends on where you are in the country, the class of business, a lot of stuff. And so I do think that what you're hearing from the carriers and from other brokers is coming through, which is, there continues to be seemingly more discipline around pricing pressure on casualty more so than any time in my career.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Mark.
Andy Watts: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is now open.
Michael Zaremski: Hi, great. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Michael Zaremski: I guess three quarters double-digit last six, it's pretty impressive, but it kind of does make a trend. So I guess just along the lines of the marketplace discussion we've had so far. If there's upwards pressure on levels of casualty, which are material, I would assume, within your portfolio and then you gave us good color on property might decel if depending on CAT season. But is there anything else you want to call out that's kind of just unusual in the very near-term that's really driving your excellent organic versus kind of the marketplace? And then you also mentioned that there's more shopping, so maybe more new business wins, which might not be sustainable. Anything else you want to call out that we should be thinking about the back of our heads about that just might not be sustainable in the near-term?
Powell Brown: Well, I don't know about - I'm not going to say it is or is not. We feel good about the amount of new business that we're writing and the net-new how that translates through into our business. I think the only other thing which is kind of the counter to that and you didn't mention this, but I do believe in pockets of the country on larger accounts in the admitted market, there is pressure. And so that could be very dependent what's happening in the Pacific Northwest in the United States might be very different than in the Southeast or in the Northeast or the Midwest. So I just think, Mike, remember, we're not a sexy business. We just execute well. And we try to deliver for our customers each and every day and we have a good rhythm. We are talking with lots of people and when buyers of insurance, there is a fatigue level that's out there. So if you've got an increase for five years on your condo or your whatever auto fleet or whatever the case may be, sometimes you just say, listen, I need to talk to somebody else and more times than not, hopefully, that means we're in the mix and we're able to write a lot of new business as a result of that. That can work against you too. I mean, I'm not trying to say we're immune to that. We're not. But we just feel good about what - there's nothing, like there's no secret other than we think our culture is different. We talk a lot about it. We have teammates, we don't have employees. We have leaders, we don't have managers. And we have an ownership culture as you know. And when 22% of the company is owned by teammates, we run the business differently. So we don't think quarter-to-quarter, we think one year, three years, five years, 10 years out, and it has served us really well. And so we're just executing really well.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Just obviously clearly great results, just seeing if I can get any other color. Now I guess lastly, I'm looking at the transcript. I think you said you're seeing more rate decline in open brokerage versus binding authority within the wholesale segment, if I understood that correctly. And if I am right, any further color there that's worth sharing?
Powell Brown: Yes, remember, and let's just use open brokerage for a minute. Think of that as property. So we already talked about property. Casualty has got upward pressure and professional liabilities got downward pressure. So two of the three in there have - that doesn't mean you can't grow, it just means that the benefits of a tailwind have shifted in two of the three to a headwind.
Andy Watts: And then, Mike, keep in perspective that generally the second quarter is one of the heavier ones for property.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: CAT property.
Powell Brown: CAT property. Let me clarify CAT property.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the guidance, the 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion. Does where you fall within that range just depend on if the wind blows or not and whether you see losses under your captive?
Andy Watts: No, I think it's got a bunch of factors in it, Elyse, that drives in there. I think it depends upon outlook for contingents, how do they move during the year, mix of businesses, how much each of them grow back and forth. And so I'm just trying to give a range as to kind of where things play out. To our comment depending upon what happens with storm season, because depending upon what occurs and the severity of it, that impacts the flood business. It impacts our captives inside of there. So if when one goes up, the other one probably goes down and vice versa. So there's balancing inside of all of it. It's just always hard to determine exactly where a storm may hit or not hit in insured properties.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. But then I guess, right, so the 50 to 100 basis points, I mean, you guys were at 130 for the first half of the year. So that does imply contraction in the back half. Is it - another way of asking this, is it just captive losses as well as some conservatism around contingents that kind of - and then I know you had that one-off, right, some of that - you do get the - you had one-off revenue, right, within the captive from the reinsurance last year. I'm just trying to understand the moving pieces and what that implies for the margin in the back half of the year.
Andy Watts: Yes. Keep in mind, which I think we've talked to pretty much everybody about this is, obviously, last year was a - there as calm storm season. And so our captives performed extremely well. When we go into each year, we think about our flood business as well as our captives and we have no idea what's going to happen during the year. So we use a lot of estimates going into it, and we'll look at averages over years. We do budget for storms, just it makes sense to do that. So that way if it doesn't happen, it's all upside, inside of there. So if you think about the third quarter and that's probably the higher likelihood in there is, yes, we would plan for storm claim activity. I guess, if it doesn't happen, that would be upside. And I think most everybody at least Elyse including yourself has that in the models for the third quarter on the margins coming backwards.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then on programs, you guys have seen pretty consistent strong double-digit growth in that business. And I know you called off - you called out one growth initiative that modestly benefited the segment in the quarter. But as we think going forward, I know you guys don't like to guide on a segment level. So I'm not going to ask for a specific number, but how do you think about just overall just growth prospects of that business organically going forward?
Powell Brown: So I think of that business kind of several ways. Number one, remember, you have CAT businesses in there, which are property-driven. So you could have rate pressure on those, you have those that are casualty-driven or professional liability-driven, which they could have a little rate pressure, but they could also basically it comes down to writing more new customers. So from a standpoint of what I think is and what we've tried to do and I think we're very consistent on this is historically up to this point, in the CAT businesses, there's been a discussion about availability of capacity. And right now, I don't think you're going to hear as much about availability of capacity, you're going to hear about pricing of that capacity. And so that's the only hesitancy that I would give to you, Elyse. I was expecting you to feel really good about our results and because we do, but I wanted to clarify that.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. No, I mean, yes, I was pointing out the double-digit. That's helpful. That's helpful, Powell. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Elyse.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe one clarification after the last set of questions. So in the guidance range for margins, even in the kind of best-case scenario that you're looking at here with, I guess, a more benign storm season, you're still modeling some storms into that, right?
Powell Brown: Correct.
Andy Watts: We are, yes.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then, Powell, I am curious, I want to circle back to your comment about pricing pressure in casualty being kind of the worst in your career. I was just - I guess that caught me off-guard a little bit and not that I don't recognize that there is pricing pressure mounting in casualty, but just looking back to, say, the 2018 through '20 years or even going back a bit further to maybe the early 2000s, late 1990s, you're seeing the current environment as even worse than that from a pricing perspective.
Powell Brown: Yes. So let me go back, give you a - I started in the industry in 1990 at an insurance company. And I did that for several years and then worked for a short period of time at a - in graduate school at a wholesale broker in New York. And so when I started seeing big casualty of all sizes and shapes and not just big in the early 90s to today, it has historically been under pressure. I'm making a broad statement. And there were classes of business that have struggled during that period of time, I think of habitational and I think of residential construction in particular, but I'm talking about broadly speaking in casualty. So what I want - what I mean by that is, not so much the upward pressure on rates. I'm more specifically thinking about the discipline of the industry to basically continue to hold the line because usually somebody is willing to flinch. And so I don't want to give you the impression that if you go out on a new, new piece of business that you can't keep rates flat in some instances. That is possible. But what I'm saying is, in my career, this is the broadest impact of pricing discipline in casualty that I recall. So I only have back to 1990.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. No, that's a helpful clarification. If I could sneak one in - one last one in. In programs, are the programs that are leading the growth in the segment, are those the same or pretty consistent largely or have you seen a shift in where the growth - the leaders of growth are coming from?
Powell Brown: What I would say is that, in any business, many times, you're going to have a handful, two handfuls, three handfuls depending on the number of businesses you have that are going to be leaders. And so I would say as a general statement, those which have been growing over an extended period of time, and I'm not talking about one, two, three years. I'm talking about over a long period of time, tend to be those that are driving growth. And I think that would be very consistent within other firms as well. But, yes, that's how we've seen it.
Yaron Kinar: Great. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rob Cox: Hi, thanks. Hi. So I think maybe last year you guys had highlighted taking or just giving up some commission on the property business to kind of offset some of the rapid price increases your clients were seeing maybe particularly in the Southeast. So I'm curious, did that sort of flip back the other way this year with Brown maybe seeing a larger commission percentage and improved retention now that we're on the other side of those large increases?
Powell Brown: Yes. I don't remember, I'm looking at Andy. I don't remember exactly saying that, but let me clarify the point. I want you to know that it is very competitive in property. And so what I mean by that is, we are always looking for what's in the best interest of the customer because if we don't, somebody else will. So what I mean by that is, there are instances in any market where we may have to give up some commission to get an account or something and maybe over time, we're able to build it back. But having said that, I would tell you that pricing is of paramount importance either on the way up or on the way down. And so I would lead you more towards, it's more about what is the absolute price as opposed to how we're compensated on it. And I believe that we're being compensated fairly. And I don't believe that there are - I don't feel like there's a compression that's going on in that from the downward pressure, but that's how I'd answer that, Rob.
Andy Watts: Yes, Rob, in this market, I guess, with your comment, don't take it like we're out of the woods and like we're in a completely different level of the cycle. I mean, rates have been going up for five or six years. This is kind of the first part of the year when you start to see some declines, but you're not seeing 25s or 40s or anything like that. And it's not like we've been doing this for a few years. So customers right now are saying, in many cases, excellent, I can either get some more limits or great, I'll take it to my P&L just because they've taken so much pain over the last few years that, so we're very early in a cycle, which we'll see what happens with storm season.
Rob Cox: Okay, got it. I appreciate that. And maybe just as a follow-up on contingent commissions, are you already starting to see kind of some of this upward pressure on casualty loss trend in your contingent commissions? And would you expect that to potentially impact the remainder of 2024 or 2025?
Powell Brown: I think we just continue to see loss activity. I'm not even talking just solely about casualty, but we see loss activity impacting profit-sharing and contingencies. So I think that it is a kind of a universal kind of across-the-board phenomenon, it's not one line of business.
Andy Watts: Yes. I mean, Rob, the areas that have been under pressure for a while, which we've talked about in retail is auto. I don't think that takes anybody by surprise with the level of pricing that has been pushed through most auto books that are out there. So we don't see that abating anytime soon.
Rob Cox: Okay. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Rob.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Sidney Schultz: Yes. Hi, good morning. This is Sid on for Greg. Just staying with the contingent commissions, I understand it's a smaller number, but just looking at the retail segment, they were down by over 50% year-over-year. So can you just remind us if there was some sort of one-time benefit to last year's number or anything that could bleed in the third or fourth quarter from that decline?
Andy Watts: Yes, good morning, Sid. Andy here. We had some - a small amount of troops with the accruals that we made last year, but this is just as we talked about before, primary impacts around auto as well as some of the other lines inside of there.
Sidney Schultz: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on the investment income line item, should we just think of that as being interest rate dependent moving forward? And is there any seasonality we should consider there moving forward?
Andy Watts: Yes. No real seasonality to it. It's more driven-off of rates and then what's the available balances outstanding that have the ability to earn interest on those. You probably saw in there, we've got a higher level of cash at the end of June, Rob. That is where we've got about $500 million we're sitting on, which we'll use for paying down the notes that come up in September for maturity. So that drove some - a little bit of incremental interest income in the quarter.
Sidney Schultz: All right. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Grace Carter with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Grace Carter: Hi, good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Grace Carter: I guess one quick follow-up on the contingents. Just given the dynamics across your different segments, would you expect any of the claims activity that impacted retail contingents in the quarter to bleed into the other segments going forward? Or do you think that just kind of the loss ratio impact there is pretty isolated to the retail segment?
Andy Watts: Good morning, Grace. I guess from what we can see right now, we don't see a significant bleed over. Obviously, anything is possible at this stage, but feel like it's probably more isolated in retail at this stage.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And I guess over time, you all talked about thinking about organic growth kind of in the mid-single-digit range over the long-term. Clearly, it's been quite above that here lately. I guess if you could just help us think about how internally you all are thinking about maybe the glide path back towards sort of historical levels and just how long do you think that it can sustain at these elevated levels that we've seen over the past several quarters and just sort of any sort of puts and takes that you're thinking about from that perspective? Thank you.
Powell Brown: So good morning, Grace. And we don't give technically organic growth guidance. And, yes, you are correct in the range that we have stated and we are not modifying over a long period of time our statements. I think that we continue to execute our plan really well right now. That's number one. Number two, from a standpoint of organic growth, the growth that we are seeing here domestically in our businesses is very similar the growth that we're seeing in our international businesses. So we're pleased with that as well. So what I would say is this. We're not changing our statements on those commentaries. I think that we're executing really well right now. We feel really good about our business. I will acknowledge that we get a little lift on some of that rate pressure, which was, let's say, property for a period of time. But I think that the future relative to organic growth is positive, very positive.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, and good morning. Powell, from a big-picture perspective, can you contrast maybe Brown & Brown's ability to win market share now with, I don't know, five years ago because you've been highlighting that as a driver of growth that's been really, really impressive. I'm wondering if this represents sort of a permanent change in growth prospects.
Powell Brown: Yes, sure. Good morning, Meyer. This is how I would - let me sort of take you back slightly farther than that, let's go back 10 years. And in 10 years ago, we would - generally speaking, we were in a - we were a small and middle-market insurance broker and we still have a lot of that business. But today and we consciously, some of that consciously, some of it, it's better to be lucky than good, we have bought and built capabilities that enable us to be very successful in the upper-middle market and large accounts area. But let's just say upper-middle market for a moment, and specifically in employee benefit. So 10 years ago, were we going after a 5,000 and 10,000 life group? The answer is very limited. Today, we're going after those groups all the time. And so - and that is not just exclusive employee benefits. It could be on casualty, it could be a big property schedule, it could be D&O, it could be cyber, it could be surety, it could be any of these things. So - and then if you want to go back to your time frame, specifically, in the last five years, we have further enhanced and embellished those capabilities, but we're working better together as an organization. So you put increased capabilities with better collaboration, knowing that our teammates are the most important thing at Brown & Brown to be able to deliver that custom - those custom solutions for our customers, it's pretty powerful. And we're having a lot of fun, we're working hard, but we're having a lot of fun too.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That's very helpful. And then a much smaller question, and I know we're all talking about contingent commissions. I guess my question is that commercial auto seems like it's been a terrible line of business forever. So I'm wondering why it's manifesting itself now in terms of contingent pressure as opposed to a year ago.
Powell Brown: I don't think it's manifesting itself now as opposed to a year ago. I think it was embedded in a year ago, which I think Andy was just acknowledging that it's not just casualty. And again, the more unusual verdicts that you see out there that get headlines that is - it is terrible, but it highlights some of that as it rolls through into the carrier's results, but it's not - that was going on last year and it was going on four years ago. So don't - let's not - let's be clear on that.
Meyer Shields: Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ward with Citi. Your line is now open.
Mike Ward: Thanks. Good morning. I was just wondering, following-up on some of the other questions, are you able to quantify at all the - just how much premium in programs is actually exposed to casualty or social inflation and how the underwriting margins have been trending?
Powell Brown: No, we don't break that out, Mike, sorry.
Mike Ward: Okay. And then on - maybe just on the captives. I was hoping you could refresh off on some of the economics with some of the changes with the quota-share captive recently. We were just - we were looking at the Q, I think you sold a stake in 1Q and then the written and earned premium spiked in 2Q. So just kind of curious if you have an outlook for that in the back half in terms of premiums and commissions or fee tailwinds.
Powell Brown: So, Mike, I want to - we want to bring this in sort of for a landing. And here is the bottom line. We are very pleased in the performance of our captives. And we do not in any of our other businesses give individual guidance on the performance of an individual office or business. So what I would say in a broad-reaching statement would be the following. We like the business, we're not going to be giving guidance or talking about that particular business individually on a go-forward basis. We will continue to consider investments in that area. We may, may not do anymore. I don't like the terms never or always, but they will move up and down based on the marketplace. And so we're not going to get into the specifics about X or Y or whatever. And then they - whatever evaluation you do, that will be up to you. And we're not trying to be elusive, but what I'm saying is, we don't talk about the performance of one of our offices. And relative to the size of the business, this is just part of our company and we feel really good about it. And it's in our programs area and Chris and the team have done a great job with it. So it's a long-winded answer of saying no, but it's more of a clarification on how we want to approach it going forward. It's just part of the business, just like all the other businesses that we have, and maybe 500 plus locations. So that's how we'd answer it.
Mike Ward: Got it. Understood. Maybe can I squeeze just a backward looking non-guidance one, just give you opportunity to talk about the U.K. for a sec. I think you've said you - that has a similar growth profile as the U.S., but it looks like revenue accelerated in U.K. Just curious if you have been seeing any difference in the organic growth between the two.
Powell Brown: So let me back up. Remember, we have had a lot of opportunities to acquire businesses there. And some of those businesses are standalone and some of those are going into existing offices. That's one. Number two, as you know, we've bought the - most notably, the one I'm thinking of is Kentro Nexus, which is a program business. So we have more program business based in England today than before. Also, I would tell you that we have acquired in some of the instances, capabilities that are in slightly larger account capabilities as well, not large account, but slightly larger than the SME. And so we feel really good about the opportunities there. Our story and I said this earlier for a reason, anticipating if someone would ask that. But our story is one that is appealing to firms in England because we've been doing it one for 85 years. We're consistent with what we say and we do. And people like the idea that we have teammates. So that's a - I talk about it - we are like a bunch of competitive athletic teams. And if you live in England, you either like football, which is soccer in America, but English football or Rugby. And so most everybody likes one or the other or both. And they like the ownership culture, they like the idea about leaders versus managers, and they like the idea that it's 85 years in business, and we're doing this forever. So what I would say is, there continues to be a lot of consolidation in that market, and we will have - play a role in that. But we feel good and the organic growth opportunities there, I would say, are on par with our business, equivalent businesses here in the States. That's exactly how I'd say it.
Mike Ward: Thank you so much, Powell.
Powell Brown: Yes, Mike, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Scott Heleniak: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to talk - touch base on the employee benefits. Powell, I know you mentioned that just kind of high-level a minute ago, but anything you can talk about in terms of what you're seeing in terms of new business trends there versus the past few quarters or just anything you can share in terms of how that business is trending, anything you're seeing there to call out?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, just as a clarification, Scott, we don't give specific line guidance. So I have to - I want to be careful on how I say this. So I am very pleased with our property and casualty and our employee benefits capabilities at all sizes and shapes, both domestically and overseas. So let's start with that. Number two, my comment earlier was directed at our capabilities to go upmarket and the amount of new business that we are writing. I don't want to give you the impression that new business is more limited towards just employee benefits because it's not. We're writing those same size accounts in property and casualty every day as well. But what I'm saying is, our capabilities there have probably grown more because we were further ahead in property-casualty before we started, if that makes sense. And so we're - we - if you had asked me seven, eight years ago, you have a friend that has a manufacturing operation and it's got 12,000 employees, we may or may not have had all the capabilities to do that. Today, we are very, very capable, whether it's 200 employees, 2,000 employees, 20,000 employees or more. And so it's a great expanded capability and the people, a lot of the people that we are hiring like the way our system is built. So they might be leaving a firm where they've done large accounts, but it's more on a - this is how we do it. We sell one solution and you're coming to a business where it's a customized solution based on any and every customer. So we're excited about that opportunity, but it's not limited to, it is in addition to what we're already doing in P&C, because we got the same thing going on in P&C.
Scott Heleniak: Yes, got it. Makes sense. And just the only other question I had was just on the wholesale units that was strong again, organic up double-digits. Can you just talk about the flow and the trends you're seeing there in terms of any - is there any kind of newer lines you're seeing that are coming in that you weren't before? And is any of that property business going back to the admitted markets? Or is it just different E&S players that are kind of competing for that?
Powell Brown: Yes. So first of all, we are seeing a lot of flow into the business. So not that we didn't before, but there's just a lot of activity, okay, that's the first thing. The second thing is the question you asked is absolutely the right question. And, yes, in limited instances, we are seeing that. And so what I mean by that is when the standard market comes back in, many times they are not riding the full limit of wind, they're writing a sub-limit, but it could be a big number. So for example, you could have a hotel, I'll make this up, in Texas, where it was - it's a superior construction, the whole deal and it's $500 million or $600 million of value and it used to be in the E&S market and a standard market could conceivably come in and write that ground-up, but would provide a $100 million wind limit. That would be an example of when you start - and that is not happening all over the place and is only happening when the construction is really good. So far more accounts are moving out of the E&S market - I'm sorry, out of standard into E&S than from E&S back to standard. But there are instances that I'm aware of that we saw this quarter that would be very similar to that maybe in different geographies, but the same concept. And so I think that there will be carriers that will be very strategic in the use of their CAT capacity. But remember, if you put up $100 million on a building, even if it's fire resistive, that's still hitting against your CAT. So it's a lot different than it was framed, but I'm just saying, it's still - that's a big number to come out of. So they may have written the account three years ago or two years ago, and it went into E&S and it's come back. That's how I see it.
Scott Heleniak: Yes. Okay. Makes sense. Appreciate it. Thanks for all the answers.
Powell Brown: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Powell Brown for closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Yes. Thank you very much, Shannon. Thank you all for joining us today. We're very pleased, as I said, about how we did for the quarter and the prospects going forward. Obviously, we watch very closely because there's a lot of really warm water in the Atlantic and the Gulf. So in the event a storm gets in there, it will probably supercharge it. But we don't know how that will play out until we talk to you again. But as it relates to, and kind of summarizing what Andy and I sort of said today, we feel really good about the business. We feel really good about the prospects and the opportunities we're talking to in the M&A space. We think that the market is changing as we've outlined today. I don't think the property market is going to crater in terms of pricing, but we could have continued downward pressure if there are no storms. And if there are storms, we could have all kinds of scenarios. We could have flattening, we could have upward pressure, we could have any of this stuff. So thank you all very much and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Brown & Brown Inc.'s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect their current views and with respect to future events, including those relating to the Company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the Company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter and its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the Company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the Company's reports filed in the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future results or otherwise. In addition, these certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the Company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the Company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin, sir.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Norma. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call. Q1 proved to be another strong quarter where we delivered excellent top- and bottom-line growth. Our team did an outstanding job of winning more net new business again this quarter. I'll provide some high-level comments on our performance along with updates on the insurance market and the M&A landscape. Then Andy will discuss our financials in more detail. Lastly, I'll wrap up with some comments, some closing thoughts and comments before we open it up to Q&A. Now let's get into our results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 4. We delivered over $1.25 billion of revenue, growing 12.7% in total and 8.6% organically over the first quarter of 2023. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin improved by 130 basis points to 37% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 18.8% to $1.14. On the M&A front, we completed six acquisitions with estimated annual revenue of $16 million. I'm on Slide 5. Growth in markets we operate in has not materially changed compared to the fourth quarter of last year as consumer spending remained resilient. Levels of hiring and investment were similar to what we experienced in the second half of '23. However, there continues to be a shortage of workers for many industries, which has also driven elevated levels of inflation. From an insurance pricing standpoint, the overall changes in rates for most lines were relatively consistent with the fourth quarter of last year. Pricing for employee benefits was similar to prior quarters with medical and pharmacy costs up 7% to 9%. These pressures are driving strong demand for our EV consulting businesses. Rates in the admitted P&C markets were up 5% to 10% for most lines, while we continue to see decreases of 5% to 10% for workers' compensation in most states. However, we're starting to see some changes in rates for casualty, professional lines and CAT property as compared to prior quarters. Due to ongoing levels of inflation and the size of legal judgments, pricing for excess casualty lines continues to increase, and we're seeing upward pressure for primary limits. Over the majority of my career, primary liability rates seem to have been under downward pressure. As you've seen, the excess market has been up substantially in the past few years. And with the continued deterioration in the general liability market, the primary rate seems to be moving up in certain lines of business. Now, it seems there's an upward pressure on both primary and excess rates. For professional liability, we saw a slight improvement in pricing as compared to last quarter, but rates are still flat to down 10%. CAT property rates moderated during the quarter as compared to 2023. We saw many accounts that had low or no losses with rates down 10% or more. And accounts with losses or poor construction or a combination of both increased slightly to up 15%. This was driven by some carriers or facilities willing to put up additional limits combined with some new capital entering the marketplace. As we've seen some downward rate pressure on certain properties, this may have a slight impact on those offices in CAT areas. However, their new business activity remains strong, and they're performing well. As we've always said, our organic growth in a steady state economy is generally driven two-thirds by exposure units and one-third by rate. In CAT prone areas, the rate impact might be slightly higher. Keep in mind, we've built a highly diversified company in geography, lines of coverage and customer size as these enable our consistently strong financial performance. Lastly, in the M&A marketplace, it continued to be competitive for high-quality businesses. The quarter, we remained active building relationships with lending companies and acquiring another six. I'm on Slide 6. Let's transition to the performance of our three segments. Retail delivered another great quarter with organic growth of 7.2%, winning a lot of new customers along with good retention. In addition, all lines performed -- business performed well. We're very pleased how the team is leveraging our collective capabilities in order to create unique solutions for our customers. Our goal has always been to have the tools and capabilities to serve our customers as they grow and become more complex. We have strategically built our employee benefits and property and casualty businesses to serve customers of all sizes, those with less than 50 to over 50,000 lives as well as start-ups to multibillion-dollar revenue company. The program segment had an outstanding quarter, delivering organic growth of 11.8%. This is even with the headwinds of $8 million of flood claims processing revenue we recognized in the first quarter of last year. Our highly diversified global portfolio of over 60 programs performed very well for the quarter as we continue to provide market differentiated solutions that enable us to bind more accounts. Wholesale Brokerage delivered another strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 10.8%. This growth was primarily driven by binding more net new business and rate increases. Our highly diversified lines of business, including open brokerage, delegated authority and personal lines grew very well during the quarter. Now, I'll turn it over to Andy to get into more details regarding our financial results.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide number 7. I'll review our financial results in additional detail. When we refer to EBITDAC, EBITDAC margin, income before income taxes or diluted net income per share, we are referring to those measures on an adjusted basis, which now reflect the previously announced exclusion of intangible asset amortization. The reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found either in the appendix of this presentation or in the press release we issued yesterday. We delivered total revenues of $1,258 million, growing 12.7% as compared to the first quarter in the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 19.4% and EBITDAC grew by 17.1%. Our EBITDAC margin was 37%, expanding by an impressive 130 basis points over the first quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate for the quarter was down slightly from the prior year, with diluted net income per share increasing 18.8% from last year to $1.14. Our weighted average shares outstanding increased a little over 1% as we continue to prioritize paying down debt on a full year basis as this has a higher contribution to earnings per share, cash flow and shareholder value. Lastly, our dividends per share paid increased by 13% as compared to the first quarter of last year. Overall, it was a very strong quarter. We're on Slide number 8. The Retail segment grew total revenues by 10% with organic growth of 7.2%. The difference between total revenues and organic revenue was driven by acquisition activity over the past year. EBITDAC grew slightly slower than total revenues due primarily to higher non-cash stock-based compensation costs as well as lower contingent commissions. We're on Slide number 9. Programs had another strong quarter with total revenues growing 16.9% and organic growth of 11.8%. The incremental growth in total revenues in excess of organic was driven primarily by increased contingent commissions due to our strong underwriting performance and a quiet hurricane season in 2023. The growth in contingent commissions included approximately $7 million related to finalizing prior year estimates that we do not expect to recur in the first quarter of next year. Our EBITDAC margin expanded by 580 basis points to 42.3%, driven by the leveraging of our expense base, higher contingents and the sale of certain claims processing businesses in the fourth quarter of 2023. We're over on Slide number 10. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another great quarter with total revenue growth of 15.4% and organic growth of 10.8%. The incremental growth in total revenues in excess of organic was driven by higher contingent commissions and acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. Our EBITDAC margin increased by 150 basis points to 32.4% due to leveraging our expense base and higher contingent commissions. A few comments regarding cash generation and capital allocation. From a cash flow perspective, our first quarter is normally the lowest of the year. In addition, for this year, our cash flow from operations was impacted by paying two-quarters of federal income taxes for 2023 that were permitted to be deferred as part of Hurricane Idalia tax relief and the payment of income taxes associated with -- on the sale of certain businesses in the fourth quarter of last year. We're continuing to expect another strong year of cash generation and a conversion ratio of cash flow from operations to revenues in the range of 22% to 24%. Lastly, we ended the quarter with approximately $580 million of operating cash and are in a strong capital position. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. From an economic standpoint, we expect growth to continue this year. As we've mentioned before, we do think this expansion will moderate towards more normal levels over the coming quarters. With persistent inflation and a tight labor market, we believe there's a good backdrop that will drive growth, hiring and investment for many businesses. Regarding the admitted markets, we believe overall rate changes will remain relatively similar to what we experienced in the first quarter. For the E&S markets, rate decreases for professional lines should continue to moderate as we expect casualty both primary in access to further increase. Based on what we see today, we believe there will be continued rate pressure for CAT property. This is highly dependent on early storm activity this year. Regarding M&A, we're in a great position with a strong balance sheet and access to capital. We continue to talk to a lot of companies and build relationships. Our disciplined approach has proven to be very successful as we're focused on acquiring high-quality organizations that fit culturally. We have great momentum coming out of the first quarter, there's good economic outlook and our team continues to win more net new business by leveraging our collective capabilities. This positions us to deliver another year of industry-leading financial results. With that, we'll turn it back over to Norma to open the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Cox: Maybe just firstly on the margins. I was curious if the margin breakdown this quarter was kind of how you envision this year playing out with National Programs leading the way? And is it right to think that divesting the claims processing business in the fourth quarter created sustainable margin improvement in National Programs that should flow through to coming quarters?
Andy Watts: Rob, it's Andy here. I think as we've talked about in the past, margins can move around in the segments by individual quarters. I think, overall, we're extremely pleased with the performance for the first quarter. There will probably be ups and downs of orders. And as an example, I know we've talked about in the past third quarter, we normally will budget for storms and a half. You never know how exactly that's going to turn out. So that kind of moves things back around. And then at least for this year, on the sale of some of those services businesses is, yes, year-over-year, we'll see an increase in the margin from that disposal.
Robert Cox: Okay. Great. And then just in regard to the pricing moderation in property CAT, I'm just trying to wrap our heads around if increased demand for coverage could offset some of the pricing declines and kind of the magnitude of each of those factors, and how that could play out for Brown & Brown organic growth in 2Q and beyond?
Powell Brown: So, Rob, what I would say is this, we -- I actually thought that we would be at this place a little sooner in the cycle than today. So, I thought we might have been here a year ago or somewhere between a year ago and today. So, what are you seeing, and let me describe that and then I'll answer your question, number one, remember, most buyers of insurance have what I call pricing fatigue? So, if you have gotten a price increase on your condo or your properties or whatever for the past four or five years, you're just over it. That's the first thing. The second thing is sometimes even though you do the very best you can as the broker, sometimes the client shoots the messenger because they're just so frustrated with the marketplace. Having said that, what you're finding today is people that wrote a $10 million primary are giving you $20 million or $25 million now, and that's bumping out several of those buffer layers. So, you're going to have downward pressure on the overall program. So, you have several scenarios that could occur. One, yes, you could buy more limits although my instinct would be because of the pricing fatigue, they would probably not buy more limits right now. Number two, they might be able to get slightly better terms and conditions, which would be good. And three, in the event that we don't have another storm this year sometime, that pricing pressure, downward, will continue. That said, and we've always said in E&S, in our wholesale business and in our Retail business, we actually write a lot of business when the market is going up and when the market is going down. Usually, you don't see as much in that market, the E&S market when the rates are flat, which they're relatively never flat. That's the answer, excuse me.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Gregory Peters: So, I would like to -- Powell, in your comments, you talked about different rate movements and then you mentioned this two-thirds to one-third ratio. I guess I'm trying to reconcile the downward pressure moderating upward pressure in some of the lines of business. Can you give us a perspective on like how much of your total business is excess and surplus lines? How much is property? How much is excess casualty, just so we can sort of gauge moving pieces?
Powell Brown: Well, Greg, it's nice to talk to you this morning and thank you for the question. I know you know the answer to this, but we don't give that level of detail out. However, what I would say is this, we write lots of CAT property in all CAT prone states, but we don't write it all exclusively from the CAT prone states. So, you could have an office that is in Chicago or Minneapolis or Milwaukee that writes business in these areas as well. That's number one. Number two, from a casualty standpoint, think about we write an enormous amount in our Retail business of package business. And in that package business, property many times is not the biggest part of the account. The largest account many times is workers' compensation followed by either auto or general liability. So, I know I didn't answer your question, but I'm just trying to give you a little color on our book in small, medium, upper middle market and even large accounts. And so, you're going to have a certain segment in the large accounts that are going to not be as affected up or down because if they're on fees. But what I would say is, we are very focused on delivering very, very competitive programs for our customers. And that is, in many instances, going to have downward pressure on our property book. There is some offset. I'm not going to say it's one for one, but there is some offset with this pressure in the casualty areas and the moderation in professional liability rates going down.
Andy Watts: Greg, just on this, I mean, I know we've talked about it, we started last year going through a few different times. And then, we've been over on other calls. I think the reason why we mentioned a lot about diversification in the business is while we do write a lot of CAT property, we write a lot of non-CAT property. We write a lot of other lines. We're across multiple industries, geographies. So, we don't have this major concentration in any area, which we think is a really good thing for our business because if one thing could be up, something else could be down. It puts a nice balance across the organization.
Gregory Peters: Right. Makes sense. I guess as a follow-up, Andy, I think in your prepared comments, you called out a one-time benefit in the program side. Can you quantify that again? You were going through this quickly so I didn't catch all the detail.
Andy Watts: Sure. Yes, no problem. What we had called out as you said about $7 million of the contingent commissions that we recorded in the first quarter were related to finalizing the estimates that we recorded last year. So, we would not expect to see that in Q1 of next year. So just keep that in mind for modeling purposes next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Zaremski: Back to the contingents, and we could take this offline, if you think it's warranted. But if we take out the $7 million, contingents were still much better than I feel like you've kind of directionally guided to, although the guide, I believe is for a full year. So, I'm just trying to get at is there -- was there -- is there a seasonality or a pull forward on your -- in 1Q that we should be cognizant of when we think about the next three quarters of the year? Or is there kind of a change in your view now, ex the $7 million of your view on contingents for the year?
Powell Brown: No, I wouldn't say that there was any pull forward in any nature, so no timing or anything in nature. When we record the contingent commissions based upon the policies that we place with the written premium that's out there. And we estimate those to the best knowledge that we have at the time on what we believe the profitability of the book will be. So that's why there's always going to be some sort of adjustments up and down to the estimates. I think as we went into the year, we thought that they would probably be flat to up a little bit. There'll probably be now with the first quarter looks like qualifying potentially for a little bit more than what we had before, which is good for us for the year. And then, there's always a question of kind of what happens during storm season. That's always kind of the wildcard that may adjust the calculations.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. Lastly, switching gears to cash flow as a percentage of revenues, loud and clear about the 22% to 24% guide still near term. I believe in the past -- not too distant past, you talked about a higher figure closer to 25% being normal. Can you walk us through quickly what -- why lower today and whether they're -- and I guess we can figure out whether it could go back to a higher level over time, depending on the -- what's keeping it down today?
Powell Brown: Yes. So, Mike, so your first question is, and I think what we said in the past is, we think that the business kind of over a medium term -- medium to long term has a conversion ratio of cash flow from ops, somewhere around 24% to 26%. We still feel really good with that range for the organization. It's come down over the last 1.5 years, 2 years, primarily associated with the higher interest expense. But as we're now kind of making that lap and you can see the impact on cash flow from interest expense for the quarter, right, it was minimal. The main thing impacting this year was really the incremental taxes that we talked about. So, if you were -- if you take those and kind of isolate that in your projections, you'd see we're actually back pretty close to our normal rate this year. So, we feel really comfortable upon what happens with interest rates or if we take on any incremental debt for acquisitions or whatever, that there's a pretty clear path back to that by next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: You had mentioned the employee benefits, the medical pharmacy up 7% to 9%. Was the organic in benefits comparable to the overall organic number? Or was it a little bit faster in benefits, a little bit slower?
Powell Brown: Once again, we don't usually break out, as you know, the specifics on P&C and benefits, but I would tell you, we're very pleased with the way our benefits business is growing organically and the capabilities that we've built over the last 10 years there. We're able, Mark, to compete on basically any size account here domestically. It could have 100,000 lives. It could have 100 lives. And so, we're very pleased with how that business is performing.
Mark Hughes: And then, the wholesale open brokerage, any observations there about the growth profile in that business kind of this quarter versus last quarter? And are you still seeing the mix shift into excess and surplus? Or has that stabilized? How do you see that?
Andy Watts: Yes. I think the short answer to that is yes, we continue to still see accounts coming in to the E&S marketplace. That's number one. Number two, I would say that to my earlier comments, any time the rates are going up or going down, there is opportunity to write a lot of new business. Having said that, there also is sort of a reset in the market. So, I'm going to use my term is sort of -- I'm not going to say chaos, but it's a little bit chaotic in terms of who will do what and how do you get to additional limits or some markets will put out more limits. And so, you've had a lot of very strong results in some carriers domestically and overseas. And those carriers or marketplaces will want to play in the CAT property market. So, I would say that it creates a lot of opportunity for us, but don't lose sight of the fact that I made the comment when you have five years of increasing rates, sometimes we, as the messenger gets shot in the process. Now that works both ways. We pick up a lot business that way, but we also are subject to lose business that way because the buyer is just tired.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, you guys have continued to post pretty strong organic growth within the program segment. I know you guys pointed out, I think -- Powell, you that you guys lapped some one-off revenue last Q1. So, can you just dive into a little bit more detail on what's driving the really strong growth there? And should we expect to persist throughout the rest of the year? And I guess, I'm looking more kind of away just from some of the revenue -- from the captive just in the programs, the traditional programs ex the captive business?
Powell Brown: And glad that you recognize that strong performance in programs today. We appreciate that. Number one, remember, inside of programs, we have several programs that have either significant wind exposure, that would be CAT property or earthquake exposure. So that's not really a CAT event, but it is an area where there is more competition. So, what I would tell you is we do think that there are good growth opportunities us going forward in programs. We -- as we said last quarter, we have moderated those slightly just because we are starting to see more entrants, i.e., in the E&S space on wind, so CAT wind, and we're starting to see some more competitors in quake. That said, we feel really good about the Programs business, as you know. And we think about it very long term. So, the performance of our underwriting facilities has delivered really good results for our carrier partners. And so, what we find is more and more carrier partners want to come and join our facilities. That doesn't mean that we can put them all in those facilities, but I'm just saying there continues to be a great deal of interest. And I would remind you and everyone else, only 12 short years ago when we bought Arrowhead, there was a feeling that maybe MGAs were not as good as they are today. So, you all in the investment community sort of said, that might be a mistake or you're changing the business or the case may be, and we've been very fortunate, Arrowhead was a very good acquisition, and we got a lot of very good leaders out of it. And so, we're very pleased, but it is interesting how the tide turns. I would also mention one final thing. We have a lender-placed business where we do loan processing and things like that and that business has performed very well in terms of, we've written a lot of new business there as well. So, I hope that answers your question, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. And then my second question is on margin. You guys have said your guidance last quarter, Andy, I think, was slightly up for the full year, obviously started off pretty strong. And it sounds like you're not changing the guidance for contingents, right, because to a prior question, there was no forward. So, does it now feel like margins should come in better than expected for the full year? And how should we think about -- I know there are some headwinds from captives in the back half as we think about losses. But is there anything else you could point out if we just think about, I guess, there's some tailwinds relative to the original margin guide for the full year?
Andy Watts: We still feel really good about the guidance for the full year right now. And I think to your point, the question is, what's the potential impact, and more than likely in the third quarter, but it could be the fourth quarter of storm claim activity. So, I think would it just be in the first quarter. I was very, very pleased with the first quarter. But I think right now, we're probably hold with still up slightly, but feel -- we feel really good about the year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jing Li with KBW. Your line is now open.
Jing Li: I just have a question on the program margin. So, I know you mentioned you included the sale of the service segment. Is it possible to see what's the impact on the margin that can you put a number on? Or...
Andy Watts: Yes. Jing is probably the easiest way to give that if you go back to the 8-K that we put out in early March, you can kind of see the impact of the businesses, and the businesses that we sold rolled into National Programs, that will give you a pretty easy way to calculate that.
Jing Li: Just follow-up on the Retail segment margin. They also contracted a little year-over-year. Can you please add more color on that?
Powell Brown: Sure. And I would tell you that, as you know, we don't think one quarter makes a trend. We were very pleased with the organic growth in our Retail business and the amount of new business that we are winning on a net new basis. I'll also tell you that we write business in Q1 and not all the revenue comes in, in Q1, as you know. So, it comes in over subsequent quarters. So having said that, please don't think one quarter, whether it's up slightly, down slightly, create the trend. We're trying to improve the business over the long term. That's one year, three years, five years, 10 years. And if you look at the performance of our retail business in the last, let's say, three years, we're extremely pleased with not only the organic growth, but the margin profile. So, we're very bullish on Retail as we have been. And so, thank you for the question, but I would say that we're very pleased and don't take a little up or a little down too far out of context.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Powell, I'm just curious, there's some data out this quarter that showed -- stamping that showed E&S kind of premium slowing in some of the major states. I'm wondering if that's what you're experiencing seeing that maybe the standard markets are getting a little more of a risk appetite here and the E&S kind of growth rates that we've been seeing are slowing? Or maybe we're just misinterpreting that?
Powell Brown: I think, Brian, I would hold judgment on that, and let me tell you why. Let's just use the state of California for a moment. You read a lot about the state of California and what's going on. There was a large carrier that's a direct writer that has a bunch of folks. I think [Caitlin Clark] is a spokesperson for who they just had their carrier in the state downgraded to be, okay? And so, they are talking about non-renewing 30,000 policies in that state. So, the question is, where is it going to go? And the answer is it may go into the fair plan, which is not the desire of the state. And so -- but they may -- that may flow into this fair plan in the near term. Those ultimately may come out of the fair plan and into the E&S market. So, there's an example in the state of California. In the state of Florida, as you probably know, the number of policies in Citizens, the state facility, has technically gone down year-over-year. I think that's a little misleading because what you had is you had a number of depopulation companies come and they allocated those policies to them. So again, in states like California, Florida, as noted, even Texas and others, Louisiana, the insurance commissioners are trying, first and foremost, to create an environment where there is a competitive environment that actually there is affordability and availability. And so, I would not read too much into those early indications because the next time that report comes out, Brian, it might say up substantially. I don't think it would say up substantially, but up. So, I would just hold judgment on that one.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then specifically on Florida, are you seeing any additional capacity coming at this point because of the legislative changes? I think we're hearing a little bit about that.
Andy Watts: Yes. So, what I would say is the legislative changes, that's going to take time for that fully to bake in. So don't make the assumption that you effectuate a law and then all of a sudden, immediately, they start lining up. It just doesn't work that way. What I would say though is on the flip side, as I described, carriers that might provide a $10 million primary limit on a property might actually provide a $20 million or a $25 million, and we are seeing that on certain properties in Florida. So technically, I view that as more willingness to write and extend limits, which in turn is downward pressure for the buyer, the client -- that's good for the client. And so, we're seeing some of that. It is not all downward. I do not want anybody to come away from this call saying, hey, every piece of property is going down. That is not the case. If you talk to our senior leaders and leaders in Florida and our Retail business, and you said, what's happening in property? Depending on the line or the type of business, they might say it's down in condos. It might be up overall slightly with all properties and -- but there are just very, very unique distinctions in there. So, think not so much legislative action yet, it's more market action.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Grace Carter with Bank of America.
Grace Carter: Looking at the contingent commissions and national program past couple of quarters, even taking out the non-recurring benefit this quarter, there's been some pretty significant growth. I was hoping you could help us kind of frame that across underlying growth in the business versus maybe improvements in underwriting performance versus just the contribution from the relatively low storm activity last year, just to kind of help us think about how that might look going forward and what sort of growth rate we should assume?
Andy Watts: I think as we mentioned in our comments or prepared remarks, really driven off of both of those factors that are out there. We think we deliver some of the best underwriting results for our carrier partners in the industry. And so, I think that's reflective of the contingent commissions that we're able to participate in. And then with the lower storm claim -- or the lower storm activity last year, that is providing for at least incremental also this year again, we'll kind of see what happens as we get through the storm. And then you've got some which is just based upon the growth in the business. The one thing to keep in mind is Programs is very different than if you look at Retail. And the Retail generally kind of trends right along with the growth in commissions and fees. You can see ups and downs within Programs that you wouldn't get the same correlation in some of the other divisions just because we may qualify for a program -- or qualify for contingent commissions for one program one year and another not inside of there. So, you may see a little bit more volatility over there. Okay.
Grace Carter: And I guess thinking about the interest rate environment, it seems like rates might be staying a bit higher for longer relative to what a lot of economists thought at the beginning of the year. I know that you all said that the competition for M&A has stayed pretty steady so far this year, but just as some of your competitors that have historically been a bit more sensitive to interest rates when considering deal activity, just kind of come to the realization that rates might be higher for longer. Do you expect any sort of changes to the environment when looking at deals for the remainder of the year or everything should stay pretty steady?
Powell Brown: So, Grace, this is Powell. I would say that we think that it will continue to be a very competitive environment from M&A. Having said that, there are certain firms that are more short term in nature that are highly leveraged that would be more sensitive that to interest rates. And we may see one or some of them not be as active for a period of time because of their debt load. Having said that, there seems to be plenty of other shorter-term firms that are based on leverage that seem to be active as well. So, I don't want you to get the impression that the higher interest rate environment is going to dramatically change the level of competition. That might change the names of the participants, but not the number or how competitive it is. We haven't seen that.
Andy Watts: Grace, I want to come back to one of the things just on the contingent. I know we talked about programs. Just other thing, keep in mind, in Retail, and you saw it in the numbers and everything, contingents were down in the Retail business and year-over-year, about $1.4 million or so is -- and we've had downward pressure on the contingents that we earn within personal lines just based upon overall profitability within personal lines in that -- just that sector right now. We expect that to probably continue on for this year. So, can you just kind of keep that in mind as you're looking at trending on also on retail, okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Scott Heleniak: There's some data showing M&A was slower for the industry in Q1. And just wondering, I know you talked about just a minute ago, what you're seeing in your pipeline and outlook there for 2024 as specific to you because your M&A has held up pretty well in 2023. Just any thoughts there?
Powell Brown: Sure. Scott, I want you to, again, don't draw too many conclusions from one quarter or even six months. Acquisitions are not linear as you know, and when and why people sell is different. And we are always talking to people to want to be at the table when and if, but it's usually when they decide to sell. And so, we believe it's all about cultural fit and obviously, it has to make sense financially for both parties. But usually, in these competitions when we are talking to someone, it becomes very obvious in the process that there may be on cultural fit, whether that's us or not, maybe it may not be us that fit with that seller. And then many times, that is who they do a transaction with, not exclusively, but many times. And so, when I say that, I would tell you that you'll laugh when I say this, but our pipeline is good. It will be good next quarter. It will probably be good next year or two, and I'm not trying to be funny, but we got plenty of opportunities. It's just a question of do they fit culturally and do they make sense financially. And we're not rushing to do something. The one thing that you may know about us is in the investment community, there are three things that they say about Brown & Brown this with certainty. Number one, we pay with cash. It's hard to argue with greenbacks. Number two, when we give someone a term sheet that is not a license to renegotiate after due diligence like some others. So, we do what we say and say what we do. And three is when we make a decision, we get a up and go. So those, we believe, are three redeeming factors, but we talk to people, and we are trying to make sure that they understand what day two is going to look like, not the process of courtship. And so, we feel really good about the things that we got going on. We got people talking to people all the time. And I think that there will continue to be an enormous amount of consolidation in our industry in the next three to seven years. And we are going to be right here able to look at and/or participate in a lot of it.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Just the other -- just the other follow-up I had was just -- I know you don't break it out specifically, but anything you can share on organic growth trends outside of the U.S. And just kind of -- I'm not looking for a specific number. Just anything you can comment on in terms of what you're seeing in Europe and with some of the acquisitions you've closed over the past few years. Just any kind of general comment on revenue growth trends you're seeing there?
Powell Brown: Sure. So, Scott, I would say that it is performing in a very similar fashion to our businesses domestically. So, we're very pleased with the performance of our businesses overseas. And that's not just Europe. I mean, Canada, we got a lot of cool stuff going. But we are very pleased and -- but I would say as a broad statement, I think that its performance is very similar to what we say.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It comes from the line of Michael Ward with Citi.
Michael Ward: Maybe just taking a step back on programs. There's been a lot of discussion around this. I just -- can you -- are you able to help us understand the breakout in the strength just between rate versus exposure versus new business?
Andy Watts: Andy here. So, we don't break out that level of granularity, but we're very pleased with the growth in the business of what we're driving from new business where we are on policy retention in that business as well as the rate mix across all the programs again to Powells earlier comment. Depends on individual programs, they can be impacted more or less by rate, but we operate 60 programs around the world. And so, we're really pleased with the overall mix. But generally, that overall business as well as the others, a lot of ours comes out of net new business as we talked about.
Powell Brown: Let me mention one other thing, Mike, just as a broad statement, I know you know this. But remember, we're underwriting on behalf of our carry partners. So, we have this enormous responsibility to try to the best of our ability to write good risks. And so, we take that responsibility very seriously. And having said that, the growth that we have enjoyed, albeit quite good is I have to -- you've got to understand, we are doing our jobs of risk selection. So, what I'm trying to say is that is not we write everything that moves. And I know you know that, but I think it's important for everybody to hear that. There is a lot of business that just doesn't fit and that's okay. And so, we would rather show disciplined underwriting on both ends of that spectrum. So, some people -- and by the way, we've grown very nicely. But the answer is if we didn't do it the way we've done it, it could have grown a lot more, but the results longer term for our carrier partners would not have been as good. So very important distinction.
Andy Watts: Well -- and also that one, Mike, is you can do that short term and grow the heck out of it. We also lose the contingents that probably come along with it, and that's an important part of our business because we want to make sure that we're placing good business for our carrier partners. We don't want to go through a carrier change. That's really painful for everybody. So, we try to think about these for a longer-term horizon rather than just growing it by a quarter or over four quarters.
Michael Ward: Got it. Really helpful. Maybe just thinking back to your comments, Powell, around casualty and liability pricing ticking up. Just sort of curious your views like if you think we're kind of in the earlier innings of something a continued sort of upward trend or if it seems a little bit more short term?
Powell Brown: Well, Mike, it's -- as I said, I've only been in the insurance business for 34 years. And in that period of time, it seems most of that time, there's been downward pressure on GL rates. And now there is -- as you've read and are starting to see, there's more and more adverse development in the last couple accident years particularly '19, '18, maybe '20. And so, if you talk to our carrier partners more on a philosophical level, not just on an individual risk level, I think there is a feeling that there could be, well, a logical response would be there could and should be some upward pressure on liability rates in the near to intermediate term. That means the next several years. That's what I think the logic and the rationale would say. That said, our industry has never been known for being, on the risk-bearing side, totally rational or totally logical. But based on what I've seen, I think we're going to continue to see more upward pressure on excess, meaning umbrellas. And I do think we're going to start to see it may not be a big bump. I'm not talking about boom goes north, real fab, but I think we're going to continue to see some upward pressure on general liability, and it's not going to be this year or next year. It could be a couple of years.
Michael Ward: Really helpful. Maybe if I could sneak one specific one just on dealer services. Just curious what you guys are seeing in terms of like inventory levels out there and activity in that segment.
Andy Watts: Mike, it's Andy here. I think what we've seen, at least over kind of the last year or so in that range is inventories are back, probably not to where they were, we'll call it pre-COVID, but you can find cars and trucks today and RVs because we work in that space, which is good. I think you're seeing some of the prices for used cars are coming down a little bit that are out there. You've got some sensitivity around interest rates depending upon the profile of the buyer and everything. But I think our overall customer base is doing well. We're continuing to win more customers in that space and feel good about the outlook in comparison to kind of where we were coming down off of the highs of COVID when -- I mean, cars and trucks were just flying off the lots back then. We feel like we've kind of got through that space. So, we don't have at least today, thinking that we've got any headwinds coming at us.
Operator: At this time, I'm currently showing no further questions. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Powell Brown for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Norma, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. I just want to make a couple of concluding comments. One, we are seeing a lot of new business opportunities and capturing those. So, I'm very pleased about the amount of new business that we're writing and the net new that that's translating through into our books. Number two, change creates opportunity. And so, the changes that you've heard today, and I'm specifically thinking about CAT property, although it creates some chaos, that creates some opportunity and most importantly, it creates benefits for our customers. So, I just want to mention that. And three, relative to the acquisition space, we don't have a hard and fast rule of exactly how much we want to buy every year. We have a goal that we'd like to shoot at. But it's always about acquisitions that fit culturally and make sense financially. Do I think there are going to be a lot of opportunities this year? I do. Do I think there will be more next year? I think the -- I don't know if there's going to be more, but I think there will be an equal amount. I think there's lots of change ahead in distribution. I think there are a lot of firms that are owned that are -- that have private equity backing that are trying to figure out what the next step is. And so, it's going to be an interesting time. I'm not signaling one over the other. That's not what I'm trying to say. But we feel really good about the business. We had a great quarter. We feel really good going into Q2. And we look forward to talking to you next time. You all have a nice day. Good day, and good luck. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the Investor Presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call. We delivered another outstanding performance in the fourth quarter, capping off an incredible year. We delivered over $4 billion of revenues, double-digit organic growth, strong margin expansion, and generated operating cash in excess of $1 billion. 2023 was a great year for the Brown & Brown team as we continue to focus on how best to leverage the Power of We. This topic was discussed at our September Investor Day and our goal is to leverage our collective capabilities in order to create and deliver the best solutions for our customers. Our 2023 results were a reflection of these efforts as we meaningfully increased our new business and had strong retention. We continue to enhance existing capabilities and add new capabilities both domestically and internationally. On the M&A front, we were quite active acquiring over 30 companies across our largest three divisions, expanding our footprint in North America and Europe. From a capital allocation perspective, we continued our disciplined approach with the goal of optimizing shareholder returns with a balanced mix of M&A and internal investments, while also continuing to pay down our debt and maintain a conservative balance sheet. We also increased our dividends for the 30th consecutive year. At the end of the day, these results are only possible due to the hard work and dedication of our 16,000 plus teammates throughout the world. We thank all of them for their incredible efforts in 2023. Now let's get into our results for the quarter. I'm on slide five. We delivered another quarter of revenues exceeding $1 billion, growing 13.8% in total and 7.7% organically over the fourth quarter of '22. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin remained strong at 31% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 16% to $0.58. On the M&A front, we were active and completed 13 acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $109 million. On slide six. In '23, we achieved our interim goal of exceeding $4 billion of revenue. We delivered nearly $4.3 billion, growing 19% in total and over 10% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was 33.9%, increasing 120 basis points. Over the past four years, we've grown total revenues by over 75% and have increased our industry-leading margins in excess of 400 basis points. On an adjusted basis, our net income per share grew over 23% to $2.81. Lastly, we had a good year of M&A, completing acquisitions with approximately $162 million of annual revenue. We are very pleased with the quality of the organization, the new capabilities and the teammates that were added during the year, with the largest being Kentro. I'm on slide seven. Transitioning the insurance marketplace overall is relatively similar to last quarter. Rates in the admitted market were up 5% to 10% for most lines and we continue to see rate decreases and workers compensation in most states. Placement for CAT property and excess liability continued to be difficult with rates for property up 10% to 30% and liability flat to up 10%. In addition to rate increases, it's also challenging to find desired limits. Buyers are exhausted with the level of premium increases. Customers continue to either reduce limits or participate in certain layers in order to manage their premium increases. In December, we did see some moderation in the rate of increase for CAT property, primarily in the London markets. We believe this was driven by low hurricane activity in 2023 and carriers holding capacity for the end of the year. Do not take this comment that we believe rates are going to start decreasing in the first half of 2024. Professional liability and cyber coverage continued to soften as compared to last year. Rate changes for professional liability were up slightly, maybe five to down 20. The insurance marketplaces in California, Florida, Louisiana and Texas for personal lines remain challenging with policies continuing to move in the state-sponsored plans or the E&S market. Even with these challenges, we are well-positioned to help our customers navigate these difficult markets. Our customers continue to invest in the business -- their businesses and hire employees, although the level of investment is not as high as a year ago. We would summarize the overall economic sentiment for our customers as cautiously optimistic. We're very pleased with our M&A activity in the fourth quarter and the year, although volumes across the industry were down materially as compared to 2022. We had a number of great businesses joined the Brown & Brown team. From our standpoint, we continue to be active and disciplined during the quarter. We're extremely pleased with our full year results, delivering 10.2% organic revenue growth, over $4 billion in revenues and nearly $1.5 billion of adjusted EBITDAC. Our team did an incredible job of delivering for our customers and winning a bunch of new business along the way in a very difficult market. I'm on slide eight. Let's transition to discuss about the performance of our four segments. Our Retail segment had another great quarter, delivering organic growth of 8.2%. This performance was delivered by continued strong net-new business and rate increases. It was also a very good year for retail, delivering nearly 8% organic growth. The Program segment grew 5.4% organically in Q4, even with materially higher flood claims revenue and incentives in the prior year. During the quarter, we recorded a one-time $19 million charge related to the changing of the reinsurance for one of our captives. This decreased our organic growth by approximately nine percentage points in Programs. For the full year, the team delivered outstanding results with organic growth over 17%. This strong performance was driven by good new business, solid retention and rate increases across most of our programs. Wholesale Brokerage had an outstanding quarter and year growing organically 14.5% in the quarter and 12% for the year. We're seeing good growth in delegated authority personal lines and open brokerage. Organic revenue in our Services segment declined 5.9% for the quarter, primarily due to continued external factors impacting our advocacy businesses and our organic growth for the full year was substantially flat. During the quarter, we announced the completion -- the completed sale of certain assets in the Services business. Now, I'll turn it over to Andy to get on more details regarding our financial results.
Andrew Watts: Right. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to review our consolidated financial results on an adjusted basis, which exclude the change in estimated earn-out payables, one-time acquisition integration costs associated with GRP, BdB, and Orchid, gains and losses on business divestitures, the non-recurring costs recorded in the first quarter of this year and the impact of foreign currency translation. The reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures, including these adjusted amounts to the most closely comparable GAAP amounts can be found either in the appendix of this presentation or in the press release we issued yesterday. In conjunction with the sale of the Services businesses mentioned earlier, we recorded a gain on disposal of approximately $135 million in the fourth quarter, which equates to approximately $0.35 of as-reported earnings per share. On an adjusted basis, total revenues were over $1 billion for the quarter, growing 13.1%, as compared to the fourth quarter in the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 15% and EBITDAC grew by 11.7%. EBITDAC margin was 31%, a slight decrease as compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the previously mentioned one-time change in a reinsurance policy. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.9%, a decrease from the fourth quarter of last year, primarily driven by the change in market value for our company-owned life insurance. Our adjusted diluted net income per share increased by 16% from last year of $0.58. Lastly, our dividends paid increased by 13% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Overall, it was an excellent quarter. We're on slide number 10. The Retail segment grew adjusted total revenues by almost 12% with organic growth of 8.2%. The difference between total revenues and organic revenue was driven by acquisition activity over the past year. EBITDAC grew slightly faster than revenues, and our EBITDAC margin expanded to 27%. This expansion was driven by leveraging our expense base but was partially offset by the impact of higher non-cash stock-based compensation. We're over on slide number 11. National Programs had another outstanding quarter with adjusted total revenues growing 18.7% and organic growth of 5.4%. The incremental growth in total revenues in excess of organic was driven by acquisition activity completed over the last 12 months, increased profit-sharing contingent commissions, and higher interest income. The growth in contingent commissions was primarily driven by lower storm claim activity in 2023, as compared to the prior year and favorable loss development related to 2022. Let's talk about the change in re-insurance for one of our captives. This change allows us to reduce our P&L exposure from a maximum of $25 million, down to approximately $15 million to $20 million. In addition, we anticipate that this change to drive incremental organic growth of $15 million to $20 million in 2024 as compared to 2023. Overall, the captives have been a huge success for our company as they've driven incremental organic growth, aligned us even better with our carrier partners, and delivered great returns on our invested capital. Adjusted EBITDAC grew slightly slower than revenues, and our EBITDAC margin was 43.4%. The decrease in the EBITDAC margin was due to the one-time reinsurance change along with lower flood claim revenues and incentives. These items more than offset higher contingent commissions and leveraging our expense base. For the full year, we had strong margin expansion in Programs. We're over on slide number 12. Our Wholesale segment delivered another strong quarter with adjusted total revenue growth of 14.7% and organic growth of 14.5%. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 60 basis points to 27.3% due to lower contingent commissions, as well as the impact of higher non-cash stock-based compensation. We're over on slide number 13. For the quarter the decline in adjusted total revenues in the Services segment was primarily associated with the sale of certain businesses that we mentioned earlier. Organic revenue declined by approximately 6%, driven mainly by continued external factors impacting our advocacy businesses. Adjusted EBITDAC margin for the quarter was primarily driven by the decline in organic revenue as well as certain one-time items. We'll talk more about future reporting for the Services segment in a few moments. We're over on slide number 14. This slide presents our results for both years on an adjusted basis. Our income before income taxes grew 24.3% and net income per share was $2.81, growing by 23.2% as compared to total revenue growth of 18.7%. EBITDAC margin remained strong at 33.9%, an increase of 120 basis points over the prior year. Overall, we are very pleased with the results for 2023. Few comments regarding cash generation and capital allocation. From a cash perspective, we hit another major milestone, generating over $1 billion of cash flow from operations, growing 14.5% over the prior year. Our full-year ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues remained strong at approximately 24%. Few other comments regarding outlook for 2024 and some enhancements to our reporting. For contingent commissions, we anticipate them to be relatively flat-to-down year-over-year but this will ultimately be driven by loss experience. For Programs, we would expect for them to be down as the higher-level contingent commissions were driven by lower CAT event losses in 2023 and favorable loss development related to 2022. Keep in mind, this outlook is excluding the impact of future acquisitions. As it pertains to taxes, we expect our effective tax rate to be relatively consistent with 2023 and should be in the range of 24% to 25%. For adjusted EBITDAC margins in 2024, we anticipate them to be up slightly. Finally, in conjunction with our earnings release for the first quarter of 2024, we'll be making a few changes to our reporting. First, with the expansion of our global MGA and MGU platforms, we will refer to the National Programs segment as Programs. Second, in conjunction with the divestiture of certain businesses within our Services segment late in the fourth quarter of 2023, we will not report the remaining businesses as a standalone segment, moving from four to three segments. Those being Retail, Programs, and Wholesale Brokerage. Almost all of the remaining revenue and profit in the Services segment will now be reported in the Retail segment. For the prior periods, we'll move to sold businesses into Programs and the remaining businesses into Retail. Third, we will be modifying the definition of our non-GAAP adjusted measures to exclude the impact of non-cash intangible asset amortization. With this adjustment, we will be on a more consistent presentation with the majority of other public brokers. And lastly, for simplicity, we'll only be excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange on the calculation of organic growth. For all other non-GAAP metrics, we may identify the impact of FX when it's meaningful to do so, but we will not restate the prior year to be on a constant-currency basis. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. As we look at the economy and outlook for 2024, we anticipate that inflation will continue to moderate downwards in the markets in which we operate. As a result, we're expecting the consumer to further drive demand for products and services and we anticipate most companies will continue to hire and invest, although at a potentially slower rate. Regarding the admitted markets, we believe rate changes will be similar to 2023. We think CAT property rates are nearing their peak. Therefore, we would expect CAT property rate increases for the first half of '24 to be in the range of flat-to-up 10%, obviously, subject to loss experience in construction type. On an M&A front, the overall market will remain competitive and we don't expect any material changes in multiples. We have a very good pipeline and are talking with many companies. As we've mentioned, cultural alignment is the key to our long-term success. Lastly and most importantly is our team. Our consistently strong industry-leading results are only possible through the dedication and determination of our team to deliver for our customers. As we head into 2024 and on our way to our next intermediate goal of $8 billion in annual revenues, we have great momentum across the entire company and feel really good about our position. With that, I'll turn it back over to Michelle, and open the lines for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is now open.
Jack Kindregan: Hey, good morning. This is Jack on for Mike. My question is about any intra-segment business mix shift changes and whether they're having an incremental impact on Brown & Brown's profit margin profile. And have there been any mix changes within the major segments we should keep in mind such as more employee benefits or something else? And we're just asking in the context of Brown's profit margins being above historical average levels, and so we get asked if we should expect a downward mean reversion if and when, organic growth, eventually decelerates.
Powell Brown: Okay, Jack. I think you've got a bunch of things inside there. Your first part of the question broke up a little bit, but I think you said is, with the divestiture of the businesses, would we expect the margins to go up? Was that your question?
Andrew Watts: No. He said something --
Jack Kindregan: I'm not asking about divestitures. I'm just asking if any intra-segment business mix shifts changes.
Powell Brown: You got to get closer to your phone or something. You're cracking up quite a bit coming through on the phone.
Jack Kindregan: I'm sorry. That's correct. Just any intra-segment business mix shift changes.
Powell Brown: No. Just the ones that we mentioned. So if you look, our commentary was that the remaining businesses and services will shift over into Retail. And then the historical will also restate for the businesses that move to Retail as well as sold moves into Programs. So margin profile is not radically different on -- between all the sold and the retained businesses.
Jack Kindregan: Got it. Okay, thank you. And then second question is on Brown's exposure to different flavors of personal lines insurance. We appreciate the personal lines comes in different textures across the three main segments. The question are, are Brown's personal lines exposed business is having a positive impact on organic growth levels as compared to the non-personal exposures which comprise most of Brown's revenues?
Powell Brown: So the answer, Jack is, yes, they are having a positive impact. Remember, we have personal lines in all three of the major segments. And as you may remember, in many years past that was a headwind in the wholesale. And we've said that that is now a growing segment, which we're positive about is growing in Retail, and it's also growing in Programs. So we think it's a positive.
Jack Kindregan: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is, you guys, Andy, I think said that the change in reinsurance cost you guys $19 million, but then it seems like your expected loss is going from $25 million to $15 million to $20 million. I am just trying to tie together those figures. That seems like a large cost that I might have expected for -- now -- the expected loss to go down by $5 million to $10 million.
Andrew Watts: Well, you got to remember -- so there's two pieces to it, Elyse, is it does limit our P&L exposure. So we said in 2023, it was about $25 million. So going into '24, it'll be somewhere between $15 million and $20 million, but -- and then it will also drive an incremental organic growth of $15 million to $20 million. So you got to put both of those pieces together, okay.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And then my second question, I was hoping you can give us a sense of how those international deals that you guys completed in '22, how did -- how impactful were those to retail, just -- growth and margins for the full year 2023 versus expectations.
Powell Brown: So, Elyse, good morning, and thank you for the question. We, one, are very pleased with the businesses that have joined in England since the middle of 2022. And the businesses are performing at or above our expectations. And we have also said that just -- as we don't give guidance, but I would tell you that they perform in a very similar way to our domestic retail business. So we're very pleased and continue to do acquisitions there. So, Mike Bruce, who's the Head of our European Operations, and his team have continued to do small and medium acquisitions over there. And we're very pleased with the capabilities and the people that have joined. So, very pleased.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then on the margin, Andy, is there any seasonality that we need to think about out, I guess maybe a little weaker in the third quarter given at a cap -- potential for a captive loss. But how should we think about the guide for improvement in margins in '24 and just quarterly seasonality?
Andrew Watts: I think, yeah, if you go back, good catch on the third quarter. As we've talked about, we normally model in kind of 1.5 storms. You never know when -- what it's going to actually look like and I guess higher likelihood of it being in the third quarter. But that's probably a reasonable approach. So if you do that, you would expect for the margins to be down a little bit in the third quarter, and then just keep in mind the -- making the lap into the fourth quarter on the $19 million. But otherwise, those are kind of the bigger items. We did call out some adjustments to the contingents in second quarter on part of the lost development during the year. So those kind of be the -- I think, the big ones to keep in mind. Otherwise, no major changes in the seasonality of the margins.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. Hey, just circling back on your last answer and what you said in your opening up comments about contingent commissions being flat to down for next year. If we look at the segment results, profit sharing contingent commissions, you had a great year in '23 in National Programs, $65 million versus $27.6 million in '22. And you said you factor in at least one storm. What does that mean to contingent commissions if there's one storm, not only inside National Programs but for the full year for the -- on a consolidated basis?
Powell Brown: So I know this -- you're not going to -- good morning, Greg. You're not going to like this answer exactly, but it obviously depends on the magnitude of the storm and how that impacts admitted markets versus non -- the non-admitted markets is different. But admitted markets, the Program business versus Wholesale business versus Retail business. And the answer is, it's very hard to estimate. So we can't run a model or we don't run, I shouldn't say that, we don't run a model where you put a big storm into Florida or into Texas or Louisiana and then it spits out the other side. The answer is we did have a great year in terms of profit sharing this last year. But as Andy said, we understand that it may have been an -- I'm not going to say an over-performance, but a very high performance.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. And Greg, keep in mind that in 2022, remember, we backed out $15 million in contingents in the third quarter and then -- which -- some of those with lost development not as significant as what was originally anticipated. Some of that got adjusted in the fourth quarter and then we also had adjustments in '23. So it really -- it's difficult on these to determine where it's going to be, the magnitude and everything else. So we would anticipate probably some sort of impact. The question is, don't know exactly what that would look like.
Gregory Peters: Okay, that makes sense, I guess. I want to go back to bigger question on organic. And I know, Powell, part of your answer is going to be that you don't tell us or forecast out what organic is going to be for '24. But inside organic, the organic result for your company for '23, there's clearly been a benefit from the rate increase -- rate increases that have happened in the market. You called that out in your comments. The Wholesale market, I think in your commentary and the slide deck, you called out cap pricing, and it seems like that might moderate. So if I add up all the different variables, if rate increases are going to be moderating in '24 versus '23, wouldn't that naturally bleed over to a lower growth rate for organic across your footprint? Any comments on that would be helpful.
Powell Brown: Sure. So remember, Greg, if you go back over an extended period of time, we've always said two-thirds of our growth is exposure units and one-third would be rate. That's how we've always described it since I've been in this position. So that's number one. Number two, the impact of rate is going to be different on different segments and locations in the business. If you're in a coastal community in Florida, the impact of property rate could be substantial in some of your growth. And that said, they could still be writing a ton of new business on top of that. Conversely, if you're in Denver, Colorado or Nashville, Tennessee, you may not have that big of an impact on rate. So you're already -- you already kind of called it. We don't give organic growth guidance. That's basically the answer. We have said historically that this is a low to mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady-state economy. We have over-performed in organic growth the last couple of years and we're really proud of it. And I know each of you are trying to anticipate what all that means. And basically, the way we look at it is we have to first deliver for our customers. So we want to keep the business that we've got and based upon the capabilities and the good job that we do for existing customer base, we go out and we write a lot of new business. And so I think it's important to differentiate. I wouldn't want you to get so focused just on rate. I think it's more important that it is the activity which we do, i.e. the new business culture at Brown & Brown, whereby we are out always talking to prospects and to our existing customers. So we think that the organic growth profile for 2024 is good. We don't know what it's going to be and you don't know what it's going to be. And I know that's hard for you to model, but the answer is, remember, we've been doing this for 85 years and we have a pretty good understanding about how our business operates and the segments in the market that we serve and the capabilities that we have and that that we're building. So I would tell you that we couldn't be more happy with the performance last year. If you notice our performance against our publicly traded peers in that particular environment, we are at or near the top of that list while we've been leading margins and cash flow for many years. And so we're just kind of generally pumped on where the business is.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Greg, I also add to that. I think it's important to think about what happens in the marketplace through the lens of the buyer, of the insurance, right? And rate, while that's an important factor, that's not the only factor that drives the buyer, right? Quite often they're focused on the absolute dollar, right? Because you got to think about through their lens, they're managing a cost in their P&L. And so there's a lot of factors that they're going to take into consideration. We've talked about this over the past few years, right? So if rates are going up, right, they're probably adjusting their limits, they're adjusting deductibles. And same thing can happen if rates soften a little bit. Well, that may allow them to maybe increase some of their limits or back and forth. But think about it through the lens of premium, not just rate online. I know a lot of people are writing about this right now, but much -- in some aspects it's much more simple and much more complex than that.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the detail and it's glad to hear that you're pumped, Powell. Thanks.
Powell Brown: All right.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thanks. Good morning,
Andrew Watts: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: Andy, you say you're going to adjust the numbers for the non-cash intangible amortization to be more in line with peers. If you had done that in 2023, how much would that have impacted adjusted earnings?
Andrew Watts: It would equate to about $0.45.
Mark Hughes: $0.45. Okay. And then the Benefits business. How did that perform in the quarter? Any kind of early feel on Q1? I know that's a more important driver for organic in the first quarter.
Powell Brown: We're very pleased with the way the business performed in Q4, and more importantly, for the year. So we're very pleased with the way the Benefits business is working.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Maybe firstly, on the reinsurance changes, did that have an equal $19 million impact to adjusted EBITDAC?
Andrew Watts: It's pretty close on it, Rob. So that's why when we said that -- while we were down 40 basis points for the quarter, you can kind of run the math through. So isolating that, our margins would have been up quite well for the quarter, which we're very, very pleased about.
Powell Brown: Can I also input something here, Rob, that you haven't asked? You heard me say that the margins, if in fact that didn't occur, would have been up 900 basis points -- the -- organic. Sorry, not margins. Organic would be up 900 basis points. The overall business, if you looked at it, would have grown 9.9%.
Robert Cox: Yeah, that's great. Thank you. Maybe just as a follow-up. Saw E&S casualty pricing accelerated in the quarter, and we've heard a lot of commentary around potential reserve issues and casualty. So wondering if you could provide any color on what's driving that pricing acceleration and if you think that could continue in 2024.
Powell Brown: Sure. So, Rob, I've only been in the insurance business now for 34 years. So I don't have the scope and impact of knowledge that my father does at age 86. But I will tell you, since I started in the insurance business, the industry has been talking about the under -- the inadequate pricing of casualty. That's since 1990. And the industry has not done a very good job of being able to increase the price on casualty. So I think we're going to continue to hear people on the risk-bearing side talk about the need for increased reserves and what that means is we need to increase prices and all that other stuff. But the simple fact is this, people are trying to balance their portfolios with the cap that they have in it. And as a result, casualty premiums are long tail in nature, and they're appealing. So I don't think that they're going to be able to get the pricing that they want or think they need, which is a nice way of saying that I would be surprised if you see a significant upward pressure on casualty pricing. They may talk about it, but I'm just saying that's 34 years in.
Robert Cox: Got it. That's helpful. And if I could follow up with one more, just on the employee benefit space, how are you thinking about the growth environment between pricing and employment growth? And if you could remind us what percentage of the business is commission based at Brown & Brown?
Powell Brown: Okay, so let's talk about employee benefits. Remember, from an employee benefit standpoint, you have a couple things going on. You have, obviously, you would think when you add a new employee onto a plan that generally would increase the commission or potential fee or something to that effect. There is a segment, a smaller segment of that book of business where there's sort of -- it is an amount per employee and it doesn't go up like a commission. So it's like a price per head. So I think of it in a weird way it's like a capitated plan a little bit. So it's -- that's the first thing. The second thing is in our Retail business of roughly $2.5 billion, we have about --
Andrew Watts: About 35%.
Powell Brown: Yeah, about 35% of the business is employee benefits. And that's a business that we have consciously invested in over the last, let's say 10 years. And when I say consciously invested, not only in the middle market space, but in the upper middle market and the very large space and are very pleased with the ability to serve customers in all of those segments. And we very much enjoy going out and trying to earn business and have been successful and think we can even be more successful going forward. So we think it's a great business for us.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. The next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks, and good morning. Andy, you mentioned company-owned life insurance and I didn't catch what the impact was on the quarterly results.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. It's -- so again, on the company-owned life insurance, this have an impact on our numbers based upon how the market moves either up or down. So when you see the market going up, right, it will impact the S&R and the offset is down in other operating expense. The impact on margins is basically almost zero. So for the quarter itself, it was a drag on the S&R as a percentage of revenue of about 150 basis points and last year it was about 60 basis points. So we kind of look at those both ways internally kind of puts our S&R substantially flat year-over-year, ex-COLI, so. And again, those are going to move around. That's not something that we're able to forecast because it all depends upon how the market moves and then it's the comparison to how the market moved the year before.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's perfect. That's helpful. Second question, when you talk about the upside to organic growth in Programs, that's just because you're not going to see the same what was a $19 million hit in the fourth quarter of this year. If that is flat next year, then that's $19 million of organic revenue. Am I thinking about that right?
Andrew Watts: Correct. And, yes, we'd expect that in '24.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Andrew Watts: And we would not expect any sort of reversion though in '25, just in case you're wondering, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Yeah, no, that's exactly what you needed. And then final question because we've gotten different viewpoints from different people. But when you look at the shift of some catastrophe exposed wholesale or, sorry, catastrophe exposed property business to the wholesale channel in 2023, is that basically like a one year shift, and now we're done, and if nothing changes, then that impact slows or should that persist in 2024 at more or less the same pace that we saw this year or I guess it's last year now.
Powell Brown: I want to make sure I heard that correctly. Meyer, can you repeat the question? Because there was a word or two that cracked up in there.
Meyer Shields: Yeah, absolutely. One of the themes of 2023 seems to be a lot of catastrophe exposed property business moving to the wholesale channel from the retail channel, which is great news for companies with wholesale brokerage, and wondering basically whether that shift, as you see it, is mostly done or there are reasons to expect it to continue in 2024.
Powell Brown: Okay, so let's back up and say there's an enormous amount of business that's CAT exposed, that was already in the E&S market. They're constantly and consistently in the traditional admitted market. Carriers by name that you may follow or know, are evaluating their CAT property exposure and are making decisions whereby should they renew that on an admitted basis or does that in turn get picked up by another admitted market or does it go into the E&S market? So what I would tell you is that there's lots of business that flows in and out, I shouldn't say lots. There is a good amount of business that goes into the E&S market in '23, and I think there will continue to be a flow of business out of the admitted market into the E&S market in '24. Is it an equal amount? I don't know, but I think more importantly, inside the wholesale space, there's an enormous amount, an enormous number of opportunities for us to write business that still and has been in the past in the E&S space. So there's more than enough business for us to write in the existing space without one account coming over in the -- from the admitted market. I think that's going to continue because in my career and yours as well, you've seen more of a shift in E&S market, and I think admitted carriers will continue to evaluate their position in particular CAT-prone areas.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. That's very helpful. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Meyer, on that, it's also probably always helpful is to bifurcate that between the commercial and the personal lines, because there's different kind of profile and activity underneath of there. Back to our comments, in the four states that we talked about is, we are seeing more personal lines into the E&S space, and we would expect to see that in 2024 until those markets calm down. And then it may seem some of the other carriers come back in, but that doesn't appear to be anything in the near term.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's excellent. Thank you so much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Michael Ward with Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Ward: Thanks, guys. Good morning. You mentioned the remaining portion of Services was moving to Retail. I was just curious if you anticipate holding on to those businesses or if there's any alternative plans.
Powell Brown: We anticipate holding on to those businesses.
Michael Ward: Great. And then maybe on the, in the slide deck, the macro commentary kind of seemed a little bit less cautious to us. Just curious if you might agree with that. There's a lot influx, kind of with the Fed and rates and inflation, but just curious how your clients are feeling if there's, I guess, a little bit more positivity or uncertainty, vice versa.
Powell Brown: Yeah. So I think that we continue to, as we said in our comments, see inflationary pressure and things trending down. And we do -- it's very interesting, Michael, that there is a more, I believe, optimistic view in our consumer base, even in light of some of the challenges that face us globally. So it's a unique dynamic and how ultimately people continue to think about investing in their business is yet to be determined. We have historically, over the past year, talked about, we use the term this quarter cautiously optimistic. I think that's a very, very good way to put it. But we've seen over the past year, people sort of pause on making major capital investments, i.e, buying the new machine versus doing some maintenance work. I'll be interested to see this year if our customers buy the new machine. And so that's yet to be determined. But there is definitely a feeling of optimism in our client base, not all of them, but I'm saying if you made a broad generalized, it is more optimistic. Yes.
Michael Ward: Interesting. Thank you. Maybe one last one. Just on free cash flow. I think cash flow conversion for you guys was a little below 24% in '23. Just curious if we should expect that similar level into next year or this year, if there's any puts and takes there.
Andrew Watts: Yeah, Mike, for '24, we think -- at least, on the ratio of cash flow from operations, we'll let you guys drop in kind of what you think on the CapEx and everything, but we're thinking 22% to 24% on cash flow from Ops as a percentage of revenues, feels like a pretty good range for us.
Michael Ward: Great. Thank you, guys.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Grace Carter with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Powell Brown: Hello?
Operator: Hey, it does appear that she did drop. One moment for our next question, please.
Powell Brown: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Heleniak: Yeah. Good morning. Just interesting that the comments you made on the economy and how your customer base is feeling. But I'm wondering if you could follow up on the comment you made on -- you mentioned that the buyers were exhausted. I know you mentioned that last quarter, increasing deductibles, lowering limits. Did you see that accelerate at all in the past few months? And where are you seeing that most by customer type, the different behavior where they're changing the terms and conditions?
Powell Brown: Well, let's back up for just a moment. I don't think that there's necessarily one customer type or one region, but I'm going to give you an example. But this is not only the capacity in this example. If you take a condo association in Florida, and for the last five years in a row, they've seen rate increases. They're exhausted and tired of it. And in some instances, the condo association will shoot the messenger, even though we are delivering the best product in the market. And so whether you apply that same philosophy to a manufacturer, a developer, an owner of nursing homes, a non-profit, whatever the case may be, I believe, Scott, sometimes people in the analyst community believe it's all about rate increases. And as Andy said earlier, it's -- it can be about rate, but really it's more about the absolute dollars that the insured has to pay. And so there is a lot of chafe when their exposure units are flat to down and their premium dollars are going up. That's the way I try to put it. And so there's not one class of business, I will tell you this, that our organization, if you make a broad statement, we can thrive in a market where the rates are going up, when the rates are sideways, and when rates are going down. Generally speaking, in Retail, it works in all of those. In Wholesale, it works up or down, generally flat is kind of a little weird, and it works in Programs. So that's kind of a very broad statement around your question on rates.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, that's definitely helpful. And then I was just wondering, could you refresh us on the captive revenue, what you had in 2023 versus 2022 and kind of your long-term growth view on that business and where you kind of -- how you're viewing that over the next five to 10 years?
Andrew Watts: Let's see. I don't know. We probably won't go that far out. But if we look at the captives as we generated $25 million plus last year, generated about $30 million in 2023, and then we've kind of given an idea of guidance of what we think it looks like for 2024. We're really, really pleased with the captives, with the growth we've delivered on the top line, as we mentioned, the alignment with our carriers and the returns that they provided for the capital that we've put into those. We're extremely, extremely pleased with them. So don't take that that means that we're going to do more of them, whatever. That's not the comment. But for the ones that we have, we're very, very pleased with the programs that they sit on top of. And again, they're sitting on programs that we think deliver some of the best underwriting results in the industry.
Scott Heleniak: All right. Understood. All right. I appreciate the answers. Thanks.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hey, thank you. Powell, I think you may have answered this, but I just want to clarify here. This inflation -- how big of an impact is inflation on your organic revenue growth? So if I kind of look going forward, obviously the economic outlook is still decent right now, but inflation clearly moderating. Is that a headwind to organic growth when we think about it from an exposure perspective?
Powell Brown: I think if you want to think of it in a textbook answer, the answer is yes. But in practical application, I think it's a neutral.
Brian Meredith: Oh, interesting. Is there certain types of inflation that are better or worse for you all's business?
Powell Brown: No, I don't want you to think about it that way. This is kind of how a lot of people -- well, I shouldn't say that. I think some people think about the brokerage space. One, it's a GDP plus or minus, but plus growth business, whatever that is. And so then you have to think about what does inflation do to impact GDP. And if you think about that a little bit. It's sort of kind of baked into how our business operates. But please don't lose sight of, the impact of inflation and rate over a long period of time, and when I say a long period of time, I'm not talking about a year. I'm talking 10 years, 20 years, 30 years in our business, we would say in a more steady state economy, it's two-thirds exposure unit, one -third rate. And those exposure units, whether they go up or down because of economic impacts, inflation or all of the above, we just have to continue to execute and sell more new business and keep the business that we've got. That's how we think about it.
Brian Meredith: That's really helpful. Thank you. And then my second question. I'm just curious, what are you seeing with respect to the standard markets, just appetite for some of the E&S type risks. I understand there is -- as you mentioned Texas and certain areas are still pretty challenging. But are you seeing any of the standard markets just kind of trying to encroach back into the Wholesale arenas?
Powell Brown: So the answer to that is no. What I would tell you is in the last, probably half of the year, but even in Q4 and into this -- going into the first part of this year, I think there continues to be an evaluation by admitted markets of segments of their books of business. So let's just look at it in three segments kind of like our business. So in Retail, they're basically looking at their CAT exposure and their loss profile, even on casualty and executive liability, and they're saying, what do we need to get off? What do we want to write more of? That's good. That sort of the impact there would be CAT capacity. If you go to Wholesale, generally speaking, those admitted carriers with their wholesale markets, you would think that they're growing and they could be growing substantially as a percentage, but it's a small portion of their overall premium. And then third in Programs, regardless of if it's CAT or casualty, they continue to look very closely at the profitability of those programs. And I have heard or seen a number of markets backing off programs that are not meeting their criteria for profitability. And so I believe that there's going to be a broad statement. There will be some more changes in the Program space because markets will continue to review profitability of lines of business because their results are going up and they're trying to bulletproof those for a long term.
Brian Meredith: Thank you. That's really helpful.
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Operator: Please standby for the next question.
Powell Brown: And, Michelle, we'll take one last question. Okay?
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Grace Carter with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Grace Carter: Hi, everyone. Sorry about my technical difficulties earlier. I just had one that I wanted to really touch on. I'm sorry if I missed this earlier, but I was curious if you all have shared an outlook for investment income next year and how that factors into your expectations for slight margin improvement.
Andrew Watts: Morning, Grace. It's Andy here. No, we didn't give a -- an outlook on investment income. So we weren't going to try to hypothesize or predict what will happen to interest rates, at least for the -- all the governing banks and the markets that we operate in inside of. We figured you guys are pretty well positioned to come up with your own determination that's there, because some of it also is based upon just the amount of capital that flows through the organization and what we hold during the year. So those pieces can move up and down.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. No, thank you.
Operator: I show no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Powell Brown for closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Michelle. We appreciate everybody's time this morning. I was surprised we didn't get one question. So I will ask the question and then I will answer it. You know at Brown & Brown, we're a very goal-oriented company. We set goals. We achieve those goals and then we set a new goal. 12 years ago, we were roughly $1 billion of revenue and we set a goal to get to $2 billion in revenue. And in seven years, we took it from $1 billion to $2 billion. Then we set a new goal which was bring $2 billion to $4 billion. And five years hence, we actually went from $2 billion to $4 billion. Now we're setting a new goal of $8 billion in revenue. Somebody would have asked, when are you going to get there? And the answer is, we don't have a timeframe. And the reason I say that is if we wanted to be $8 billion of revenue, we could go out and do that, but it would not be in the best interest of our shareholders, which in turn, 22% of the company is owned by teammates. So there is incredible alignment in our organization in terms of our long-term goals and objectives. As you heard in Andy's remarks and my remarks, we are very pleased with the performance of 2023 and we are equally excited about the prospects for '24. We also know that at some point the economy will slow down. All right. So we acknowledge that. But it seems that that probably will not happen in the near term is that the next six to 12 months. I think one of the things that's buoying that is the presidential election. But there's a lot more that goes into that. So you're not going to want to have changes if you can help it in the economy. It will be interesting to see what the Fed does with interest rates and how all that translates into the business environment. With that said, I'd like to say thank you again. We are pumped about our business and the future at Brown & Brown on our way to $8 billion, and we look forward to talking to you next time. Good day and good luck.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Brown & Brown, Incorporated's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified are those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the company's investor presentation for the call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I would now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 2023 earnings call. We delivered an outstanding performance in the third quarter. Organic growth was just shy of 10%. We expanded our EBITDAC margins by 350 basis points and grew adjusted net income per share by 42%. In addition, we closed the acquisition of Kentro earlier this month. As a reminder, the company operates MGUs in the U.K., U.S., Europe and other locations and has a retail broker operation in both the U.K. and Europe. Kentro has great capabilities with a significant focus on financial lines, aviation, and trade credit in addition to a number of other lines of coverage. We'd like to welcome Colin Thompson and their team to Brown & Brown, and look forward to seeing the business continue to grow over the coming quarters and years. Now let's get into our results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 4. Our revenues exceeded $1 billion, growing 15.1% in total and 9.6% organically as compared to the third quarter of 2022. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 350 basis points to 34.7%, and our adjusted earnings per share grew 42% to $0.72. On the M&A front, we completed seven acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $14 million. Also, I'd like to highlight that last week, our Board of Directors approved a 13% increase in our dividend. We're extremely proud as this is the 30th consecutive year of dividend increases. We were able to deliver these outstanding results through the relentless dedication of our 16,000-plus teammates that create and deliver innovative solutions for our customers. I'm now on Slide 5. From an economic standpoint, it was similar to the second quarter and consumers are continuing to spend and drive demand. As a result, the economy remained rather resilient even with materially higher interest rates, while growth and inflation continue to moderate and return to more normal levels. Many business leaders continue to hire, but remain cautious regarding large investments in their business. While the revenue side of the P&L is generally healthy for many companies, inflation remains the main challenge as certain costs are still outpacing revenue growth. Specifically, as it relates to the purchasing of insurance, a lot of buyers are exhausted due to the level of rate increases mainly for property that have occurred for multiple years. Shifting to the insurance marketplace. It remained very challenging for customers with their focus on overall spend. Many customers have already increased their deductibles and reduced their limits. We're also seeing lenders being more flexible in certain cat-prone areas regarding total purchased limits. Across most lines of coverage, rate increases were fairly consistent with the first half of the year with admitted markets up 5% to 10% and excess and surplus lines markets, up 10% to 25%. Like previous quarters, there were exceptions outside of these ranges. Two lines of coverage that continue to decline are workers' compensation and professional liability for larger customers. Workers' comp rates declined less than we've seen in previous quarters and were in the range of flat to down 5%. Professional liability rates, including public company D&O and cyber were flat to down 15% or in some instances, down even further. Regarding cat-exposed property, it remained the most challenging line of business as carriers are generally not increasing their capacity. We're also seeing underwriters continue to push for higher insured values due to inflation and increased replacement costs. During the quarter, the placements for personal lines in California, Florida, and Texas remain very difficult, with policies continuing to move into state-sponsored plans or the E&S space. We are well positioned to help our customers due to the breadth of our carrier relationships and the multiple solutions we're able to deliver. This doesn't mean we can solve all issues, but it has helped to drive additional growth for our personal lines businesses. Regarding the M&A market for the quarter, the level of deals primarily from financial backers continue to slow, and we generally saw fewer bidders for businesses. From a valuation standpoint, they have come down slightly. However, good businesses still trade at premium multiples. We remained active and acquired seven great companies for the quarter, which brings us to the total of 20 year-to-date. Overall, we're extremely pleased with the success of our M&A efforts in North America and Europe. We're in a strong position to identify and acquire high-quality companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. I'm now on Slide 6. Our retail segment had another great quarter and delivered organic growth of 8%. This growth, both domestically and internationally, was driven by strong new business, good retention and continued rate increases. We're winning a lot of new business by leveraging our collective capabilities and creating innovative solutions for our customers that are searching for ways to manage their cost of insurance. Our program segment delivered another outstanding quarter with organic growth of 12%, driven by strong new business, good retention, and continued rate increases, especially cat property. Almost all of the programs grew nicely again this quarter. Wholesale brokerage delivered a great quarter with organic growth over 13%, driven by domestic and international strong new business, good retention as well as rate increases for most lines. Our brokerage, delegated authority, and personal lines businesses all performed well during the quarter, while professional liability continued to be under pressure due to the decline in rates mentioned earlier. Organic revenue in our services segment was approximately 3% for -- with the growth driven by an increase in claims processing revenue for certain businesses. Now with that, I'll turn it back over to Andy for more details regarding our financial results.
Andrew Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. I'll review our consolidated financial results on an adjusted basis, which for the third quarter exclude the change in estimated earn-out payables, onetime acquisition and integration costs associated with GRP, BdB and Orchid. Gains and losses on business divestitures and the impact of foreign currency translation. We believe isolating these above items provides a better reflection of the performance of the business and enhance comparability. The reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures, including these adjusted amounts to the most closely comparable GAAP amounts can be found either in the appendix of this presentation or in the press release issued yesterday. We're over on Slide 7. On an adjusted basis, total revenues were nearly $1.1 billion for the quarter, growing 14.2% as compared to the third quarter of the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 40.7% and EBITDAC grew by 27%. Our EBITDAC margin was 34.7%, increasing 350 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2022. The margin increase was driven primarily by leveraging our cost base in connection with strong organic growth as well as higher contingent commissions, increased interest income and minimal claims costs for our captives. The higher growth in income before income taxes was driven by depreciation, amortization, and interest expense growing slower than total revenues. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.5%, which is in line with our expectations and compares to 26.1% in the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted diluted net income per share increased by 42% from last year to $0.71. Our weighted average share count increased approximately 1% as we are directing more of our capital towards reducing our debt. Lastly, our dividends paid increased nearly 12% as compared to the third quarter of 2022. Overall, the performance by our team for the quarter was outstanding. We're over on Slide 8. The retail segment grew almost 10%, driven primarily by strong organic growth of 8% and acquisitions completed in the last year. Adjusted EBITDAC grew slightly faster than revenues, and our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded to 28.6%. This expansion was driven by leveraging our expense base along with strong organic revenue growth, but it was partially offset by the impact of higher non-cash stock-based compensation and slightly lower profit-sharing contingent commissions. We're over on Slide 9. National Programs had another outstanding quarter with adjusted total revenues growing 20.1% and organic growth of 12.1%. The incremental growth in excess of organic growth was driven almost entirely by an increase in our contingent commissions that were impacted negatively in the prior year related to Hurricane Ian. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded over 11% due to the level of organic growth and leveraging our expense base, higher profit-sharing contingent commissions and lower claims cost in the current year within our captives due to a quieter storm season as compared to the third quarter of 2022. As it relates to organic growth for the fourth quarter of this year, please keep in mind that in the fourth quarter of 2022, we highlighted a nonrecurring incentive bonus of $7 million and also recorded $8 million of claims processing revenue associated with Hurricane Ian. Moving over to Slide 10. Our wholesale segment delivered another strong quarter with adjusted total revenue growth of 17.7% and organic growth of 13.4%. The incremental growth in excess of organic growth was driven by higher profit-sharing contingent commissions and acquisitions completed in the past 12 months. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 110 basis points to 37% due to a combination of leveraging our expense base with good organic growth and higher profit-sharing contingent commissions, but was partially offset by the impact of higher non-cash stock-based compensation. On Slide 11, the services segment delivered organic growth of 3.2%, with a slight decline in adjusted EBITDAC margin due to onetime expenses for certain businesses as well as the impact of inflation. Few other comments concerning cash generation, capital allocation, and outlook for the remainder of the year. From a cash perspective, we generated $704 million of cash flow from operations for the first nine months of this year and had another strong third quarter growing our year-to-date cash flow from operations by $104 million or 17%. Our year-to-date ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues remained strong year-over-year at approximately 22%. As we mentioned previously, post the acquisitions of GRP, BdB, and Orchid, we remain committed to de-levering. In the third quarter, we further reduced our outstanding debt by approximately $100 million. At the end of the third quarter, we are already within our stated target gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio of zero to 3x. Based on current interest rates, we would expect our investment income and interest expense in the fourth quarter to be similar to what we recognized in the third quarter. Regarding profitability, we had previously provided guidance that our full-year expectations for adjusted EBITDAC margins would be up slightly compared to 2022. Based on our strong financial performance for the first nine months as well as higher investment income and profit-sharing contingent commissions, we now expect our margins for the full-year will be up at least 100 basis points. In summary, we continue to be in a strong position and generate industry-leading cash conversion ratios, which enable us to invest in our company, de-lever and acquire businesses. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. The impact of inflation, increases in interest rates on our customers and the consumer are the key areas we're monitoring as these will drive the rate of economic expansion and investment. Like previous quarters, we expect business leaders to remain cautious regarding how much they will invest over the coming quarters. As we noted earlier, the consumer is still spending, and most of our customers are growing their businesses. From an insurance standpoint, we believe rate increases will remain relatively consistent through the end of the year. That means customers are going to remain highly focused on managing their insurance spend by either decreasing limits, increasing deductibles and in certain cases, opting for loss limits. Many of our customers have already done one or more of these items. Regarding our carrier partners, they continue to be focused on diversifying their portfolios and reducing volatility in their earnings. This is evident through cat capacity management and disciplined underwriting. As a highly diversified global insurance platform, we have delivered very good underwriting results by continuing to provide our carrier partners with access to distinct customer segments, we believe we're well positioned to maintain and possibly grow our capacity with these important partners. We feel great about our business as our team is executing and delivering at a very high level. We're making the right investments for the long term and remain focused on hiring and retaining the best teammates. As we continue to do this, we are able to leverage our collective capabilities to retain our existing customers and win more new business. In summary, we're very pleased with our results through the first nine months of the year, delivering organic growth of 11%, adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 170 basis points and adjusted earnings per share growth of 25%. We are well positioned and have great momentum as we head into the final quarter of the year. With that, we'll turn it back over and open the lines for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is now open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, great. Good morning. Thinking about the commentary on the great margins this quarter and year-to-date in terms of the lift to the outlook. I guess, Andy, when we -- when you gave color on the kind of the pluses and minuses, is it fair that the only kind of things that might be unusual on a forward-looking basis could be the low costs for the captives and maybe kind of organic growth has exceeded your expectations? Just trying to level set kind of to make sure we kind of understand if you feel like there was some onetime items you should be thinking about?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Good morning, Mike. As it relates to the third quarter, no, we didn't have any distinct kind of onetime items that we called out. Pertaining to the fourth quarter, the main items were the ones that we highlighted, which were the incentive bonus and the claims revenue associated with Ian. Still got fourth quarter yet to go. So we're still in storm season right now, so don't know actually how everything will play out. But those will be part of -- two of the bigger ones. And then, again, depending upon how storm season ultimately finalizes itself as well as we still got the back end of the year, remember on our captives that they also take a quarterly share on some of our West Coast earthquake programs. So that's the only kind of -- those are the unknowns that could pop up, but we feel good about kind of where we are heading in the fourth quarter.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And maybe pivoting to organic growth more broadly. So the outlook is the near term is for rate increases to remain constant. Powell, you talked about kind of carriers still pushing through higher insured values, which I think comes on the exposure side. Can you kind of talk about if you have a forward-looking view of whether there's a decel in exposure at all as kind of nominal inflation looks to be decelling a bit. Or do you -- is there this kind of still higher-than-historical level of exposure kind of running through the system, which is benefiting like your growth?
Powell Brown: Well, Mike, as you know, we don't give forward-looking organic growth guidance. And historically speaking, we've said that our business is two-thirds exposure units and one-third rate. In certain areas of the business, particularly in coastal communities, rates might have a slightly higher impact. But as it relates to the question specifically on exposure units, we have not seen anything that would indicate a slowdown in those exposure units in the near term yet, but we remain ever vigilant as we kind of watch. But as Andy and I both said, we do see people being more cautious in terms of their willingness to make large capital investments in the business. I think they're pausing on a lot of those. So from a standpoint of lift in exposure units there, we're not seeing that as much. As it relates to sales of product, or construction revenues or whatever, it seems to be continuing as usual.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Powell, you mentioned maybe prospects for a little more capacity from carriers for next year. I think you've described that as the restraint in 2023, but your organic has obviously been very good with the reinsurers probably doing pretty well this year. Do you think there's more opportunity for faster growth when we think about some of these coastal programs or these states like Texas and California that have had problems getting capacity?
Powell Brown: I would caution you about saying faster growth. I think the way I would look at it is there's capacity, but the capacity is at a price. And so as I said earlier, carriers are very careful about managing their cat capacity. We view it as a positive if we can maintain our capacity that we currently have. And in some instances, if somebody wants to modify their distribution to us, i.e., modify down, we believe that we can fill most of that with other carriers that want to participate in our facilities or Wholesale or in Retail. But I would caution you, Mark, on trying to draw parallel that we've got a whole bunch of new capacity that's going to bring a whole bunch of new growth with that. I don't want you to -- please do not misinterpret our statements that way. I would say that we feel good about the indications that we've been given from our carrier partners about maintaining what we have. And as it relates to stuff that they want to modify their participation on, we feel good about replacing that.
Mark Hughes: Understood. And then I think you had mentioned construction. Are you seeing anything -- any changes in construction? The next job is always an important, any sign of a slowdown there?
Powell Brown: So Mark, I would tell you that inventory seems to be okay, still okay, but that's usually a nine to 12 month outlook. I can't comment beyond that, but there just seems to be a lot of activity. And so that's positive.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question please. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ward with Citi. Your line is now open. Michael Ward, your line is now open.
Andrew Watts: Michael, we cannot hear you.
Operator: Mr. Ward, are you on mute? I'll go to the next person. One moment, please.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Norma, just put him back in the queue, we'll come back around.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C. Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Powell Brown: Gregory?
Operator: Mr. Peters, your line is now open. All right. Mr. Peters? All right. I'll go to the next one. Next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Cox: Can you guys hear me?
Operator: Yes.
Powell Brown: Yes, we can hear you.
Robert Cox: Awesome, so maybe my first question on organic growth. I mean, just in the context of Brown doing significantly more property cat in the second quarter and growth typically being slower in the back half of the year, could you talk about what drove the more resilient than expected organic growth in the quarter, maybe specifically for both Retail and then Wholesale?
Powell Brown: Sure. We're just writing more net new business. I mean, I'm not trying to be funny, Rob, but we're executing really well. And we are maintaining our existing customer relationships, and we are picking up a lot of new customers. That's both on both sides, Wholesale and Retail.
Robert Cox: That's great. Thank you. And then maybe just a high-level follow-up on expenses, not necessarily related to this quarter, in particular. But if we zone in on the retail segment, can you just walk us through the expense line items that are seeing kind of the most inflationary pressure here in this environment and what line items are doing okay?
Andrew Watts: Hey, good morning, Rob. It's Andy here. I think the areas where we probably continue to be challenged. By the way, we've always been challenged in this space is around just the cost of talent. And that's not been just a COVID issue. If you need good talent, which we do and like everybody else, talent is expensive. We are seeing some moderation in the level of inflation and the increases in comparison to volumes from a year ago, but you still see some of those pressures that are out there, but we work our way through those. And then we've got through most of the T&E headwinds. It doesn't mean that hotels and airlines aren't expensive. They are, you've probably been out flying lately or staying somewhere. It's still pretty expensive. But it feels like we've got through most of those headwinds in comparison to where we were a year ago on that front. And then we mentioned in the commentary about stock compensation that that's a headwind year-over-year for the business, both in Retail as well as Wholesale. That's not a bad thing at all. So keep in mind that the way that those plans are structured is they're driven off of how well we perform on organic and earnings per share. So the costs that we're taking through the current year is also reflective of the strong performance that we've had over the last couple of years. So we think that's a really good indicator.
Robert Cox: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question please. Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My question was on Retail. I know you guys had called out dealer services, right? That was a headwind last -- second half of last year and the first part of this year. It seems given the strong results you guys saw this quarter that maybe that dissipated, is that correct? Or was there any impact of dealer services in the quarter?
Powell Brown: Yes, good morning, Elyse. So as you remember, we indicated that the headwind was kind of going to neutralize in the second half of the year relative to dealer services, and we did see that sort of neutralize in Q3. So we are very pleased with the overall business and even in dealer services. It's just getting inventory for our dealer customers. But I would tell you that, that was a positive for us compared to prior quarters this year, yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then on the margin update, right, you guys have seen a good amount of margin improvement, I think 170 basis points so far this year. Is the Q4 contraction, just a function of Andy, the one-off revenue you guys had last year within Programs, the $7 million and the $8 million that you called out for -- I know you don't typically guide on a one-quarter basis, but I'm just trying to understand if there's anything else in the Q4 that you're highlighting.
Andrew Watts: No. Those would be -- those are the big items, Elyse, that are in there.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last one. You guys pointed to -- it seems like a still competitive M&A environment, but it sounds like financial sponsors, I think you guys said interested in maybe waiting a little bit. What are you guys seeing on the M&A side in terms of the pipeline and multiples on transactions as well?
Powell Brown: So Elyse, I would tell you that the way we describe it is in the past, there might have been, let's say, two handfuls of early participants in looking at a business that have financial backing whereas now there might be a handful. That doesn't mean that there are none. It just means it's not as many people that are from that segment of the space, number one. And part of that is obviously due to increased interest rates and their capacity to put their money to work. Having said that, we have not seen an enormous downward pressure on multiples. I would tell you that it's -- roughly there might be 0.25x to 0.5x down. But on good businesses, people are -- they're still very competitive for good businesses. So we are just out there looking all the time. We are very pleased with the acquisitions we've made this year, and we're -- when and why someone sells, it's different for every transaction. But we think that there are lots of opportunities that will present themselves in the next one, two, and three years and beyond, but I think there continues to be good opportunities for us, and we really like our position, and we like -- and to your question specifically, the inventory is good. But remember, it's always good. But we're very pleased because it's still good.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Elyse.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question please. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Good morning. Am I coming through?
Powell Brown: Yes, you're coming through.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. So two really quick questions. First, in the National Programs slide, this is Slide 9. You mentioned higher profit sharing or let me say it differently, improved loss development on Hurricane Ian. Was there any favorable development on the exposure? Or is this just a much better quarter than last year because of last year's issues?
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, Meyer. Yes, it's a combination of two things. So if you recall in the third quarter of last year, since Ian hit on the 28th of September, right? We had recorded what we thought the development would be at that stage. And if you recall in the fourth quarter, we had made some true-ups because the development was not as extensive as it was originally estimated. We made a few more of those kind of throughout the year. But now we're kind of back to where, at least from everything we're seeing and hearing from our carrier partners that we're in a pretty good place on loss development. They got through most of the claims that are out there that we were on.
Meyer Shields: Okay. But to the extent that you had a little bit of exposure, there's no change in sort of that, I'll call it, underwriting loss?
Andrew Watts: No. No. If anything, it's actually improved to the betterment.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Second question, just trying to understand the process. One theme we've seen this year is a lot of catastrophe-close property move from the standard markets to E&S. When you look at that segment of the marketplace or that phenomenon, is that a one-year transition? Or should we expect to see that sort of directional move continue in 2024, maybe beyond?
Powell Brown: Sure. So I think that there fundamentally is a continued transition of certain types of business, not specifically and limited to cat properties that are rotating into the E&S market. So I think we're going to continue to see that into '24 and '25. That said, is there a time in the future where some of that business that rotates out might come back into the standard market? And the answer is yes, I believe that to be the case. But we've got to have a couple of years of good loss experience for the carriers because I think sometimes there are certain businesses that are because of location, they may be put into a box, and if you looked at them on a one-off basis, they might not necessarily need to move to E&S or all of it to E&S. So I think there's a continued trend towards it. But I also think that in a couple of years, there could be some slight rotation back.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Powell Brown: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question please. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Thanks. Employee benefits, seems like the pricing rates are up pretty substantially. Andy, I know in the past, you've talked about how Q1 organic has benefited from employee benefits momentum. Could there be a little bit more this year because of pricing in that market?
Powell Brown: When you say this year, are you talking about in Q4 or?
Mark Hughes: No, I'm thinking Q1, this coming year.
Powell Brown: Well, again, we're not giving -- we don't give growth guidance on lines of business, just like we don't give organic growth. But we're very pleased with the way our employee benefits line of business is growing, and we continue to invest in the capabilities and we are writing lots of new business across the platform.
Andrew Watts: Yes. I mean, Mark, if your question is about rates on the EB space, no, we're not seeing any fundamental changes in the rate increases in the EB business. They continue to be pretty robust as we've been talking about for a number of quarters. It is different if you're on a fully funded versus self-funded plan. The pharmacy is probably the biggest topic that everybody is talking about today because of all the specialty drugs that are out there.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Norma, can we do -- we had a couple of people that didn't get in earlier. Can we get them back in the queue, please?
Operator: Yes, thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of C. Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is now open. Mr. Peters, your line is now open. Are you muted?
Andrew Watts: Norma, can you check and see if he's muted by chance on your end?
Operator: Not on my end, I'm checking. He's open. Mr. Peters, are you muted?
Andrew Watts: He's not there.
Operator: Okay. I'll go to the next person.
Andrew Watts: We'll get him back around.
Operator: One moment for our next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Scott Heleniak: Yes, good morning. First question I had was just on the services segment. You had better growth there than you had in a while, the 3%. And you mentioned in there, there's a benefit from some claims processing revenue. Was that sort of onetime? Just kind of trying to figure out, is this something where you think you can get sustainable organic growth in this unit? Or was there anything kind of onetime in that -- that you called out, the claims processing revenue for that unit?
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, it's Andy. That was really driven off of, we've expanded some customer relationships there as well as we've won some new relationships in that business, and that's what's driving the new claims. The way that we really think about the Services business is the actual transaction is onetime in nature, but the relationships are recurring in nature for us. And that's really what we try to focus on, and it's that business in general, that segment, you can't forecast by individual quarters, where you quite often have to look at averages just because of the way items kind of flow back and forth. But no, we were real pleased with the performance for the third quarter.
Scott Heleniak: Got it. That makes sense. The other question I had was just on -- you mentioned in the script, you were at your 0x to 3x debt leverage target now. So does that -- should I take that to mean that we shouldn't expect additional debt reduction over the next few quarters? Is that largely over? Or is there more left? Or is that still...
Powell Brown: You shouldn't assume that now.
Andrew Watts: No, Mike if you were to back historically, we will increase our leverage modestly times when we have incrementally higher -- I'm sorry, Scott, sorry about that -- is you'll end up -- we'll have -- we'll take our leverage up a little bit when we have higher levels of larger acquisitions. And if you look at it, we de-lever on the back end at a pretty rapid pace. The organization itself will normally de-lever anywhere from 0.25x to 0.5x sometimes 0.75x during the year, and that's really driven off of just normal maturities that we have and then growth in the business. But if you go back over time, we'll run somewhere in kind of 2.2x to 2.4x on a gross-to-EBITDA ratio. And we're in our range and probably continue to moderate down. That doesn't mean though that we won't take it back up at some point if we find a really good acquisition for the organization. But generally, we're going to have a pretty conservative balance sheet.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question please. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ward. One moment for your line to be open. Michael Ward, your line is now open. Michael, your line is open.
Andrew Watts: All right. We seem to have two new -- two folks are having some technical difficulties today. Norma, do we have anybody else in queue?
Operator: I see no other callers. [Operator Instructions].
Andrew Watts: Okay. We'll give Mike and Greg if they're in queue just a second. And if not, we'll go ahead and we'll call the call. We can always do a follow-up with them.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'll go ahead and turn the call back over to you, Mr. Brown for closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you all very much. We're very pleased with the quarter and equally excited about going into Q4. Look forward to talking to everybody in January. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, good day, everyone and welcome to our Q2 2023 earnings call. We had an outstanding second quarter and the first half of the year. We're very pleased with our strong top and bottom-line results with a robust total revenue, organic revenue, and earnings per share growth. Today, Andy and I are in London headquarters at GRP where we've wrapped up our quarterly Board Meeting and then had the opportunity to engage with our European businesses and reviewed strategic plans for the coming years.  After our discussions, we feel even better about our leaders and the growth opportunities for our businesses here.  Now let's get into the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide number 4. We delivered over $1 billion of revenue growing 24.7% in total and 11.2% organically as compared to the second quarter of 2022. As a reminder, our calculation of organic revenue does not include contingent commissions, investment income, other income or gains and losses on business sales.  Our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 150 basis points to 34.2% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 55% to $0.68. On the M&A front, we completed six acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $24 million. This outstanding performance is a direct result of the relentless daily commitment by our 15,000 plus teammates to create innovative solutions for our customers.  Now, on Slide 5, the insurance marketplace continued to be very challenging for customers. They remain focused on the overall spend for insurance and how to best manage their costs. Across most lines and coverage, rate increases for similar to recent quarters with admitted markets up 4% to 10% and excess and surplus markets up 10 to 20%.  However, there are exceptions workers compensation rates continue to decrease at a consistent rate. E&S professional liability rates including public company D&O and cyber continue to moderate downward with flat, rates being flat to down, 10% or more. The area remains the most challenging and CAT exposed property.  Carriers continue to evaluate their coastal property portfolios and we're seeing more admitted carriers exiting the Californian and Florida personal lines space. As a result of these placements are becoming even more difficult, consequently more properties are moving to state sponsored plans and into the E&S space that might have otherwise been written by an admitted carrier.  At the same time, we continue to see underwriters seeking to increase insured value per square foot due to inflation and higher replacement costs. Thus customers are seeing premiums rise significantly due to inflation and higher values.  These factors are causing buyers to purchase loss limits, increase deductibles, decrease overall limits or even self-insure certain layers within a placement.  Regarding the Florida insurance market, that is not materially improved, we have more admitted carriers either reducing their appetite or stepping away from the market entirely. This is pushing more policies to citizens and the E&S market.  From a customer perspective, any businesses grew and hired employees during the quarter at levels similar to the first quarter, while the overall rate of inflation continue to slow, business leaders remain cautious regarding the level of investment in their business in the second quarter, but incrementally are feeling better than they did in Q1 and Q4 of last year. As it relates to overall M&A,the mark, the level of deals primarily from financial backers continue to slow during the second quarter. As a result, we're seeing fewer bidders for businesses and valuations have come down slightly from their peak. But that doesn't mean that a good business won't trade at high multiples.  From our perspective, we remained active during the quarter of acquiring six great companies. We completed the acquisition of Highcourt Breckles, a retail agency, based in Canada; two acquisitions in the United States and three here in the United Kingdom. We announced in May, the pending acquisition of Kentro Capital Limited, which we announced - which we anticipate closing in the fourth quarter.  Kentro is an MGA Retail agency headquartered in London with a team of over 350, annual revenues, approximately of $90 million and with locations primarily in the UK, and US and Continental Europe, Kentros MGA Nexus underwrite across a diversified portfolio of 20 risk classes including trade, credit financial lines, and aviation.  Xenia, its retail agency is one of the largest trade credit brokers in the United Kingdom. We're excited to have Colin Thompson and his team joined Brown & Brown.  Overall, we're very pleased with the success of our M&A efforts and are in a strong position to leverage our disciplined approach that remains centered on identifying high quality companies that fit culturally and makes sense financially.  I'm on Slide number 6. Our Retail segment had a good quarter, delivering organic growth of 6.3%. This growth was driven by solid new business, continued rate increases and modest exposure and even expansion. Most Lines of business performed well, while our dealer services business continue to face headwinds due to vehicle inventory levels and higher interest rates.  To give some context around that, the impact to our organic growth was approximately 200 basis points for the quarter. Our Program, segment delivered a spectacular quarter with organic growth over 23% driven by strong new business, good retention and continued rate increases, especially around CAT property. The majority of our Programs grew nicely during the quarter.  Wholesale brokerage delivered and excellence quarter with organic growth of 13% driven by new business and retention, as well as rate increases for most lines of business. Our open brokerage and delegated authority businesses had a great quarter.  Organic Services segment declined about 2% for the quarter due to the external factors that continue to impact our advocacy businesses. This decline was partially offset by higher claims processing revenue for certain businesses.  In summary, we're very pleased with our first half results, delivering, organic growth of nearly 12% adjusted EBIDAC margin expansion of 70 basis points and adjusted earnings per share growth of nearly 19%.  Now turn it over to Andy discuss our financial results in more detail. 
Andy Watts: Great. Thanks, Powell and good day, everybody. I'll review our consolidated financial results on an adjusted basis in more detail. As a reminder, our adjusted measures for the second quarter exclude the change in estimated earn-out payables, one-time acquisition and integration cost associated with GRP Orchid and BdB and gains and losses on business divestitures.  We believe, isolating the above items provides a better reflection of the performance of the business and enhanced comparability. The reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures, including these adjusted amounts to the most closely comparable GAAP amounts can be found either in the appendix to the presentation or in the press release issued yesterday.  On an adjusted basis, total revenues were over $1 billion for the second quarter, growing 24.7%, as compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 32.1% and EBITDAC grew by 30.5%. Our EBITDAC margin was 34.2%, increasing 150 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2022.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25%, which is in line with our expectations and compares 27% in second quarter of last year. The lower tax rate was impacted by the change in the market value of assets associated with our deferred compensation plan in the current year, as compared to the prior year.  Our adjusted diluted net income per share increased by 33.3% from last year to $0.68. Due to the changes in market value, our deferred compensation plan negatively impacted the ratio of salaries and related expenses to revenue by approximately 250 basis points year-over-year. Keep in mind, there's an offsetting benefit within other operating expenses.  Lastly, our weighted average share count remained relatively flat and dividends paid increased by nearly 12%, both as compared to the second quarter of 2022. Overall, the performance by our team for the quarter was outstanding.  We're on Slide number 8. The Retail segment grew significantly, delivering adjusted total revenue growth of 25.5%, driven by acquisitions completed in the last year, higher profit sharing contingent commissions and organic growth of 6.3%. Adjusted EBITDAC grew slightly faster than revenues and our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded to 28.4%.  This expansion was primarily driven by increased profit share and contingent commissions, which were substantially offset by higher non-cash, stock-based compensation and to a lesser extent the hiring of incremental teammates to support our current and future growth.  We're moving over Slide number 9. National Programs had another outstanding quarter with adjusted total revenue growing of 25.7% and organic growth of 23.3%. Through the combination of revenue growth and leveraging our expense base, our adjusted EBITDAC margin expanded 510 basis points.  We're on slide number 10. Our Wholesale segment delivered an excellent quarter with adjusted total revenue growth of 23.8% and organic growth of 13.1%. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin contracted slightly due to some non-recurring cost in the second quarter that impacted by approximately 200 basis points.  We are on Slide number 11. The Services segments organic revenue contracted by 1.8% for the quarter and the adjusted EBITDAC margin increased by 220 basis points. The primary driver of the margin decline was lower organic revenues and the impacts of inflation.  I've got a few comments regarding cash generation and capital allocation. We generated approximately $390 million of cash flow from operations for the first six months of this year, growing over $40 million or 12%. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was approximately 18% for the first six months of this year, as compared to 20% in the first six months of last year.  As we discussed last quarter, the lower year-to-date ratio has been impacted by higher interest expense and paying taxes in the first quarter of this year related to the fourth quarter of last year that we deferred as a result of Hurricane Ian relief.  With that being said, the second quarter was very strong for cash generation and we ended the quarter with approximately $630 million of operating cash. As we mentioned previously, post the acquisitions of GRP, BdB and Orchid last year, we are committed to delivering to our more traditional levels. In the second quarter, we reduced our outstanding debt by making incremental payments of approximately $130 million.  Were in a strong capital position to continue to invest in our company, acquire great businesses and delever.  With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments. 
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. We continue to monitor the impacts of inflation and increases in interest rates on our customers in the economies in which we operate. We expect business leaders will remain cautious regarding the taste of their hiring and how much they will invest over the coming quarters. With that said, consumers are still spending money and most of our customers are prospering. We believe this trend will continue for at least the next few quarters.  From an insurance standpoint, buyers remain fatigue due to continued increases in insurance rates, especially for CAT properties, which we expect similar increases through the end of the year. With these market conditions, buyers will continue to either decrease limit, increase deductibles in certain cases opt for loss limits.  In regard to our carrier partners, they remain focused on capacity, as well as a flight to quality and diversification. Historically, we've delivered good underwriting results and are uniquely positioned with the breadth of our MGA and MGUs to provide an opportunity for carriers to allocate capacity across multiple programs.  The combination of our diversification and strong underwriting results positions us well to retain and possibly increase our capacity, which will support incremental organic growth from our programs. A few comments regarding our recent international acquisitions of GRP and BdB. We're extremely pleased with the performance these businesses as they're ahead of our expectations for the first year.  The leadership teams are focused on driving continued growth vver the coming quarters and years, both organically and through M&A. GRP has been active over the past year acquiring over 20 high quality businesses. Additionally, we'd like to welcome all teammates that joined us over the past few months. Overall, we feel great about our business and how our team continues to execute and deliver.  Our focus is on hiring and retaining the best teammates and leveraging the total capabilities of Brown & Brown to retain our existing customers and win more new business.  In summary, we had a great first half of the year and have great momentum heading into the second half of the year.  With that, we'll turn it back over to Michelle and open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question comes from Weston Bloomer with UBS. Your line is open. 
Weston Bloomer: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the Retail segment organic growth. Youd highlighted a 200 basis point headwind from dealer services in the quarter. Im curious, if you can disclose what that impact was in 1Q? Or how you're thinking about that headwind for the remainder of the year? And, given those headwinds there, is just a fair to say Retail organic may be lower in the second half, just given the property outlook that you took - see in the second quarter? 
Powell Brown : Yeah. Hey, good morning, Weston. Still we had a little bit of colors and context around this is, we had mentioned this back during the Q1 as well as Q4 of last year that we did anticipate some headwinds for dealer services in the first quarter. And we did see that it was probably in the range of about 50 to 100 basis points in that range.  If you recall, when we released earnings for third quarter of last year, we had talked about the fact that we were starting to see the headwinds on the Dealer Services business in late 2Q of last year. And we saw those through the third quarter and fourth quarter and kind of now continuing through the impact in kind of the back end of last year was about 1% by the course. So it kind of gives you an idea when you look at the organic and what the impact is.  As we now head into the second half of the year and similar or consistent with the commentary we had in Q1 as we get on to a more comparable basis now in the second half of the year, we don't see the same level of headwinds for the Dealer Services business. We are very, very proud of those businesses. They performed really well, just go into a little bit of a cycle right now, but they are, they're great businesses and we made significant investments in there overtime to our capabilities. 
Weston Bloomer: Got it. Thank you. And I guess, sticking on retail, can you maybe quantify the uplift you saw from property in the second quarter? And just remind us how much of that business is 2Q weighted maybe relative to the third quarter or fourth quarter? 
Powell Brown : Yeah, we don't disclose that level of granularity, Weston. But what we've talked about in the past is, we do play significantly more CAT property in the second quarter than we do in the third quarter. And the third quarter is probably potentially, almost a third less than what we see in the second quarter. That's pretty consistent with what we talked about last year.  So it's why when - when we said that normally our organic is generally a little bit lower in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year because of the amount of CAT property, as well as employee benefits that we see in the first quarter. 
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you. And just last one on professional lines. Are we close to the point where we're starting to lap the headwinds just given the lower pricing within that market? Just maybe you could expand on that and what you're seeing in professional lines more broadly as we move into the second half? 
Powell Brown : Yeah. Weston, what I would say is, we continue to see downward pressure on public D&O. That's really where it's pronounced. In other places it's not nearly as pronounced. So, do we still see pressure? Yes, but will that continue for an extended period of time? Don't know? But that's the - that's the one place where we really see real softening in the market.  And so, my instinct would tell me the near to intermediate term, we're going to continue to see that kind of pressure in that part of the space. 
Andy Watts: Yeah, Weston, you see it probably in the commentary in our deck. It's the one that we did call out that actually softened a little bit more, the second quarter versus the first quarter. So it could go a little bit more potentially. 
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you. Appreciate the color. 
Powell Brown : Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is now open. 
Michael Zaremski : Hey. Great. Good morning. Wanted to touch on a topic that you guys have brought up within in the deck as well about challenging placements in certain parts of the marketplace. So, I know, net - net, now that we're in July, is there any - should we be thinking that there's the potential for some lack of capacity that could impact your revenue growth rate or net- net between just much higher pricing and maybe there isn't a lack of capacity Brown is a big beneficiary?  Just kind of curious if there's any nuances we should be thinking about in the back half of the year on the challenging marketplace? 
Powell Brown : Right. So, Michael, the way I would look at it is this, let's set the stage for what the market is right now. And what's happening is, insurers in many instances are getting back to us on a renewal business and even new business with very limited time or very close to the expiration date. So there's a lot of activity around analyzing limits and quotations and things like that before we give it to a customer.  I've also - we've also said that you have this fatigue inside of the marketplace with buyers, which have had in - particularly CAT from property increases for five and six years in a row. So, what I would tell you is, do we think that capacity is going to be dramatically constrained in Q3? There is a - this is the hypothetical scenario. That depends if there's a storm.  So if we don't have a hurricane hit Florida, that's a different answer than if we do have a hurricane hit Florida. So we can't answer that question right now.  Number two, there is also the uncertainty that any broker not just Brown & Brown faces, which is, at what point does a buyer of insurance basically say, I can't take any more increase. So what might happen is, they may be buying a lower limit or self-insuring certain layers in their property placement, but they've gotten to a point where they can't take anymore increased cost.  So, our growth would be driven more by new business at that point than just increased growth on the renewal building. So what I would tell you this, it's a challenging market. We're writing a lot of new business. I'm very pleased with how retail is performing and I would say that the question really hinges upon things that are a little bit outside of our control specifically weather.  And so we don't think that something is going to happen and relative to the State of Florida or hopefully not any other coastal areas between now and in the hurricane season. But if we did have that scenario, you're going to have a much different discussion around a business flowing into state pools i.e., Florida with the citizens and other places. Its because the market will have to sort itself out. 
Michael Zaremski : That's helpful commentary. I know it's not an easy question to parse out. My follow-up is on, I guess contingents and ultimately margins should in the National Program segment we can see there we are seeing a higher share of contingents, which I'm assuming help drive the margin higher. So any commentary on the sustainability and maybe just stepping back on the contingent commissions if or - for the overall company, are the contingents more weighted towards property or any specific business lines?  And I guess, I was just thinking, when we're looking at kind of outer year forecasts for the insurance carriers we are all saying, hey, this is year five or six of a lot of meaningful rate increases, which you mentioned and ROEs are expected to be much higher on a go-forward basis on the property side of the business than they have been historically.  So, I'm just curious maybe that could give Brown and other brokers kind of a lift in contingents, as well, in future years. 
Powell Brown : Okay. Mike, you got a bunch in there. Let's see if we can unpack some of those. Let's start first with contingents because there's kind of there maybe two pieces to this. Let's first take the retail and you'll see that it's up about $5 million year-over-year. That is primarily driven by acquisition activity.  And most of that out of GRP as we've now kind of made the one year anniversary, we would expect to see that level of growth year-over-year and contingents should drop off quite a bit in the back end of the year. So that hopefully gives you a little color on the second quarter on retail.  As it relates to National Programs, so there's a couple things going on. If you recall in the third quarter of last year, remember we called out about a $15 million adjustment in one of our programs associated with estimated claim costs or losses for Hurricane Ian. I dont know if you recall at that stage, we had said, we did think we were at quarter eight contingents for the fourth quarter for that program.  When we released fourth quarter earnings, we actually we did earned some contingents there, which is a good thing. And now, as we're getting through the year end we're seeing development on those claims. It is not as high as what was estimated at the time. So when you take the $5 million or so that we ticked up in the second quarter in National Programs, that split about in half related to adjustment to last year's amount. And then we are accruing about the other half for higher estimated commissions this year, okay?  So wed not anticipate that you would see $5 million increases in contingents in the third and fourth quarter for National Programs, okay. That was really primarily isolated to the second quarter. Now again, keep in mind, when we get to the third quarter, you are going to have comparability for the adjustment that we made last year, okay? 
Andy Watts : Id like to also make a comment there around property in general. And this is kind of our view on this. The rates in property today are at, what I would call all times high levels. And if you spoke to a risk bearer and they would talk to you honestly about their view on property rates, I think that you might hear that if we don't have an event this season, that there would be a leveling or even possibly a slight moderation in pricing next year.  So, I just want you to kind of keep that in the back of your mind and not every program or not every placement as qualified for contingents, but the contingents are driven on loss experiences. So you got a higher rate, obviously, you can sustain higher losses before you ex out the qualification. So just keep that in mind on the property thing, because it is a thing that we talk to our clients about all the time.  If there is one thing that comes up time after time after time, is what's going to happen to property rates? When are we going to see some relief? How, you know, that type of thought process? 
Powell Brown : And Mike other question you ask is - is around kind of which ones that you earn on it. As a general rule, this is not hard and fast, but to just kind of give you a direction on it. Normally, you'll see that in the employee benefits business, we earn incentives to the industry does not just us normally incentives, and then kind of all other lines are contingents and then guaranteed supplemental commissions and it depends upon the individual lines that are inside there. But that's at least a reasonable rule of thumb to work by. 
Michael Zaremski : Thank you for the color. 
Powell Brown : Yes. Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open. 
Gregory Peters: Great. Good afternoon, Powell and Andy. I guess, spending a fair amount of time so far talking about what's going on in the property market and Powell on slide 5, you called out the personal lines business in Florida, Texas, and California being challenging. And maybe step back and give us some perspective because I think Brown & Brown is a much bigger organization just personal lines in Florida, Texas, and California.  Can you give us some perspective and size up how that business fits inside the bigger Brown & Brown footprint? 
Powell Brown : Yes. Sure. Just to give you a context on that, personal lines inside of our organization about $130 million of revenue. 
Andy Watts : In retail.
Powell Brown : In retail, sorry. Yeah, yeah. And so, when we're talking about that, we do also have a program, I mean personal lines business in wholesale and we have it in programs. 
Gregory Peters: Is that - so it's $130 million in retail for personal lines across the country and wholesale and programs whats the mix? Or I guess, coming at it a different way, because you talked about, you're speculating about what, what may happen if there's an event or not an event in Florida or Texas, I am just trying to understand the magnitude as what's the impact, as I think about Brown & Brown.  Maybe, you could use that as an entry to talk about the cactus I think those were an issue for you in the second half of last year related to Ian. Maybe you could give us an update on that. 
Andy Watts : Yeah Greg, well see - we maybe had a little context to the to the personal lines. If you recall you and this is, good 18 months ago or so when we had all of the fires on the west coast. And that was kind of the start of that process and so we've been facing the headwinds of declines in personal lines for a while, right? And that bled over from California, then into Florida, Louisiana and north part of Texas. And so, that's been some of our numbers for a while.  So don't read anything into this that we're actually saying, we think that there are incrementally larger headwinds now in our business. We've been working our way through those. The one where you probably see it or we would see in percentage-wise the biggest impact is actually in our wholesale business. And that's back to Powells comment about properties in the past moving over into the state sponsored plans.  And back to our earlier discussion about the admitted carriers pulling out at certain markets, that is forcing some policies back into the E&S space. And so, we are actually seeing some uptick in our submissions and our binary in our wholesale business that's there. So, don't know how long that continues on. Carriers change appetites and they decide to readjust their portfolios.  But it definitely was for once, at least not a headwind in the wholesale business, which is, which is a really good thing. 
Powell Brown : Can I make a comment on that Andy, before you talk about the captives? I also want you to understand that we have personal lines business all over the country. So that could be in the Northeast, it could be in Long Island, it can be in Illinois, it can be in Colorado, it can be California, it could be in Florida. What I'm - what we're trying to say there, Greg, is to give you kind of some color around the dynamics in the marketplace, not so much to say that all of our personal lines is based on those two or three states.  That's not what we're saying. What we're basically trying to say is, the impact of the state sponsored markets or the potential impact, when you see big admitted carriers, like State Farms and farmers and Allstate pulling out of a state like California, that creates a lot of challenges for people that are writing homeowners in getting homeowners.  Do you want to talk about captives and like captive events? 
Andy Watts : Yes. Hey, Greg, add one other piece. And we've talked about this on our calls before. We think diversification is extremely powerful. And so, just as you know we - you know, the discussion here about potential headwinds California, Florida, et cetera, keep in mind, we bought a outstanding business at the end of the first quarter of last year called Working and they primarily focused on high-net-worth personal lines in the Southeast all the way up the Eastern Seaboard.  That business is growing really well. So, just while there's headwinds, we also have things that are going well. That's what diversifications about inside of our business and that's how we want to make sure that hopefully we continue to grow the organization, because everything doesn't work perfect every day. But if we have a lot of businesses, that can move back and forth that balances everything out. So just a little bit of perspective for you.  On the captives, another good quarter for us. So this was really kind of our last quarter of meaningful organic growth. Recall, we started writing policies in the first quarter of last year. We got up to basically full written premium at the end of the fourth quarter. As we said before, that will be will have minimal organic impact in the fourth quarter. We had about $6.5 million of organic benefit this quarter.  We still think we're going to be in the upper range of the previous guidance that we gave. We said somewhere around 30 to 35, we think will be on the high end of that. And then it'll come down to what happens with storm activity in the back end of this year or if there happens to be an earthquake on the west coast.  But the they're performing right in line with what we expected, which is a good thing. Just keep in mind, when we get to the third quarter in National Programs is we did accelerate the recognition of premiums last year with the claim cost that we had.  So that will actually be about a $5 million to $7 million headwind on organic in the third quarter of this year as we get on to the comparatives, okay? 
Gregory Peters: Thank you. I just close the loop on your captive commentary. Is there any change with the way the reinsurance structure way that's structured and what the loss profile that business looks for the remainder of the year? 
Powell Brown : No, not substantial. I think a couple pieces on that. One is, we were pleased to see that the reinsurance market was a little bit more orderly this year than it was last year. So we actually got all of our reinsurance treaties put in place back before they're back in kind of the May time frame, which is good. And then, with that, we were able to slight reduce our maximum exposure. So, we feel really good about kind of how the captives are performing. The organic growth that they've delivered, as well as the profitability. 
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers. 
Powell Brown : Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks. So, some of the comments in the presentation were for the economy to continue moderating in the back half. Curious, what you're seeing in your data that informs that view aside from the headwind and dealer services. And if you're seeing the economy moderate from 2Q levels so far in July? 
Powell Brown : Yeah, Rob, its Powell. I would tell you this, it's interesting because when you go out in Florida or you're here in London or whatever restaurants are packed and people are spending money. And so, what we're saying and lots of economists are dropping the probability of a recession and the second half of the year, I would just tell you that a lot of the customers that I've talked to and I hear about are just they just are approaching it kind of cautiously.  That doesn't mean that everything they're - said, we're going into a recession or anything. It's a little bit of a wait and see. So, do I have any data - real-time data in July that would tell me, no, I don't. But I don't think that's really, I think it's more of an instinct rather than something that they're seeing every day in their businesses. That's how we - that's how we interpret that. 
Robert Cox: Okay. Got it. Thanks. Maybe just a follow-up on wholesale. There's really a step change in the organic growth. They're accelerating and I think you commented on it a little bit, but I'm just curious if you give us a little more color on what drove that substantial growth quarter-over-quarter. Was it submission growth? Market share gains? Business mix? 
Powell Brown : I think it's a little bit of everything actually. Remember, if you have, there's a lot of property business that comes up in Q2 whether that's in our retail business, but also in our wholesale business and that doesn't necessarily mean it with Brown & Brown retailers. It could be with independent retailers. So there's just a lot of property. That's number one.  Number two, I think that from a standpoint of submission, count its very good. So we're getting a lot of opportunities and in some of those opportunities were having some higher hit ratios I think and it's not something so pronounced, but it's just a little uptick I think in certain areas and by doing that and you put all that together with the increase in race and you get a 13% organic growth, which is a great quarter for wholesale. 
Andy Watts : Yeah, Rob, but wed also, our coming earlier about personal lines. It was a headwind in the second quarter of last year. We actually had tailwind in second quarter of this year, which is good. So that also helped contribute to the strong 13 plus percent organic growth. 
Robert Cox: Great. Thank you. 
Powell Brown : Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is open. 
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. Powell, the higher submission count, higher hit rate, is that broad within wholesale or is that influence most of that property? 
Powell Brown : I think it's sort of across the entire platform. But I dont know you're reading too much into that. I mean, the point is that you can have an incremental uptick in your quoted and bound ratio and that has a positive impact. But you got rate in there. You have lots of new submissions.  Remember, one of the things in terms of providing color on the marketplace, let's just use Andy made a comment about personal lines, if you're in a state where all of a sudden your admitted carrier non-renews you, you may be going one, to the state plan, Two, you may  the state plan, depending on what they hear and may not even provide enough coverage for your coverage A on your homeowners, and therefore you may be going into the E&S market.  So, a lot of those things there is just unique dynamics because of the market being in sort of turmoil or disrupted, that creates more opportunity in E&S. Just plain and simple. 
Mark Hughes: Understood. And then Andy, you mentioned the $6.5 million benefit from this quarter from the captive and that it its going to have positive impact in the third quarter. Can you quantify that perhaps? 
Andy Watts : No, so the  good morning Mark. So the $6.5 million was the benefit year-over-year to organic from the captives in the second quarter. Okay? 
Mark Hughes: Yeah.
Andy Watts : When we get to the third - when we get to the third quarter, well actually have a $5 million to $7 million headwind. And that's because we accelerated the recognition of the revenue on the premiums in connection with the projected claims cost in the third quarter of last year. You get  I have no idea what will happen if we have if any source storm in the third quarter.  We're just telling you kind of what we know right now. And then it will be, there will be minimal organic benefit in the fourth quarter, because we're writing a specific amount of premium which is what we're going to write in the four quarter of this year, which is the same amount that we wrote in the fourth quarter of last year. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then, any updated thoughts on margin for this year and for the full year with the good 2Q results? 
Andy Watts : No, we're not just stage changing our overall outlook. We adjusted that at the end of the first quarter and said we would be up slightly for the whole year very pleased with the second quarter results and things can always move around. But we feel real good about the business and the outlook for the year and everything.  But no, we're not going to have any major changes on that front right now. But feel very good about the business and potential for profitable growth. 
Mark Hughes: Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks, Good morning. My first question is on the captive. Appreciate the disclosure on the expected revenue, Andy, by quarter. I just want to understand the loss dynamics and you guys have provided some color with the Q4 deck in terms of the underwriting risk. So am I thinking about it correctly if that - if there's no losses this year, that's a 100% margin business?  Are you guys assuming some losses, I know you gave us $13 million per occurrence or $25 million per year as your exposure. 
Andy Watts : So couple things on that front. Elyse is, one is no, wed not be 100% margin. We do have running cost of the actual captive insiders there  There will be higher margin if there's no storms that are there. But what we said is, we retain $13 million on a per occurrence and up to a maximum of $25 million. Were capped at $25 million on this year either through a combination of a wind event or a quake event thats out there.  So it gives you a at least, it gives you an idea of were on the higher end of our revenue range. You get an idea things really go completely sideways with the potential profit that we can still participate in on these captives. That's why we created them. That's why we're participating. Because we're on - we have put these over top of two very, very well performing programs for a long period of time. And as we mentioned before, the captives, while they dont read for that name, the actual outcome is identical to a contingent.  We're participating in the underwriting profit. So it's you'll see some - you'll see some volatility back and forth, but now they are working right as we designed.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then, you went through right in the segments, which drove the stronger contingents year-over-year. If my question related to the contingents was, if contingents had been flat, would you guys have still seen margin expansion in the quarter? I believe the answer is yes, I just wanted to confirm that. 
Andy Watts : That would be an absolutely, yes, we would have seen margin expansion in the quarter and if you to back out the incremental net investment income, because that might be your other question is, the answer is yes, we still expanded margins in the quarter. So we feel really good about the performance. 
Elyse Greenspan: Great. And then, last one within the Retail segment, you guys did call out the dealer services, right, the headwind there in the Q2 related to the rest of - the rest of the segment, so, just core retail and benefits. Can you give us a sense of the growth between the two pieces in the second quarter? 
Powell Brown : Can you repeat that please, Elyse? 
Elyse Greenspan: Sorry. I was saying, away from dealer services, how did - like the rest of retail versus benefits perform in the Q2 organically, were they both pretty close to each other was benefit within the retail? 
Powell Brown : Yeah. No. The answer, just so you know, is first of all, we were very pleased with both the commercial and the employee benefits. Remember, employee benefits has a unique dynamic relative to revenue recognition in Q1 and sometimes that also impact - it can impact into Q2. So I don't I don't look at it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, although I have, I think about it over an extended period of time.  So it could be either Q1. I mean, I'm sorry the first half or on a yearly basis. And so, we're very pleased with how the commercial business and the employee benefits business is performing there. Yes. 
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you. 
Powell Brown : Thank you.
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Mike Ward with Citi. Your line is open. 
Michael Ward: Thanks guys. Good morning. Maybe just back on Florida, you mentioned, it's not getting any better. Just curious is that something that we just have to wait to get their wind season? Or there is more need to be done around interpreting the law or do carriers see the need, do they need to see more from lawmakers, I guess? 
Powell Brown : No, I don't  Mike, I don't think that, I mean, that could always potentially help. But I don't think that's the case. I think what it is, is, remember the players that have participated in CAT prone areas not just Florida have been really popped in terms of losses in the last five or six years. And so, what we really need is, I dont know this will sound kind of interesting, but we need a little time and distance.  So we got to give them catch up. Let them catch a break. And so, as I said, we went through a period of time, in the late 90s and early 2000s where we had some storms in the early 2000s, but then we went through a period where the property market was good. And so, you made money there and the risk there is over five or six years then the market is very competitive.  It's just hasn't panned out like a risk bearers think and that's partially being driven by their loss experience and also being driven by the reinsurance cost. So, what I want you to think about is, watch the storm season. And in the event that we don't have a big event, which we think we won't. But if we don't have a big event then, do we see some stabilizing of rates? Do we see rates going up a little bit but not nearly as much as they are now? Or do we see slight decreases? That's how I would phrase it. 
Michael Ward: Super helpful. So, and so it sounds like you're very happy with GRP and your other European acquisitions from last year. Just wondering if you can sort of comment on how you see those impacting organic now that they'll be part of the calculation going forward. 
Powell Brown : Yes. So remember GRP lapped on 7/1 and BdB laps on 8/1, okay? And so, we don't we don't break out specific performance by business, but the way I would address that is, I - we believe that GRP and BdB for that matter is performing in line with the overall division, but be it retail or wholesale from both a organic growth basis and a margin basis and we're very pleased with both. 
Michael Ward: Okay. Super helpful. And then, maybe just last one on interest income. You've already exceeded your guide for the full year. I'm just curious any comments on the back half. Thank you. 
Andy Watts: Hey, good morning, Mike. The - I guess, one kind of depends upon what happens with interest rates and some of this - the central banks primarily here in the UK and in the US. But if you look at the second quarter on what we recorded, thats probably a decent run rate for right now, it may move around a little bit based upon what our cash balance is and interest rates, but probably we dont anticipate any major movements there. 
Michael Ward: Okay. 
Andy Watts: Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Yaron Kinar : Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to go back to the last question if I could on GRP and BdB. I thought earlier, you had said that they are actually performing better than you expected. And in your last comment you said that they are in line with the divisions performance. I thought at the time of the acquisition that you said that you expect that those businesses to perform in line with the division for  maybe I misremember it.
Powell Brown : Well, wait a minute, I just want to make here, yeah so we might be talking about two things. Are we  we are very pleased with the performance and part of the performance that we're talking about is, remember they acquired over 20 different unique businesses, which we think are very good going forward. So let's - but on the core basis, I believe when we announced that that we talked about we believe that it would perform in line, they would perform in line, possibly better.  But in line with the divisional performance and what I'm reiterating is, they are performing in line with the divisional performance more a little bit better but we're pleased with that. 
Andy Watts: Yeah. And Yaron, when we announced the deals, the guidance or the commentary we gave at the time was really around the margin not on organic growth and so, didn't want to see maybe those two topics kind of intertwined on this. We're very, very pleased with the business and how they're performing versus our expectations on the top line and the bottom-line.  And the margins for the businesses related to the divisions that that they're reported inside of are right in line with our expectations from a margin perspective. So, we're really, really pleased with how the team is performing and in both the businesses over here. 
Yaron Kinar : I appreciate that. The clarification thats helpful. Thank you. 
Powell Brown : Thank you. 
Yaron Kinar : And then on, Kentro, can you maybe talk about, is there any revenue seasonality you expect there or what margins expected to be relatively in line with the division in which passed in and how well it be out? 
Powell Brown : Perfect. Yes. So, overall, the business is, is relatively evenly weighted through the year. A meaningful portion of that businesses around trade credit. So it sounds like you kind of see it go well in something to one quarter or anything. So relatively even. And then the margins for the overall business and again you have to kind of look at it the two pieces between Programs and Retail, which is the nexus and this linear portion of it. The margins there were comparative for similar businesses in there. 
Yaron Kinar : And do you have any idea of how kind of the revenues will be distributed in the retail and the programs business? 
Andy Watts: Oh sure. Yeah, it's about 75%, 80% programs, Yaron with a residual on the retail side. 
Yaron Kinar : Thanks so much. 
Andy Watts: No. Thank you. 
Operator: Please stand by for the next question. The next question comes from Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open. 
Meyer Shields : Great. Thanks. So, two I think really quick questions. First in the presentation, you talked about wholesale casualty rate up ten to down ten. And it seems like a pretty significant shift. Is that down ten just like the professional liability or are there other lines that are moving to competitive pricing? 
Powell Brown : I think it could be - it's a more broadly than just some of that. So, yes it is, it's competitive. 
Meyer Shields : Okay. Its all together. Bigger picture question I guess, bad debt too tremendous heavy weights to the Board. I was wondering what we should expect from them. 
Powell Brown : Well, first of all, we're very pleased that Bronek Masojada and Paul Krump has joined the Brown & Brown Board. They have both very deep industry expertise. They also have not only underwriting, but understanding about the exposures, not just in the United States but overseas and things like that. And I think that, I would want you to go consider them just like any other board member that joined Brown & Brown we think very highly of them.  We are very pleased to have their industry expertise. But I don't want you to take something out of context. These are people that we have known and worked with and think very highly of and they've already added to our board in the first board meeting, which was last week. So, we're really, really with both of them joining the Board and look forward to many years of really great contributions from both of them. 
Meyer Shields : Okay, that's helpful. I can throw in one quick last question. I know in Florida, pricing is technically file and use but I think people treated as prior approval. Just they don't have to go back and change things. Is there any receptivity on the part of either the insurance department or the legislature to actually make it more disciplined by competition and actually be sort of a truer file and use state to attract bigger insurance company impact to the market? 
Powell Brown : Meyer, I'm not, we're not aware of that. Right now, I will tell you that the Insurance Commissioner and that in the State of Florida is underneath the CFO. I know that the CFO of the State of Florida and Insurance Commissioner and then ultimately into the governor's office, they are all thinking about ways to retain existing carriers and attract new carriers because they're very conscious of the exploding growth in citizens.  And so, the answer to the question is, no, we're not aware of it. However, I can assure you that they're thinking about it in terms of ways not, not that question specifically, but ways to actually get carriers to stay and bring more carriers to the State of Florida to create a more competitive environment. 
Meyer Shields : Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Powell Brown : Absolutely. 
Andy Watts: Thank you. 
Operator: Now, I would like to turn the call back to Powell Brown for closing remarks. 
Powell Brown : That's great. All right. Thank you all very much. We are very pleased as we said with the quarter and look forward to an exciting third and fourth quarter of the year. We got a lot of cool things going at Brown & Brown and we appreciate your time. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Q1 2023 earnings call. Before we get into any detail, Q1 was an outstanding quarter and we're very pleased with our results. I'll provide some high-level comments around our performance for the quarter, along with some updates on the insurance market and M&A landscape; then Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. And lastly, I'll wrap up with some closing thoughts before we open it up to Q&A. I'm now on slide number four. We delivered over $1.1 billion of revenue, growing 23% in total and 12.6% organically. To put this in perspective, 11 years ago our total annual revenues were $1.1 billion. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin remained strong for the quarter at 35.7%. We delivered earnings per share of $0.83, growing 7.8% over the first quarter of 2022. On the M&A front, we completed seven acquisitions with estimated annual revenues of $11 million. We're very pleased to have delivered another outstanding quarter of good profitable growth. I'm on slide five. From an economic standpoint, most businesses continue to grow and companies are still looking to hire employees. Overall, business leaders are generally cautious about the future while managing the impacts of inflation and higher interest rates. We would say there's not been a material change for what we heard from our customers in the fourth quarter of 2022. The insurance marketplace is very challenging for customers in the first quarter. Across most lines of coverage, rate increases were similar to prior quarters with admitted markets up 5% to 7% and excess and surplus markets up 10% to 20%. However, there are exceptions. Workers' compensation rates continue to decline. E&S professional liability rates, primarily public company D&O continued to moderate with rates down 10% or more and in some cases they're up slightly. The areas that remain the most challenging are E&S property and excess liability due to losses and increased insured values. Carriers continue to elevate their coastal -- evaluate their coastal property portfolios. These actions result in more participants generally on a property placement. We continue to see underwriters increase insured values per square foot, thus customers are seeing premiums rise based on rates and higher values. As a result, buyers are feeling exhausted with the premium increases and more customers are purchasing loss limits, increased deductibles and decreasing overall limits. Pertaining to the Florida insurance market everyone's watching to see the impact of the legal reforms late last year. Long-term we believe the changes will be positive. However, we think it will take some time to see improvement related to the legal changes. In the interim, more policies will continue to move into Citizens. Please remember, Citizens was created to be the market of last resort for residential homes, condominiums and apartments. Right now it's one of the most competitive and at times one of the only solutions for insureds. As it relates to the overall M&A market the level of deals primarily from financial backers has slowed. That does not mean high-quality businesses don't trade at similar multiples to what we've seen over the past year. But from our perspective, we remain active and GRP had another solid quarter of M&A transactions. We're very pleased with their success and the quality of the businesses they're adding to the Brown & Brown team. Our disciplined approach remains centered on identifying high-quality companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. I'm now on slide number 6. Our Retail segment delivered impressive organic growth of 8.8%. The growth across all lines of business, were driven by strong new business, good retention and continued rate increases. In addition our employee benefits businesses performed really well in Q1. Our Program Segment delivered another outstanding quarter of double-digit organic growth of nearly 34% fueled by new business rate increases, good retention and claims processing revenue from Hurricane Ian. This growth was driven primarily by strong performance from our lender-placed business, our diverse group of wind and quake programs and our captives. Wholesale Brokerage delivered another solid quarter with organic growth of 7% driven by good new business and retention along with continued rate increases. The rate of growth for open brokerage slowed somewhat while the growth of our delegated authority business improved. Organic growth for the Services segment was 1.6% for the quarter, driven by claims processing revenue primarily related to the winter storms. I'd like to thank our 15,000-plus teammates throughout the world for delivering these strong results. Now I'd like to turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thanks Powell and good morning everyone. Since Powell discussed our GAAP results earlier in the presentation, I'll review our consolidated financial results on an adjusted basis. We're over on slide number 7. As a reminder our adjusted measures exclude the change in estimated earn-out payables, one-time acquisition costs associated with our acquisition of GRP, Orchid and BdB last year and gains or losses on business divestitures. This quarter it also excludes $11 million related to resolving a business matter which is considered one-time in nature. The charge relates to a pre-acquisition event from a business we bought over 10 years ago. We believe isolating the above items gives a better reflection of the performance of the business and provides enhanced comparability. The reconciliation of these amounts -- adjusted amounts to the most closely comparable GAAP amounts can be found in the appendix to this presentation. Total revenues were $1.1 billion for the first quarter, a new record for us growing 23.5% as compared to the prior year. Income before income taxes increased by 13.2% and EBITDAC grew by 23.2%. We had good leverage across the business even with a few moving parts this quarter that included some additional one-time costs that substantially offset the benefit of incremental investment income. In addition the margins for GRP, as we've mentioned before, are more evenly weighted throughout the year versus our seasonally higher margin in the first quarter for the company. This means, it negatively impacted the first quarter margin by approximately 40 basis points. As a result, GRP will benefit our margins in future quarters. Income before income taxes grew at a slower rate than total revenues, due to the incremental interest and amortization expense associated with acquisitions we completed last year. The effective tax rate came in at 20% which is in line with our expectations and compares to 16.8% in the first quarter of last year. The higher tax rate is due to a lower benefit from the vesting of incentive stock shares that traditionally occur in the first quarter of the year. Our diluted net income per share increased by, 7.7% from last year to $0.84. Due to the changes in the liabilities and assets associated with our deferred compensation plan, salaries and related expenses as a percentage of revenue were negatively impacted year-over-year by 150 basis points. There's an offsetting benefit within other operating expenses. Lastly, our weighted average share count increased slightly and dividends paid increased about 12% both as compared to the first quarter of last year. We're on Slide number 8. The Retail segment had an outstanding quarter delivering organic growth of 8.8%. The adjusted EBITDAC margin contracted slightly to 37% for the quarter. While the margin remained strong, it was impacted about 100 basis points by the level phasing of revenue and profit from GRP as compared to our higher Q1 margin in the United States, driven by our employee benefits business. We expect this will reverse and provide a positive impact to our margins in future quarters. We also realized some year-over-year headwinds associated with higher travel and related expenses, which we expect these headwinds to lessen as the year continues. We're over on Slide number 9. National Programs had another very strong quarter, with organic growth of 33.8% and adjusted EBITDAC margin expansion of 610 basis points. The margin improvement was driven by leveraging our expense base along with the strong organic growth. Keep in mind that, revenue for the quarter includes approximately $8 million of claims processing revenue associated with Hurricane Ian. In addition, our captive facilities that we started last year are expected to deliver $30 million to $35 million of revenue this year. We recognized approximately $10 million of revenue in the first quarter of this year as compared to approximately $1 million of revenue in the first quarter of last year. The positive impact to organic growth from these captives will diminish in each subsequent quarter and will be negligible by the fourth quarter as we will be on a more comparative basis. While we anticipate National Programs will have a good 2023, we do expect lower organic growth in the second half of this year as compared to the second half of last year. This is due to the fact that, the captives will be on a more comparative basis. We had a onetime non-recurring growth bonus of $7 million in the fourth quarter of last year, and we realized approximately $8 million of revenue associated with Hurricane Ian in the fourth quarter of last year. We're moving over to slide number 10. Our wholesale segment delivered another good quarter with organic growth of 7% and the adjusted EBITDAC margin contracted slightly. The driver of the margin decrease was higher salaries and related costs due to incremental hiring as well as salary inflation. We're on slide number 11. The Services segment grew by 1.6% organically for the quarter and the adjusted EBITDAC margin decreased by 390 basis points. The primary drivers of the margin decrease with the volume of claims revenues for certain businesses higher salary and related costs as well as some onetime expense items. A few comments regarding cash generation and capital allocation. We generated approximately $60 million of cash flow from operations in the first quarter of this year, which was impacted by higher interest and paying taxes for last year that were deferred as a result of Hurricane Ian relief. We are continuing to expect another strong year of cash generation and disciplined deployment. We ended the quarter with approximately $564 million of operating cash. We are planning further debt repayments during the year as we've done following larger deployments of capital. We are very proud of our industry-leading ratio of cash flow from operations to total revenues, and believe we are in a strong capital position to invest in the business and help drive further growth in the future. Lastly, we want to update our full year guidance regarding margins. Based on the good results for the first quarter and what we can see over the coming quarters, we are raising our outlook. And as a result our margin should be up slightly for the full year versus our previous guidance of flat. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments. 
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a great report. We continue to watch the impact of inflation and increases in interest rates on the economies in which we operate. As a result, we expect business leaders will continue to be cautious regarding the pace of their hiring and investing over the coming quarters. With that said, most of our customers are prospering. In the marketplace, buyers have pricing fatigue due to increases delivered over the last several years. We anticipate similar rate increases in coastal property in the near to intermediate term. As a result, we're seeing buyers either decrease limits increase deductibles or possibly opt for loss limits. In some instances, we're seeing personal lines customers paying off their mortgage and going without wind coverage in their personal policies. We continue to talk with our carrier partners about capacity, the flight equality and diversification. Our MGAs and MGUs have delivered good underwriting results over many years due to our disciplined approach. As a result, this positions us well to retain and/or increase our capacity that will help deliver incremental organic growth from our programs. We are pleased with the performance of our recent international acquisitions of GRP and BdB. They're growing nicely winning new business and retaining customers. In the case of GRP, they're also completing high-quality acquisitions and adding to our capabilities and geographic footprint. Many of you have seen that we completed our first Canadian retail acquisition of Highcourt Breckles on April 1. They're located in Toronto with approximately 110 teammates and will add to our capabilities in the Canadian marketplace. We'd like to welcome all teammates that have joined us over the past few months. And lastly, we're in a strong position with a good M&A pipeline. Overall, we feel really positive about our business and how our team is executing. We're winning more new business and doing a good job of retaining our customers. Our focus is on leveraging the total capabilities of Brown & Brown for the benefit of our customers both domestically and internationally. We're looking forward to having a good 2023, and have a lot of momentum coming out of the first quarter. With that, we'll turn it back over to Mikee and open the lines for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Weston Bloomer from UBS. Your line is open.
Weston Bloomer: Hi. Good morning. My first question is on the outlook for now margin expansion for the full year. I was hoping you could break out maybe by segment where you're expecting to see margin expansion. I'm more focused on Retail there where in the 1Q the margin was still down ex-GRP. So if you could maybe break out the pluses and minuses there that'd be great. 
Andy Watts : Yes. Good morning, Wes, Andy here. So we don't provide that level of granularity on outlook by the segments and everything, but just a couple of things maybe to take into consideration. Our comments earlier is we had about 100 basis points of headwinds for GRP in Retail for the quarter. That will reverse itself over the coming quarters and will be a benefit. And as we mentioned the cost around travel and entertainment some of the inflation side of it that will continue to lessen as the year comes along and we're on a more comparative basis. So hopefully that kind of gives you an idea of what it should look like. 
Weston Bloomer : Got it. And was there any impact in Retail from wage inflation and hiring as well? I know you called that out in a couple of other segments. 
Andy Watts : Yes. We had some of it. We didn't call it out specifically, but I mean, we've got it in all -- I mean, we have in a number of our segments, because we're always investing in the business. So you can always have some up and downs by the quarters based upon time hiring and growth.
Weston Bloomer : And last one I know you haven't guided to FX in the past, but is there an FX headwind that's kind of built into that margin guide as well for maybe the second quarter?
Andy Watts : No, sir.
Weston Bloomer : Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Andy Watts : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan : Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question was also on the margin side. So, first of all, I just want to understand, I guess, the only thing you're calling out, I guess, from having a significant impact on margins in the quarter is that 40 basis points all from GRP. And then as we think about that reversing over the course of the year, does that get better in all other quarters? I just want to think about the seasonality of that. And then also would you expect in that updated guidance that your margins will expand in the other three quarters of the year?
Andy Watts : Let's see if we can take a few of those pieces there. Let's see so on the first one on the GRP and the 40 basis points is yes, that will reverse in the back end of the year and it's relatively evenly spread not perfect. So it's not 25% each quarter, but pretty even through the year consistent with what we've communicated in the past in there. Other thing to keep in mind and we had mentioned it is, we did have some one-time items in the quarter that are in our numbers that offset the benefit from our investment income. So, again, we'd not envision that those would recur in future quarters that are out there. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then is the Q1 investment income, right, I think it's trending better than what you guys had provided last quarter. I think you had said $14 million to $17 million for the full year. Is the Q1 a good run rate level for investment income?
Andy Watts: Yeah, probably somewhere in that range all depends upon what the balances are on cash, which can move up and down but that's probably a reasonable number. When you think about it from an absolute, what you wouldn't want to do is put that on incremental year-over-year remember because rates were going up last year as the year was coming along. So think about it on a run rate basis when you model it, okay?
Elyse Greenspan: Yeah, its great. And then last one, retail. You guys both highlighted it seems like a good environment there both on the core brokerage and the benefits business. I guess, good growth in both in the Q1. Anything one-off or anything you guys want to highlight as we think about just the go-forward organic growth of that segment?
Powell Brown: No, I wouldn't say anything that we haven't said Elyse. We're really pleased with how retail is performing. And as I like to say, we continue to hire talented teammates to help us service the market and producing the business that we're bringing on and that those customers that we already have, our existing customer base. So nothing out of the ordinary about growth itself, but I would just tell you we are very pleased with where the retail business is positioned both domestically and with our new acquisitions, not just like last year in GRP but in Ireland and excited about Canada as well.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Please ask your question.
Gregory Peters: Good morning Paul and Andy. I guess, I'm going to go back Powell to your comments about the impact of all the challenges in Florida. It's my impression that if there's a migration to Citizens that might be some pressure on commission rates for the company. And so maybe you could spend a minute and just talk to us about the economic conditions in Florida, considering what's going on in the property insurance market. Are you seeing any other pressures economically with any of the business developments et cetera? And then talk about the migration of Citizens and its impact on your business?
Powell Brown: Sure. So first of all I'd like to clarify that in a business that's $2-plus billion of revenue, the impact of Florida today versus the impact of Florida 15 years ago is much different. So I think it's important to start there. The second thing that I would tell you is that from an economic standpoint, generally speaking in our -- with our customer base in Florida, they seem to be doing quite well. And what I mean by that is the construction is booming, people are growing. That does not mean that their margins are necessarily growing, because they -- different industries are having different levels of inflation and impact on cost into their P&Ls. But I would tell you that -- and if you go to dinner, it's packed. So it's still -- the economy is doing well in Florida. As it relates to Citizens, I'd like to talk about two scenarios, because this is -- there are some similarities and some differences for those of you that have been around since 2007. I'd like to talk about that. So here's basically the parallels. In 2007 and today. Citizens is deemed as the market of last resort, okay? So let's start there and we're going to start in retail and that's where the similarities end. So in 2007 if in fact -- and these are just examples. This is not -- it's a hypothetical example, so just bear with me. If the market was bearing an $0.85 rate on a condominium and Citizens being the market of last resort was quoting a dollar rate and the then Governor implemented wind mitigation credits, that took that rate from $1 in Citizens down to $0.50. So effectively the buyer was going from $0.85 to $0.50 per  in terms of insured values. That action in and of itself took us to negative organic growth in 2007, as an organization, much different concentration in Florida all that stuff. The final thing is Citizens was the market of last resort. They would write anything, anything, okay? So now fast forward to 2023 and Citizens has underwriting guidelines and there's not a rate cut. So if in fact, I'm just going to use the same scenario that we just had there. If they were at $0.85 and Citizens was $1 or $1.25, and the general market is at $1.75 or $1.50 then there are underwriting criteria, roof construction all kinds of things where Citizens is actually trying to qualify accounts. So remember, it's much different. It doesn't mean it's not complex. It is complex. So it takes a lot of time to get through a government entity to get the  but that's the difference now. In Retail, if you take an account that's from the E&S market and you bring it over into Citizens, the commission level would be, let's say flat to down slightly to up slightly. But let's just call it flattish but it has a lot more work. That said, in the wholesale segment, it has the potential to one an account can move. So you could go in the E&S market and they lose the entire account because it goes to Citizens with the retailer or you can have a scenario where Citizens quotes the wind-only and we quote an ex-wind quote. And remember, the example is it was $0.85 on  and its superior construction, the wind-only rate  I mean the ex-wind rate might be $0.07 or $0.10. So all of a sudden the premium has gone down substantially and we get paid commission on that much lower rate. So that's how it manifests itself Greg. And maybe a little more than you wanted but I think it's important for people to understand the difference today between 2007 because it's a big difference. And it's important you understand that.
Gregory Peters: Yes. That's great color. Just a point of clarification. Is it fair to sort of I'm guessing right now but is it  when I look at your Florida residential book of property, is it fair to say that Citizens is about 20% of that book, or do you think it is a lower or higher percentage?
Powell Brown: I think now I want to make sure that you  when you say residential, are you talking about residential homes, or you talking about condos and apartments as well? 
Gregory Peters: Yes. Residential homes, condos and apartments.
Powell Brown: Okay. So the short answer is no, I don't think it's 20% presently. And what you find is there's a lot of activity in the residential, specifically condos and apartments in the first half of the year. So there's a lot of activity right now going on. And as I said, there are properties, not only where you live but up and down the West Coast and the East Coast, that are currently in the E&S market that have been submitted to Citizens but we don't know yet, if they're going to qualify. So how that ultimately plays out this year is yet to be determined.
Andy Watts: Yes Greg, keep in mind that the limitation that Powell talks about, on the homeowners side if you go down into Tri-County, I think the limit -- I might be off on this just by a little bit. I think the line is $999,000 I believe is the number. So if you think about how many homes are below $900,000 or $999,000 in Tri-County, not a lot of them. It's a very expensive real estate market down there. And then the rest of the state, I believe it's $700000 is the limit. So, not everything can actually go into Citizens. So there's a lot of press around all of it. But only certain things go into that box. And then there's a lot of limitations as to what they will take in the way of quality. So, the reason why we added all that color is the market is very different today than what it was in 2007. So there's been a lot of speculation regarding what this does to our numbers. And we've talked a lot about diversification of our organization and that we're not a Florida-based organization, the way we were at least weighted 15, 20 years ago. But our Florida businesses performed really well in the first quarter. We're very, very pleased both in Retail as well as Wholesale and Programs.
Gregory Peters: Got it. That's excellent detail. And I feel like we could probably have an hour-long conversation just on this topic alone. But I'm going to pivot, and my last question just will focus on inside your commentary around GRP, you commented about how they're making acquisitions, and I guess I haven't really seen any press releases come out from Brown. So, how are -- how is that coming through in the reported numbers, or where are we -- where do we see the acquisition activity inside GRP as is reported through Brown & Brown's consolidated statements?
Andy Watts: Yes Greg, you should see those on our IR website. We tag them inside there. They come out underneath of a GRP press release that's got Brown & Brown in the footer, but we pull all those over into our normal IR website. So they should all be there.
Gregory Peters: Got it. And then just on that point your approach to organic has been pretty -- well, you've set a benchmark on trying to not include acquisitions as part of organic. I assume you're taking the same conservative approach in applying it to how you count in GRP organic. Is that correct?
Powell Brown: Correct.
Andy Watts: Yes.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for your answers.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Cox from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Cox: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. So broadly across the business and maybe specifically to employee benefits, I was curious on your expectations for exposure growth for the duration of the year just considering your outlook for the economy to continue to moderate.
Powell Brown: Yes. So I think the way we look at it is we still have a positive outlook on exposure growth, not so much inside of existing clients but the growth in number of clients. So we do believe that our customer base on a net basis will actually expand in terms of adding new people to their plans but the biggest part of the growth will be new benefits plans where we're helping people manage their costs and the delivery of what they want to their employee base.
Robert Cox: Great. Thank you. And just as a follow-up the pressure in professional lines, did the D&O pressure, which I think is most acute in the E&S market accelerate this quarter? And do you see any signs of stabilization in D&O rates?
Powell Brown: Yes. The short answer is did we see an acceleration in the decline? And yes we saw a little bit. That's correct. And remember I would -- and I don't have this right off the tip of my tongue but remember D&O rates were going up more quickly and sooner than this property trend. So, they had gotten to a level that the marketplace felt as though it was appropriate or high and then people started piling back in. Now, one, Robert could make the argument, I am not making this argument, but I'm pointing it out, that if someone on the risk-bearing side is trying to manage volatility in their earnings and doing that by looking closely at their CAT property portfolio, they have to redeploy that -- those assets and they're redeploying those assets in a place like professional liability. Thus, we're having price decreases or continued price decreases in professional liability. So some people have taken that position. I'm not necessarily trying to imply that. I'm just trying to give that to you so you can kind of chew on it.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thank you. Thats helpful.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. My first question goes to the Retail segment and employee benefits. I think the last couple of quarters you'd called out the potential for some pressure on growth from employee benefits and yet, I think, numbers actually came in quite strong. Can you maybe talk about what changed or what actually happened this quarter relative to your expectations there? And would that then create a headwind for 1Q 2024?
Powell Brown: So, do we think it's a headwind for 1Q, 2024? No, not really as we sit here today. That's the first part. But you're on it. If you go back to what we said, there was one particular business that had an impact in Q4 in terms of a headwind. And that business -- that individual business still actually was encouraging headwinds in Q1. But the other businesses performed really, really well. And as Andy has said before, remember we have a front-end loaded, from a 606 revenue recognition standpoint, in Q1, because of employee benefits, but that's a function of us writing a lot of new employee benefits business and all the other businesses performing that much better relative to -- and offsetting of that little bit of a headwind in that one particular business. So we feel good about -- I mean, I don't want to give you the impression that we only feel good about employee benefits. Please don't take that out of my -- our comments. We feel really good about our P&C and we feel really good about our personal lines businesses too in Retail. But I just mentioned it, because there were people on the call in Q4 that felt like the organic growth was a trend, which is not and we said that. But we just wanted to kind of clarify that. And we also clarified it, because we did talk about a business that had a significant impact on the revenues in Q4 and there's still a bit of a headwind there but we've overcome that.
Andy Watts: Yaron, I think we also -- we made mention in the fourth quarter, one of our specialty aligned businesses also had headwinds in the fourth quarter. And we anticipated some headwinds in the first quarter. We did see those. So that came through. But I think our commentary back at the time on the earnings, as we said we thought it would be modest in the first quarter. That's pretty much kind of what we saw through. So we were very, very pleased with 8.8 organic still with those modest headwinds. And we don't see those headwinds as a material issue on those businesses on the future quarters.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thanks. And then, my second question is with regards to the captive revenues. Is it fair to think of them as, kind of, full margin revenues, at least in kind of the first half of the year until we hit storm season barring an earthquake?
Andy Watts: Yes, I wouldn't call it full margin, because we do have some operating expenses in there, but they are much higher margin in non-storm periods when we have claim cost, yes.
Powell Brown: And that's wind and quake you're on, make sure -- I want to make sure you knew it. Yes. Okay. Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Ward from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Michael Ward: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Maybe just following up on that last one. I think you mentioned you had $10 million of earned premium for the captives in the quarter, but the - I think the guidance was $30 million to $35 million. So I was just wondering what's in that guide for the year, assume some level of losses?
Andy Watts: Yeah, I think we're just trying to estimate right now it will -- we're anticipating to move back and forth a little bit. The other thing is in the third quarter of last year when we recognized the claim cost on Ian's we also had some accelerated premiums during that time period. So it will move a little around a little bit by the quarter. That's how we took that into consideration. So you won't probably see it be exactly perfect by each of the quarters on an earned basis. It will be down a little bit in the third quarter. 
Michael Ward: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then thinking about capital deployment how much -- or management how much debt paydown do you anticipate doing from here? And do you have a targeted leverage ratio that you're looking to get to?
Andy Watts: Why don't we tackle the last one first. So what we have said publicly is on a gross basis 0 to 3. We're very comfortable with that range and 0 to 2.5 on a net basis. Michael, if you look back over time, we traditionally will move on the higher end of that range around acquisitions, and then we trend back down. And we normally kind of operate in kind of that middle part of the range in both net and gross, if you look at it over a longer period of time. And that's probably not unreasonable for our business. That will kind of continue to go down. One is, we repay debt normal maturities that are coming along on a quarterly basis and then as we just continue to grow the organization. If you look back we normally will delever about 0.25 to 0.5 turn per year is a pretty decent amount.
Powell Brown: And that's also assuming, if we're going to continue to invest in the business and we have to continue to weigh and measure M&A opportunities as they come along. But yeah.
Michael Ward: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, and good morning. One, I guess small question. When we look at the international acquisitions do they have a different fiduciary investment income profile than the legacy domestic business? Is there more investment income associated with their placements than the direct build test we have in the US?
Andy Watts: Hey, good morning, Meyer. No, we don't earn as much on a fiduciary income internationally as what we do in the US. And again keep in mind in the US that, there's still limitations even here where you have trust restricted states that only allow you to earn interest up to your bank fees and then where we have relationships also with our carrier partners. Some of those also will only allow us on banks. So you don't see everything move on a linear basis. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. But this -- like the year-over-year improvement that seems like you're saying it's just a function of interest rates as opposed to mix.
Andy Watts: Correct. Yes, yeah. Don't read that that was all benefit of GRP and/or anything of that nature now.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then I just wanted to confirm something. I think you mentioned this in your recent comments, but one of the LPI insurers has significant catastrophe losses in the quarter and you're saying that that -- there were no losses in the captive reinsurance component?
Andy Watts: Can you -- repeat that one more time please?
Powell Brown: Yes, repeat the first part of that question. You were breaking up or I didn't hear it exactly.
Meyer Shields: Okay. I just want to confirm that there were no losses in the layer of reinsurance that you funded for captive. The reason I'm asking is because we did see some significant storm losses that impacted the lender-placed market.
Andy Watts: No. No, there isn't. But keep in mind the captives that we have are not -- they're not linked with our lender-placed business. They're on large condominiums as well as on the quake side. So, wind and quake in there. And no, we did not have any storm-related claim cost in the first quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Companies. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. Powell, I wanted to be a little more optimistic around capacity, the capacity for our programs. And I wonder I think last quarter you had suggested that might be a -- something you'd be keeping an eye on and that would be potentially a gating factor for organic. Have you seen that change over the last three months?
Powell Brown: No. I don't want to give you the impression that there's some like found new capacity. I wish we could say that. But I think the issue is this every carrier or market participant is evaluating how they want to deploy their capacity. As I said earlier carriers are looking for more protection against earnings volatility nothing new. They're looking for balance of risk to the extent possible where we have a very large group of programs that are not just CAT. So we're able to balance those with people and so that's a very positive and we've had really good results over a long period of time. So we feel like as I've said before that we are effectively an outsourced insurance company. We can do everything other than bear the risk. And as a result of that and the results that we have delivered if in fact someone is considering, expanding or repositioning, which is a better thing. I don't think of it as expanding but repositioning capacity then we typically like to think that we're going to be near the top of that list because they've seen our results and they've seen the growth that we've had in the past. So there's no found bucket of gold under the rainbow. It's not that kind of deal. But I do feel like there's some really good discussions around us being able to keep capacity, which is as equally as important. I view that as a win Mark not just cutting capacity, because a lot of people have had a lot of capacity cuts. And if we can keep our capacity that to wind and then we might get cut a little bit somewhere but we get a little new. And so on a net basis, we're about even or maybe up just slightly.
Mark Hughes: Thank you for that. And then you mentioned that Florida construction sounds like its good. How about nationally?
Powell Brown: Yeah. What I would tell you Mark is, if we go around the system and you look in places, it's remarkable. I mean places that come to mind I'll give you an example Nashville, Tennessee, Atlanta. You get up in the Northeast in several areas, Boston. You get in Colorado. I mean, Phoenix. You get in all these places all around and you just got a lot going. And so if you think about it, the industry -- the one industry that we're in that has got a headwind as a higher level in a specialty lines business is auto dealers. We do some auto dealer work and auto dealer units are down. So think about it. Their pricing is coming back down to MSRP levels or below. There's an impact on used cars. And so that's a direct relation to our interest rate increases. So having said that at some point that's going to turn as well. So that's a slight headwind in our -- but if you think about other industries there's a lot of businesses that are looking for people. I think the restaurant business is tough particularly anything that is not defined as seated. It doesn't have to be fine dining but like a nicer restaurant, they're having a hard time in terms of getting people to work because if it's fast food, it's just tough.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, yeah. And then one final question. Andy I don't know if you gave the revenue impacts from the winter storm claims?
Andy Watts: No, we didn't break it out but we did mention it Mark in the commentary on services. And yeah we did pick up some claims from the winter storms, again nothing really, really material in there but a few.
Mark Hughes: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Yeah. And just for clarity those sit in services, okay?
Mark Hughes: Yeah, understood. All right.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andy Watts: Hello, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan : Hi. Sorry, I was on mute. Thanks for taking me back. I just had a follow-up question. So, just thinking through some of the stuff that came up earlier in the call in terms of just the captive and Ian revenue and the margin. So I know you said the captive isn't 100% margin. So if I assume Ian and the captive right, which I think was $18 million revenue is 75% margin and I adjust the overall margin for that, and I add back the 40 basis point headwind from GRP, I still get that you're about a 35.4% margin for the quarter. So will it still would have been down a little bit year-over-year right? And you did have the NII tailwind. What am I missing, I guess, in thinking about this math and then tying it back to your guide for margin improvement over the balance of the year?
Andy Watts: Hi, Elyse. So I think maybe a couple of things to think about and we mentioned in the comments is there are some moving parts in there. We thought it was easier just to give everybody guidance on the full year, right? Because otherwise there's always puts and takes. There's business mix inside everything else. It's just -- it's not as easy as just adding up a couple of items. So what we're trying to do is just keep it relatively simple for everybody and give an idea as to what the full year would look like for the organization. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then when thinking from here, I guess, the only, I guess, one-off items embedded within the updated full year guide is just right programs will be some stronger revenue from the captive right until we kind of annualize that later in the year. So that could help margins, I guess, in the second quarter and then also just the higher investment income. Are there any other like headwinds or tailwinds in that updated full year guide for the rest of the three quarters?
Andy Watts: Well, so I think in the second quarter, yes, I think your comment would be fair. Now keep in mind that the revenue from the captives, right, will start to level out. So we're not going to get the benefit of organic lift each quarter going forward like what we saw in the first quarter, okay? Because we'll be -- we're writing basically a specific amount of premium, right, is what we committed to do inside of the captive. So that's limited in nature. That's why you get basically to a level amount of revenue by the back end of the year. Keep in mind also, we mentioned the one-time bonus in programs that we had in the fourth quarter of last year and also the $8 million of Ian claims. Just take those into consideration, when you're thinking about organic in the back end of the year and what that might mean on margins. 
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. And then one last one the $30 million to $35 million of captive revenue this year what was that last year in your full year?
Andy Watts: Yes, we said it was about $25 million last year. 
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Yes. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd turn the call over back to our speakers for closing remarks. 
Powell Brown : Thank you very much, Mike. We appreciate everybody's time, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter, very pleased with the outcome and look forward to talking to you then. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in the slide presentation posted in the connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter, and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter, and its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued today -- yesterday. Other factors that the company may have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for the call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President, and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin sir.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Norma. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Before we get into the details, I wanted to make a few comments regarding our performance in 2022. The fourth quarter capped off another exceptional year as we delivered strong organic growth while substantially maintaining our margins even with increased variable operating expenses and the financial impact of Hurricane Ian. 2022 was also a milestone for acquisition activity as we significantly increased our international capabilities with the additions of GRP and BdB in the U.K. Our consistently strong results are only made possible through the hard work and dedication of our nearly 15,000 teammates. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter, I'm on Slide number 4. We delivered $900 million of revenue growing 22% in total and 7.8% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin increased by nearly 300 basis points to 31.4% for the quarter. Adjusted net income per share was $0.50, growing by 28%. We also completed nine acquisitions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $17 million. Overall, we're pleased with the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 5. We achieved another milestone this year by delivering over $3.5 billion of revenue, growing 17% in total and 8% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin remained strong for the year at 32.8%. On an adjusted basis, our net income per share increased nearly 7% to $2.28. Lastly, we had a record year for M&A activity completing 30 acquisitions with approximately $435 million of annual revenue. Our acquisitions both large and small are performing well. As a result of our disciplined strategy to acquire top-quality businesses that fit culturally and make sense financially. We have a proven track record of being able to successfully acquire, integrate, and grow companies of all sizes to join the Brown & Brown team. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. I'm on Slide 6. Let's start with the economy. We continue to see the expansion of many businesses that are still hiring albeit at a slower pace than in previous quarters. There's been a general reduction in the number of open positions that companies are looking to fill. While interest rates have increased materially over the past year we're not seeing a broad-based impact on our customers in the economy yet. From an insurance standpoint, certain markets have been and remain in significant turmoil. Pricing for CAT property both commercial and residential was under pressure through the third quarter. Then Ian slammed into Florida. This caused 1/1 reinsurance treaties to be bound at higher attachment points and materially higher rates. As a result, we saw incremental price increases and lower limits being offered for placements in late Q4 of last year and early this year. The placement of CAT property in Q4 last year and January of this year with some of the most difficult placements we've experienced in decades with rates increasing 20% to 40% or more. However, properties of lesser construction quality or that have experienced losses could be much higher and I mean much higher than this range. As a result, we had customers unable to buy or afford full limits and therefore ended up increasing their deductibles or purchasing loss limit in order to manage our cost of insurance. In certain cases, this was not possible as lending institutions or condo associations would not allow lower limits or significantly higher deductibles. Admitted market rate increases were similar to prior quarters and were up 3% to 7% across most lines with the outlier being workers' compensation rates which remained down 1% to 3%. The placement of professional liability and excess liability remain competitive with rates down 5% to up 5%, with public company D&O rates down 5% to down 20% or more. Regarding cyber, the story is similar to the last few quarters with rates and deductibles continuing to increase but we did see some slight moderation during the quarter. Late in Q4, there were reforms impacting the legal and regulatory environment for insurance in the State of Florida, which included the elimination of one-way attorney's fees and assignment of benefits. The establishment of a reinsurance backstop for certain carriers and the requirement of arbitration prior to litigation. These changes should be positive for buyers of insurance, but it will take time. From an M&A standpoint, we're pleased with the nine transactions we completed. We continue to acquire companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. Specifically, the integration of GRP is going very well and we're acquiring a number of businesses and the financial performance is in line with our expectations. From an overall industry perspective, the number of transactions slowed materially compared to previous quarters. Like last quarter, if a business is considered to be a platform or a must-have, the market is still aggressive on pricing. Now I'm on Slide 5. Let's transition -- I'm sorry, Slide 7. Let's transition and discuss our performance of the four segments. For the quarter, our Retail segment delivered organic growth of 2.7% with good growth experienced in most lines of business. Our organic growth was impacted by the slowdown in specialty lines due to lower auto and RV sales as well as slower growth in a couple of our employee benefits businesses due to an extremely tough comparable versus the fourth quarter in the prior year. Our Retail segment delivered another strong year of organic revenue growth of 6.5%. We're very pleased with how our business is positioned and the capabilities we have to serve our customers of any size and believe 2023 should be another good year. Once again, our National Programs segment delivered excellent results, growing 22% organically for the quarter. This performance was driven by good new business and retention across most of our programs, as well as exposure unit expansion and rate increases. The National Programs team is performing at a high level by offering a diverse range of products and delivering best-in-class solutions for our customers driving nearly 16% organic growth for the full year. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another good quarter, growing 8% organically driven by rate increases and new business even with personal lines, which has been a challenge for most of the year. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 7.6% organically for 2022 and is well positioned to continue their success into '23. For the quarter, our Services segment delivered modest organic revenue growth as a result of winning new customers and increased storms claims with this expansion, substantially offset by lower claims for certain businesses. Overall, we feel good about our capabilities and the value we deliver for our customers. Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide number 8. Like previous quarters we'll discuss our GAAP results and then certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the fourth quarter, we delivered 22.1% total revenue growth, organic revenue growth of 7.8%, and our EBITDAC margin increased by 220 basis points. Our net income grew 43% and diluted net income per share increased by 42% to $0.51. Both were impacted by the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, which was a credit of $5.8 million in 2022, and the charge of $19.8 million in the prior year. The effective tax rate decreased to 25.2% for the fourth quarter of this year as compared to 27.8% in the fourth quarter of last year, primarily driven by lower statutory rates for our international businesses and the impact of deductibility for acquisition earn-out payable adjustments. Our weighted average number of shares was substantially flat compared to the prior year, and our dividends per share for the quarter increased to $11.5 or 11.7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. We're over on Slide number 9. This slide presents our results on an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of movements in foreign currencies on both revenues and expenses. The net gain or loss on disposals, the one-time acquisition integration costs associated with GRP, Orchid, and BdB, and the change in earn-out payables. We've included on Slides 18 through 26, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. On an adjusted basis, our EBITDAC margin grew by 290 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDAC increased by 34.9% and income before income taxes increased by 22.6%. This margin expansion was due to another solid quarter of revenue growth, increased contingent incentive commissions, and leveraging our expense base even while having a higher year-over-year variable operating cost. The incremental growth rate of adjusted EBITDAC as compared to adjusted income before income taxes was driven by a higher year-over-year interest cost of $29 million and higher amortization of $7 million with both largely driven by the GRP, Orchid, and BdB acquisitions. Our adjusted net income for the quarter increased by 26.9% and adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.50, increasing 28.2%. We're on Slide number 10. Our Retail segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 19.8% driven primarily by acquisition activity and organic revenue growth of 2.7% for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDAC grew 25.1%, with our adjusted EBITDAC margin increasing by 120 basis points for the quarter, primarily driven by lower year-over-year performance incentives, but was partially offset by higher variable operating cost. We're on Slide number 11. Our National Programs segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 34.1% driven by organic revenue growth of 21.9%, acquisition activity, and higher contingent commissions. Organic growth was positively impacted by approximately $7 million due to the finalization of a growth bonus for one of our programs, which we do not anticipate recurring in 2023. As it relates to flood claims processing revenues associated with Hurricane Ian, we still expect revenues in the range of $12 million to $15 million. In the fourth quarter, we recognized approximately $8 million. Our contingent commissions were higher due to premium growth and profitable underwriting in our CAT programs, as well as the loss development for Hurricane Ian being lower than originally expected. Adjusted EBITDAC grew by 53% over the prior year and our adjusted margin increased by 540 basis points to 44.1% primarily due to total revenue growth and leveraging our expense base as well as higher contingent commissions and the previously mentioned growth bonus. We're on Slide number 12. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 17.1% driven by recent acquisitions, good organic revenue growth of 8.1%, and an increase in contingent commissions. Adjusted EBITDAC increased by 19.9%, with the associated margin growing by 70 basis points, which is primarily impacted by increased contingent commissions and good organic growth, but was partially offset by higher variable operating expenses. We're on Slide number 13. Adjusted total revenues and organic revenue growth in our Services segment were substantially in line with the prior year. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDAC increased $1.6 million or 23.9% driven by continued management of our expenses. We're on Slide number 14. This slide represents our GAAP results for both years. In 2022, we delivered revenues of over $3.5 billion growing 17.1%, and earnings per share of $2.37 growing 14.5%. EBITDAC increased by 14% to approximately $1.2 billion. For the year, our share count was substantially flat and our dividends paid during 2022 increased by 11.3%. We're on Slide number 15. This slide presents our results for both years on an adjusted basis. Our income before income taxes grew 6.6%, and net income per share was $2.28 growing by 6.5% as compared to total revenue growth of 17.3%. This difference was driven by higher interest and amortization associated with GRP, Orchid, and BdB. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin remained strong at 32.8% but declined slightly by 40 basis points from the prior year due to higher variable cost. Overall, we are very pleased with the results for 2022. We're on Slide number 16. It's part of evaluating the performance for the year and the fact that are captives are newer, we wanted to provide some additional color. We participate in two CAT property captives with the goals to increase capacity, drive additional organic growth, participate in strong underwriting results, like we do with contingent commissions, and deliver good returns on our invested capital. One captive participates on a quota-share basis for certain of our wind and quake programs, and the second participates on an excess of loss or reinsurance layer for a personal lines wind program. Overall, we are very pleased with the top and bottom-line performance, knowing that certain quarters can have volatility when they're CAT events. It's important to keep in mind that performance cannot be evaluated on one quarter but it's better viewed on a full-year basis. In 2022, we recognized approximately $25 million of incremental revenue with about $5 million driven by the acquisition of Orchid. For 2023, we anticipate revenues of approximately $30 million to $35 million. From a risk standpoint for both captives, we can have up to $13 million of exposure in any one occurrence and $25 million in the aggregate. As we always do, we've used a disciplined approach to balance upside potential and downside risk versus deployed capital and believe we have structured the programs well to deliver on our objectives. Few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion. For 2022, we delivered cash flow from operations of $881 million. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was 24.7% as compared to 26.5% last year. This lower ratio is due to the payment of earn-outs as certain acquisitions have overperformed our original expectations, incremental interest expense, and paying higher incentive bonuses to our teammates for their outstanding performance in 2021. Overall we are in a strong cash generation and capital position, finishing the year with $650 million of available cash. We also repaid the remaining outstanding balance of $150 million on our revolver that was drawn in connection with our acquisition of GRP, BdB, and Orchid. We expect to continue to delever over the coming quarters as we have done in the past post larger deployments of capital. We finished the year in a strong liquidity position. With this capital, the cash we will generate in 2023 as well as capacity on our revolver we are well-positioned to fund continued investments in our company. We have a few comments regarding the outlook for 2023. First, for contingent commissions, we anticipate them to be relatively flat year-over-year, but this will be ultimately driven by loss experience. As it pertains to taxes, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25%, a slight increase compared to 2022 due to a higher estimated tax rate in the U.K., the lower year-over-year tax benefit from the vesting of stock grants and limitations on the deductibility of certain compensation benefits. We anticipate our interest expense will be in the range of $185 million to $195 million. Regarding interest income, we're seeing some nice improvement and are projecting income of approximately $14 million to $17 million subject to how the Fed changes interest rates. As it relates to amortization expense, we're projecting approximately $162 million to $166 million. This does not include amortization associated with acquisitions that we may complete during 2023. As it relates to margins, we do not see any major headwinds or tailwinds heading into 2023, that shouldn't materially impact our margins. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. As we close out '22 and look forward to '23, we have a couple of observations. First, last year was another very successful year for Brown & Brown. We delivered over $3.5 billion of revenues growing 17% had our largest year of acquisitions while expanding our footprint and capabilities in the U.K. market. We invested in technology to help improve the experience for our customers and teammates, grew organically at over 8%, delivered strong margins, again, even with higher variable costs and the impacts of Hurricane Ian, as well as generated over $880 million of cash flow from operations. We're also in a strong position from a capital standpoint and we'll continue to invest in our capabilities in order to best serve the needs of our customers. Regarding the economic outlook of 2023, well, there's a lot of uncertainty regarding inflation and labor shortages, we expect further economic moderation as the impact of higher interest rates take effect. From an insurance standpoint, we're anticipating admitted market rate increases to be relatively consistent with last year, we expect CAT property rates to be up 10% to 40% or more for at least the first half of the year, as well as capacity to potentially be constrained. It's not potentially, it will be constrained as the market needs to fully digest an impact. The impact of Hurricane Ian, as well as other insured losses. In addition, professional liability rates should continue to moderate downward. Regarding recent acquisitions they're performing well and we are expecting good profitable growth in the coming year. On an M&A front, we have a good pipeline and we'll continue our disciplined approach to finding great companies that fit culturally and makes sense financially. In summary, we feel great about our business, the diversity of our capabilities and our ability to help customers with risk management solutions that best fit their needs. Our team of almost 15,000 has good momentum, and we're looking forward to another strong year. With that let me turn it back over to Norma for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Your line is now open sir.
Greg Peters: Great. Good morning, everyone. I know you don't like to forecast organic revenue growth, but there are two items, one you called out in your commentary about catastrophe pricing. And secondly, in your retail segment, you talked about some employee benefit headwinds or a difficult comparisons. So, when I think about '23, Powell and Andy, how will those variables -- like the June first renewals on property CAT and what's going on employee benefits, how will that affect your organic results for this year -- this upcoming year?
Powell Brown: Okay. Let's start with the second part first. Let's talk about employee benefits. Employee benefits overall performed really well for the year and we're very pleased with those businesses. And as we said in our prepared remarks, that was actually really only in one or two businesses that had a setback. Having said that, I think that EV will continue to perform well in the system. We don't give organic guidance on that and we don't break out lines of business, but from an employee benefits standpoint, feel really good. As it relates to the CAT property pricing, the variable there, Greg, as you know is not as much our -- I mean, it is there are certain limitations on ability to present limits in some instances. But it's more of -- in my opinion, it's more of an affordability issue. And so, if you think about if you've been giving rate increases, let's just say to yourself on your own personal lines homeowners, if you've got an increase of let's say 10% a year for four or five years in a row and then all of a sudden we came on the fifth year and gave you a 25% increase, there is a -- the buyers are tiring of that. And so, having said that, availability of capacity in this market is unlike anything I've ever seen, I've only been in the insurance industry for 33 years now. So, there's a lot more to go, but I've not ever seen anything like this and we will continue to provide solutions to our customers. But sometimes the example I think we used last time and I would use it again is, if you have an entity, and they're paying $800,000 for their property and the renewal is a $1.8 million, and they say, what can we buy for $1 million, which can't buy anymore insurance, we can't afford it. So, we're seeing that more and more, Greg. So, the CAT pricing that is going to -- is it more of a wildcard. The other thing that we're seeing is in the CAT capacity and accessing it in some instances, there is commission pressure downward on some of those placements now. So, a lot of people just think, well, as the rate goes up X, then you're going to -- your commission goes up X if you're on commission as opposed to a fee and that is true sometimes, but in this case, they might cut your commission one or two points, and so we're seeing that as well. So that's a harder one to answer, Greg.
Greg Peters: Okay. I understand that. It's a moving target, especially in the Southeast. I guess for my second question just pivot, Andy, in your comments you talked about -- you gave some guidance, and then on adjusted EBITDAC margins you said no tailwinds or headwinds for '23. So, maybe you can provide some context about -- is that -- in terms of laying out expectations for Street, is it one where we just expect margins to be flat year-over-year, or maybe give us some color to help us frame what your comments really mean.
Andy Watts: Sure. Well, I think what we're trying to say on that one, Greg, is we don't see any major headwinds or tailwinds going into the year. We do have like most everybody else unknowns around what will happen with inflation and T&E, but we'll work our way through those pieces. I don't see any major incremental investments that we're making in the business that we need to call out externally, we're always making investments in our business, but we do that each year through everything. We do anticipate that T&E will be up year-over-year, just not to the extent that what we saw '22 versus 2021 right now. So, and that was really why we gave guidance going into 2022 because that was a big variable, but right now, we're not seeing anything specifically that would impact the margins in 2023 versus 2022.
Greg Peters: And just a point follow-up on that. When you think about organic for '23, is there some sort of rule-of-thumb I know some of your peers offer rules from that, if the organic, a certain amount we can expand margins, if organic not, I mean, do you have any sort of metrics that you're thinking about in terms of organic as its impact on margins?
Powell Brown: No.
Greg Peters: Fair enough. Thanks for your answers.
Andy Watts: All right. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Cox: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just with respect to Retail, you called out a couple of headwinds. I was wondering, specifically on group benefits if the toughest comp was created by a true-up of exposure expectations in the prior year quarter or more so by a deceleration in growth this quarter.
Andy Watts: No, Robert, maybe the way to think about it, is we had a few businesses last year that just had absolutely outsized performance in the fourth quarter. One of them was a newer business that was starting. So, it was in growth mode. So, that's what makes the year-over-year comparison in the fourth quarter difficult. But as Powell mentioned in his comments, we feel really good about how our businesses are positioned and how they performed for 2022, don't read more into that in the fourth quarter there's no reason to.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. And maybe just moving onto some of the Florida legislative changes. Any comments on what you think the impact of those might be for Brown & Brown in the near term and then perhaps longer term?
Powell Brown: So, Rob, first of all, we think that based upon everything we see they are positive for the operating environment for risk bearers and for insurance in the State of Florida. I'd like to point out that we anticipate that the trial bar will challenge those. So, I don't think those go in place easily. So, I don't know what that means relative to timing and adoption, relative to the marketplace what our governor and the State of Florida is trying to do fundamentally is create; one, viable; two, competitive; three, sustainable marketplace. And the State of Florida is not really want to be so-called in the insurance business. But with this disruption, they will have to be bigger in the insurance business for the next several years. So, I believe -- we believe that this is a multi-year transition to bring the Florida marketplace specifically personal lines in Florida back to that kind of environment. So, it will probably take three to five years to have some additional participation by the State of Florida, i.e., what they're proposing in this and it may need more going forward. But it is not the intent of the Governor to expand their participation, i.e., as being a state risk bearer. So, it's hard to tell because you got challenges ahead, you got other things. But what we really want and need in the State of Florida is relatively affordable homeowners' prices for all-sized homes. With the coverage A home of $200,000 versus one that's over $1 million, and everything in between. And so, there's a lot of disruption across those -- all those sizes.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thanks. And maybe just lastly could you quantify the annual growth bonus in National Programs and maybe specifically to programs, where you see contingents going in 2023?
Andy Watts: So, I think -- I think, Rob there's two pieces inside there. So, one of the things we talked about on the growth bonus that was about $7 million, and as of right now, we don't see that recurring into 2023. And again that is inside of the organic calculation, not in contingent commissions. And then, we didn't give guidance on contingents by the individual segments. My comment was just overall for the company that at least as of right now we see relatively flat in 2023, but again all depends upon loss experienced during the year and overall growth and profitability.
Robert Cox: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Weston Bloomer with UBS. Your line is now open.
Weston Bloomer: Thanks for taking my questions. First, one is just a follow-up on the employee benefits comment. Can you just remind us of the seasonality of that business? And do you expect there to be any material headwinds in the first quarter as well?
Andy Watts: Hi, good morning, Weston. Yes. The EB business does have some seasonality to it, and it's generally a little bit -- if you look across the quarters first, normally it's a little bit more weighted to Q1 and that's just because of the way in which revenue is recognized in that business. And then you normally see it, the fourth quarter is normally one of the lower that your kind of just naturally how that business participates. From at least the -- some of the headwinds and what we've talked about in the fourth quarter, some of those may carry over into Q1, but don't see any issues on a full-year basis similar to our comments about how we thought about the business for 2022.
Weston Bloomer: Got it. Thank you. And then kind of a similar type of question within professional lines. I know you highlighted the slowdown in D&O pricing. Is there any seasonality or how should we think about the impact of lower rates in that business both in retail and then in wholesale?
Powell Brown: So, the way I would just look at it is if you think about an environment which has had rate pressure up for the last several years, and in some cases dramatically more in the public markets, they're coming down substantially because it's a very competitive environment and one might speculate, Weston, that people that are reducing their catastrophic property exposure would want to write business elsewhere and where might they do it and they might say in casualty or professional lines. So, I think it's important to think of that as a headwind, slight, but a headwind on that segment of our businesses, because I think it will be down. And in some instances down a good bit.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you. And then last one, just on the margin I know you highlighted no material headwinds or tailwinds, and maybe you don't gain too granular here, but it is the March '22 M&A that came in at a higher overall margin. Is that business still running higher overall relative to kind of the core Brown & Brown?
Powell Brown: When you say the March, do you mean -- 
Weston Bloomer: Yes. The margin guidance that you gave -- 
Powell Brown: For the three -- combined. Yes. All the businesses are performing in line with our expectations. We talked a little bit about some of the seasonality during the earnings call last quarter, but no, they're all kind of right in line with what we expected.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, on the contingent commissions, Andy, I know you guys had those lender-placed contingents that you didn't -- you weren't sure that they would recur next year. Does that assume that they come back or what are you assuming for the lender-placed program?
Andy Watts: So, one of the items that we saw in the third -- during the fourth quarter, is we did recognize about $3 million or $4 million that we had anticipated we would not recognize in the fourth quarter. If you remember back to the call, we said we had backed out to the third quarter call. We had backed up $15 million year-to-date and said, we probably would -- therefore, not record in the fourth quarter. Development was not at the extent that we anticipated at that stage, which is that positive. And so we recognize those three to four, and then as we look to 2023, we would anticipate earnings some in '23, not back to kind of normal levels because there is some still carry-over in the calculation. But we've taken that into consideration when we have given guidance at a total level for the company, substantially flat.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then the interest income, right? I know in the past you guys had said maybe fiduciary income wouldn't be that big, but it sounds like you're seeing a little bit of a pickup there. Right? You guys said $14 million to $17 million, wouldn't that be accretive to your margins in '23?
Andy Watts: Yes. If you look at it by itself that would be a true statement it would be accretive to margins.
Elyse Greenspan: So, I guess theoretically, maybe the interest income is a tailwind. And that's getting offset by something else because it sounds like you're saying no headwinds, tailwinds, may be flat margins overall. But it does feel like that number in isolation would be a tailwind to the coming year.
Andy Watts: Yes. I think isolation, I think that's probably fair at least. But there's -- within our business, like most businesses, but at least we'll talk to ours specifically, there's always a lot of moving parts, and you've always got things kind of moving back and forth. And that was really why we're trying to give guidance about any major tailwinds or headwinds that are out there.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one, the employee benefit you guys said is concentrated in the first part of the year, but it does sound like what happened in the fourth quarter was maybe just -- and just a really tough comp with last year, so when we think about retail and I know you don't like to give guidance, but is there anything that stands out to start the year that would make the first part of '23 have tougher comps in the back part of the year.
Andy Watts: Nothing at a top-level until Weston's earlier question is, will there be potentially a little bit of headwind in the first quarter from what we saw in the fourth quarter a little bit, but we feel really good about our business and how it's positioned and the capabilities that we have served customers of all sizes in that business and feel like we will perform well during 2023.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Zaremski: Hi, good morning. Maybe focusing back on the dislocation in the parts of the property market. I'm just curious at a high level if your view has changed and whether this is -- whether the environment is kind of net benefit or to growth or margins or net neutral or maybe even that negative because there's a lot of moving parts clearly you came out and talk a little bit about commission pressures, but rates are moving materially higher, so just kind of curious if you see that all the moving parts net-net, as a wash potentially or if your view has changed.
Powell Brown: Yes. No. I would say, Michael, it's probably a net positive but slight net-net positive, and the reason I say a hedge with a slight is because of changes that we can't see in the market yet i.e., limits for -- limits being reduced by carriers or some potential for any commission pressures or anything of that nature, but -- and basically also clients just basically raising their hand and saying look uncalled. And I know that's tough, but it's true because we are the deliverer of bad news when it comes like this. So, it will be -- I think it will be slightly positive that is how I would want you to think about that.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe switching gears to inflationary impacts on the income statement of Brown. I think there was a comment made about some unknowns on inflation and T&E. When I think about the Brown's commission model I think of it kind of being somewhat more insulated from wage pressures due to the kind of how the front-line salespeople are paid. But maybe I'm wrong and maybe you can just kind of elaborate on what do you mean by kind of where the T&E and inflation are.
Powell Brown: So, let's talk about your comment around wage pressure. We're not immune to wage pressure and I think that's a very important thing. And one of the things that we find just like anybody else out there in our space is the war on talent is very competitive and people are looking for people not just salespeople, but there could be service people, or marketing people, or administrative people that administer claims or things like that. So, it's a very competitive marketplace. So I don't want you to think that we're immune to that because we are far from that. That's number one. Number two, when we say T&E pressure, it's not as though we think there's going to be so much -- that much more travel and entertainment. We think that the -- if you do the same, there's just significant pressure on, let's just say an airplane ticket or a hotel depending on where you're going. And so, that's where we're seeing that pressure. And so, our business is not unlike many of the other businesses that you know, or follow, or all of the above, it isn't an inflationary environment. The pressure here although it is high is not as high as it is in England,, and in Ireland that wage pressure seems to be higher there. But we're working through that as well. So, that's kind of what we mean by that, Michael.
Michael Zaremski: That's helpful. And just maybe sneak in one quick one. Any impact from the flooding in California to -- that the flood program that you administer, that could be material.
Powell Brown: No. We haven't seen anything interestingly enough in California. As you know, they don't get a lot of rain to begin with. And so, when they do get a lot of rain, they get significant flooding, and there are not a lot of people that buy flood insurance in the State of California. So, it's no. We don't see that.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning, everybody, and thanks for [all] my questions. I guess my first question and I think it may be tied back to a couple of other questions you have already received. As you think about the property CAT rate environment, where do you see maybe the -- which segments do you think would benefit most and which ones would you see maybe facing greater pressure from the various components you talked about kind of reduced commissions, maybe more difficult placing business.
Powell Brown: I want to make sure I understand that, Yaron, can you just repeat the question or elaborate a little bit? You're saying what do you think becomes more difficult, and then what becomes easier? Did I hear that correctly?
Yaron Kinar: I'm asking of the four segments that you have or I guess really three Retail National Programs and Wholesale which do you think would benefit more and which would maybe face greater pressure?
Powell Brown: Okay. So, first off, I would say the -- I look at it a little differently than benefit more or not. You didn't use this term or suffer more maybe the and things for that. Let's look at retail for a moment. Retail has the good fortune. We deal directly with the customer. So, you're going to have a lot of heavy lifting relative to delivering those particular increases and you may have, as I said, you might have commissioned reductions in some instances. But rates going to go up, and I'd say that it's mildly positive relative to organic growth in that business. In wholesale, it makes their jobs, property brokers significantly more difficult, and trying to fill out lines of business. So, if you had a $100 million line and it was handled by one or two markets, and then now that market, it took 80% of it is pulling back or cutting their participation you got to put six or seven markets in to get your $100 million. That said, there will continue to be pressure there as well. And I think that there is more -- the most conflict if you want to call it that in placements will be in retail and wholesale. In National Programs, it's a matter of capacity availability. So, as you know, there are a number of carriers out there who have allowed their capacity underwritten by a number of different type of MGAs and MGUs, and a number of those were not profitable, not just last year, but over many years before. And so, there is -- what we consider a flight to quality. And in the sense of our underwriting facilities, we're very pleased with the results that we've delivered prior to -- excuse me -- last year and including last year with the losses and Ian and Nicole. So, I'd say that in programs it's a different thing, their growth potential is limited by availability. It's not a conflict of, in the other two, there is the hand-to-hand combat of getting people to actually put limits up and do it in the underwriting facilities, we have that authority and we can do what we can do, but we're limited by the capacity. So if in fact, a market or markets decides to cut back on their capacity they give to us that will impact our ability to grow. And conversely, if they decide to change their commission level and that would impact our ability to grow. The one thing that I do want to mention, I think it's important for everybody to think about this. Things are never as good as they seem or as bad as they seem. And what I mean by that is, even though the CAT market is very challenged right now, there will be a time in the future where it improves. Now I'm not foreshadowing something, because we don't have a crystal ball. That doesn't mean 12 months from now, we're going to have X or Y or Z, that's not what I'm saying. But there are certain markets that are approaching it in a way that they are looking very opportunistically at it. And then there are other markets that are looking at it like a long-term partnership. Obviously, we would prefer the latter as opposed to the former. But we're out looking for capacity globally. So, I just want everybody to kind of know that this pressure too will pass at some point.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. That's helpful color. If I could switch gears to M&A for a second. So, I think you had said that the pipeline remains robust. That said, you are seeing M&A activity slowing. Is that just a function of a bid-ask spread that is too wide? Or are there other drivers there?
Powell Brown: No, no. I think when you say the M&A activity is slowing, remember, we're talking about the industry. So, as you know, private equity has been a very big participant, and the number of private equity announced transactions in Q4 was down substantially over the prior quarter, and or Q4 of the prior year. I think that there is an interesting sort of -- we're kind of at this unusual clash point if you want to call it that, which is the market with increased interest rates and buyers would like to see a slight decrease in multiples paid. And yes, there are businesses, some of which are owned by private equity that we'd like to monetize their businesses at what were historic levels or multiples in anticipation of other opportunities for them. Or maybe better said, maybe they think there'll be pressure on multiples going forward. So they want to get out at a higher multiple, if possible, then they might think of in a year from now. I'm just using that as an example. So, I think we're going to see a lot of activity in the next 12 months. The good part about our business is we're focused on the long-term and long term to us is not one year or three years, it's a very long-time. And so, we're looking for businesses that fit culturally make sense financially, and we believe there will be those businesses out there, but in the interim period, as Andy said, we're aggressively paying down our debt. We're investing in teammates and focusing on growing our business organically.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you, good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: Powell, you had talked a good amount about your quest for capacity. Did you find any restrictions? Have you seen any with the harder reinsurance markets, any cut-back on your programs and you're thinking about a flood or a quake for instance? Anything that is noteworthy could perhaps impact organic growth.
Powell Brown: Yes. So, thanks for the question. That is somewhat of a moving target, but at the present time, we think a good outcome is flat in terms of no reduction in capacity. We may have certain of entities or businesses where they would maybe be trading some capacity or debt -- net down on a net basis, just slightly, but right now, we think it's pretty neutral. And from our vantage point, we view that as a win. So, I'm not aware of something and you specifically asked about a flood or a quake, but that could involve our wind facilities as well. But the thing that we talked about last year, and we've talked about in prior years, but it's even more magnified this year. Our growth opportunities and National Programs will be directly -- not exclusively, but directly linked to the amount of new capacity that we're able to secure. And so, if in fact, we are not able to procure any new capacity that's going to be a slight limitation on the organic growth that does not mean that we can't grow organically, it just means that we will grow more organically if we are able to secure more capacity, which we're looking at globally.
Mark Hughes: Understood. And then on the captive. You mentioned some of the economics there, $30 million to $35 million in revenue, but you've got loss retention of $13 million per event. One would think you would need a pretty high margin on that revenue in order to feel good about generating a return over multiple years if you've got the kind of retention. Am I thinking about that properly?
Powell Brown: Well, I'm going to answer your question two-fold. Number one, I want you to think about what a captive is. There's really three parts to the captive. There is the loss, the retention amount that you retain on any one loss that's just losses. There's number two, which is the reinstatement premium, which means you put the program back in place for a subsequent event. And the third would be if you had any profit in that period of time in that captive prior to them being distributed. And so, what I would tell you is that we are very mindful of the way we invest our capital, and we are looking for returns that help us grow the business. So, what I would tell you is, if we did not think that those were reasonable long-term investments, we would not make them. And in the event that the economics turn against us, meaning cost, inputs, or things make them not viable then we just won't do them.
Andy Watts: Hi, Mark, just a question for you, if you can expand on -- when you said -- you talked about providing adequate returns, how do you -- walk us through how you mean that because I guess I think we're maybe not seeing it the same way you are, but if you seeing....
Mark Hughes: I think...
Andy Watts: We're retaining -- 
Mark Hughes: Yes. If you're generating $30 million in revenue. And so you have a 50% margin, and $15 million. But if your retention per event is just $13 million. And maybe a Hurricane hit Florida one out of three years then that influences the view of the economics. That was a -- just real simple math I was thinking about.
Andy Watts: Okay. So, that there -- and probably lies the opportunity to clarify on these some more. Here's the way we want everybody to trying to think about these, is what we're doing is we're participating in the underwriting profits on these captives. What do we do on contingent commissions, we participate in the underwriting profits. So, this is not where they're coming in and we're paying commissions and everything else on the business. So, I think that's part of just the piece that maybe you're thinking about it's a traditional call it operating profit, it's coming through as -- assume it's normal operating profit versus underwriting profit in there. So, we're very, very pleased with the performance this year and to Powell's point, we want to put our capital into these if we didn't think that we can get an appropriate return.
Powell Brown: And the $13 million, Mark, is up to -- that doesn't mean it would be $13 million. And so, there is a very important distinction, it can be less than that or substantially less than that.
Mark Hughes: I appreciate the clarity. Thank you.
Powell Brown: No. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Michael Ward with Citi. Your line is now open.
Michael Ward: Thank you, guys, good morning. One last one, maybe I was wondering if you could share any color on the profit commissions in programs and if any of that was related to maybe hurt Hurricane Ian true-ups.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Mike. Andy here. It's the -- wouldn't say anything that was related to Hurricane Ian true-ups, right? What we did at the end of the third quarter is we had backed off to $15 million as we've mentioned earlier, and we had also, at that point said based upon what we thought the losses were going to be, we would not record $3 million to $4 million in one of our programs that development did not come in at the anticipated level, which is, again, that's a positive thing. Therefore, we did go ahead and record that $3 million or $4 million in the fourth quarter. All over the other contingents that we recorded in the fourth quarter, that was all based upon the profitable growth that we delivered for our carrier partners, and just we do year-end calculations and sometimes -- you make it sometimes you don't -- that's where we see generally the most volatility in our National Programs, they just -- they move back in force.
Michael Ward: Super helpful. Thank you. Maybe one last quick one, just on the pressure and specialty. Is that -- I think you called out, auto -- lower auto and RV sales. Is there anything else there that we should be thinking about?
Powell Brown: No, I don't think so. I mean, remember, if you think out a little bit sort of speculate on that the outlook on that industry, I think probably inventory levels will probably lift a little in the third quarter and beyond in the year. Also in light of the economic environment that will probably be some more incentives, I don't know that, but incentives put-in-place to move units. So, if the inventory is there, and I use the most important thing, is we can't fully predict that. We think you're going to see some uptick in that, but slight.
Michael Ward: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Powell Brown: We'll take one more question, Norma, that would be great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Derek Han with KBW. Your line is now open.
Derek Han: Good morning, thank you. I just had a question on the Programs business. Andy, I think you previously talked about your expectation for the Program's organic growth to kind of moderate, but even excluding that $7 million that you called out organic growth was really strong and actually accelerated sequentially. So, can you just give us some more color on what kind of drove that outperformance relative to your internal expectations?
Andy Watts: Yes. So, one of the other items in there we talked about it was we said we delivered $25 million of revenue from the captives and about $5 million of that came through the Orchid acquisition. So, the remainder of that being on the organic side. We're going to see continued growth in '23, but not at that same level, Derek.
Derek Han: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then just one quick one. I know that the GRP and BdB integration is going well. Can you just give us some color on your European economic outlook and the anticipated impact on the organic growth for those businesses?
Powell Brown: Sure. So, remember GRP is England and Ireland, both Republic of Ireland and we have businesses already in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. And BdB, we do business in -- excuse me, Italy, meaning we are the largest producer of Italian business into Lloyd's. That's over 50% of that business and then we do business in France and in Belgium. And we also do business obviously in England into the London marketplace. So, what I would tell you is that in England it's not dissimilar to hear, which you see a lot of pressure on wages and cost of living, i.e., fuel oil and things like that. And so but from a comp -- from a customer standpoint, we have not yet seen a significant down draft on their buying habits. So, what I would tell you is, we think that the economy seems to be moving along in a fine way there as it relates to our exposure although it would be -- it's much smaller in Western Europe, we're not seeing any other unusual trends either remember Lloyd's is a big market globally. I think about 50% of their premium writings are in the United States. But the other 50 are worldwide. And so, we are continuing to have nice growth inside of our business -- our Lloyd's brokers, which we have now three. And so, we're very pleased that decades-long Meyer and BBB.
Derek Han: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions, I'd like to hand the conference back to Mr Powell for any closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Norma. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time and energy. We thought last year was a really good year and we're excited about the future. I think my final comment would be this. As it relates to trends we don't think that trend is one quarter and we don't measure the outcomes of business over a quarter. We look at years and multiple years and so as it relates to each of our three largest segments, we feel good about going into next year. There are some limitations, i.e. because of market constraints and economic constraints, but we're going to work our way through those. So we look forward to talking to you next quarter. And have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded, and for the duration of the call, your lines will be on listen-only. However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions at the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities law. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's report filed with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of this and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Laura. Before we begin, I wanted to say we apologize for any mix up. There was a transition from one calling or coordinating company to another, I think, is how I would describe that, and we were just made aware of that about 15 minutes ago. So we apologize for any inconvenience. So good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. Before we get into our results, I wanted to make a few comments regarding Hurricane Ian. First, our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Florida and South Carolina that have been impacted by this massive storm. We have a number of teammates and their family members that suffered wind and flood damage to their homes. Thankfully, none of them were hurt. All the people in Florida and South Carolina were -- that were impacted are in a recovery phase and will need a lot of help during the rebuilding process. So we encourage everyone to support in any way you find appropriate. I'm extremely proud of how our team prepared for the storm by enacting our catastrophic events plan across our offices. So we were ready no matter where the storm hit. This enabled us to respond quickly and support our customers, as well as others in the impacted communities. Florida will recover and rebuild as it has after other storms. It's just going to be a long road. Regarding our financial performance, we had another good quarter and delivered strong total and organic revenue growth for most of our businesses. Additionally, our margins and bottom line results include estimated losses in our two captive facilities, as well as reduced contingent commissions in certain programs, both as a direct result of Hurricane Ian. We'll talk more about our quarterly results and the impact of the storm a bit later. We continue to anticipate good and profitable growth through the remainder of 2022. During the quarter, we completed the acquisitions of GRP in July and BdB in August. Both businesses have performed well and are in line with our expectations for their first few months. We're very pleased with the strong cultural alignment, the quality of the team, their strong operating results and the prospects for the future. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide number 4. We delivered $928 million of revenue, growing 20.4% [Technical Difficulty] in total and 6.7% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was 31.2% for the quarter. Our net income per share was $0.57, and our adjusted net income per share was $0.50. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail as we have a number of items impacting the results for the quarter. We also completed 11 acquisitions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $340 million. I'm on Slide 5. Let's talk about the potential impacts of Hurricane Ian. Based on what we're seeing with current claims, there's a lot of damage from wind, but the great majority appears to be flood related. As a result, we're going to see material claims in our right flood business. We're estimating somewhere in the range of 11,000 to 12,000 claims and anticipate this will drive about $11 million to $14 million of revenue. However, it's still too early to fully assess the total number of claims and the severity of each claim. Regarding 1/1 reinsurance treaties, they will be under significant pricing pressure. This will drive commercial and residential CAT exposed property rates up and will lead to increases in wind deductibles. This will present further financial challenges for businesses and consumers after four years of significant premium increases and the reductions in capacity. We're well positioned to help our customers navigate these challenging times. During the quarter, we continue to see businesses in industries such as construction, manufacturing and healthcare expand even with continued downward moderation in GDP to more traditional levels. Inflation and rising interest rates are the key areas of concern. Some business owners are becoming more cautious about the level of investment they're making or the number of employees that are seeking to hire. Most employers are still trying to find workers, but some are reducing their hiring needs as revenue growth is slowing or the outlook is not as robust as it was six months to 12 months ago. The carrier landscape remained relatively consistent with previous quarters with rate increases being fairly similar. The main themes were availability of capacity or appetite for certain classes of coverage and enhanced underwriting rigor. Customers continue to modify their deductibles and limits to best manage premium increases. It does appear the market is getting to a level where customers cannot reduce their limits much more for certain lines like excess liability without either substantially dropping coverage or bearing the higher premiums. Admitted market rate increases were similar to prior quarters. We're up 3% to 7% across most lines with the outlier being workers' compensation, which remained down 1% to 3%. From an employee benefits perspective, rates were up 7% to 10%. From an E&S perspective, premium rate increases -- premium rates increased in the range of 10% to 20%. CAT win rates were up 15% to 35%, obviously, that's pre-storm, while earthquake rates were up 7% to 10%. The impact of Hurricane Ian losses will put additional upward pressure on property rates in the fourth quarter. Rate increases for the first half of 2023 will then be influenced by the outcome of 1/1 reinsurance treaties. Early indications would suggest material upward pricing on CAT property. The placement of professional liability and excess liability for many accounts remains challenging and were up 5% to 10%. However, public company D&O rates were down 5% to 20%. Regarding cyber, the story is substantially the same as with the last three or four or five quarters, with rates and deductibles continuing to increase in carriers requiring effective security protocols. Personal lines for property in California, Florida and Louisiana continue to be challenging due to losses in aggregate concentrations. During the third quarter, we started to see increased underwriting rigor and reductions in capacity for Texas property. We expect carrier appetite in these markets will remain constrained. As a result, some additional accounts will move into state plans. Each state program will be under significant pressure due to the influx of policies and losses. On the acquisition front, the volume of deals in the third quarter slowed for the entire industry. However, we acquired 11 businesses with approximately $340 million in annual revenue, which is the largest acquired revenue quarter in our history. The slowdown for the rest of the industry was mainly driven by private equity reducing their activity as the increased cost of debt and the potential for the economic slowdown appears to be driving them to be more selective. However, if a business is considered to be a platform, private equity is still very aggressive on pricing. I'm now on Slide 6. Let's transition and discuss the performance of our four segments. Our Retail segment delivered organic growth of 5.1% as a result of good new business, solid retention rate increases and modest exposure unit expansion, but was partially offset by downward pressure within specialty lines. We delivered strong organic growth in our employee benefits business, solid growth in our commercial business, and we had some headwinds in our dealer services business due to the slowdown in auto and RV sales. National Programs had another very strong quarter with organic growth of 14.5%. This growth was driven by an increase in lender placed coverage as well as strong new business, good retention exposure unit expansion across many of the other programs. The Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered organic growth of 4.5% led by another quarter of strong growth in our open brokerage business. This organic growth was driven by solid new business and rate increases, but was partially offset by continued headwinds within personal lines. In addition, we had a specialty business that negatively affected our organic growth by about 200 basis points, which we sold on October 1. The organic revenue of our Services segment declined 4.6%, with the main driver being the higher prior year weather related claims. Now with that, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Thanks, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide number 7. Like previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results and then certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the third quarter, we delivered 20.4% total revenue growth and organic revenue growth of 6.7%. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 460 basis points, primarily driven by estimated losses from Hurricane Ian that resulted in adjustments to our accrued contingent commissions and estimated losses within our captive programs, as well as higher year-over-year variable and healthcare costs and one-time integration costs. For the quarter, salaries and related and other operating expenses were impacted by the changes in the liabilities and assets associated with our deferred compensation plan. As we mentioned before, when the market changes year-over-year, we realized offsetting movements within these expenses. As a percentage of revenue, the year-over-year benefit to salaries and related was approximately 60 basis points and there was a corresponding offset in other operating expenses. Our net income grew 10% or $14.7 million due to approximately $27 million of adjustments we recorded for earn-out liabilities and our diluted net income per share increased by 9.6% to $0.57. The effective tax rate increased to 26.1% for the third quarter of this year as compared to 25.5% in the third quarter of last year. Our weighted average number of shares was substantially flat compared to the prior year, and our dividends per share for the quarter increased to $10.3 or 10.8% compared to the third quarter of 2021. We're on Slide number 8. This slide presents our results on an adjusted basis, which excludes the impacts of movements in foreign currencies on both revenues and expenses, the net gain or loss on disposals, the one-time acquisition and integration costs associated with GRP, Orchid and BdB and the changes in earn-out payables. Please refer to Slides 15 and 16 for a reconciliation of these amounts to our most comparable GAAP measures. On an adjusted basis, income before income taxes decreased 11.8%, while EBITDAC increased by 5.8% and adjusted EBITDAC margin declined by 440 basis points from the prior year, which was impacted by the previously mentioned drivers. The incremental decline in adjusted income before income taxes as compared to adjusted EBITDAC was driven by higher year-over-year quarterly interest cost of $25 million and higher amortization of $14 million with both largely driven by the GRP, Orchid and BdB acquisitions. Net income for the quarter decreased by 12.5% and adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.50. We're on Slide number 9. Our Retail segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 25.1%, driven by acquisition activity over the last 12 months and organic revenue growth of 5.1%. Adjusted EBITDAC grew 12.7%, with EBITDAC margin decreasing by 310 basis points for the quarter substantially due to higher variable operating expenses, the seasonality of profit associated with the recent acquisitions, timing of incentive compensation and certain one-time cost. We view the margin decline for the third quarter to be isolated and are expecting good profitable growth for the fourth quarter and full year. We're on Slide number 10. Our National Program segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 21.2% and organic revenue growth of 14.5%. For the quarter, contingent commissions were negatively impacted by approximately $15 million due to the estimated insured losses associated with Hurricane Ian. We will also reduce our accrual for contingent commissions for the fourth quarter by approximately $4 million for the same reason. Depending on the severity of claims, it may impact our ability to earn contingent commissions for certain of our programs in 2023. Powell mentioned earlier that we expect to realize $11 million to $14 million of revenues for flood claims processing associated with Hurricane Ian. This is based on what we know at this stage regarding the number of claims and estimated severity. As we know more during the fourth quarter, our estimates may need to be refined. We're expecting to recognize about 60% to 65% of the revenues in the fourth quarter of this year with the remainder in the first half of 2023. Adjusted EBITDAC grew by 1.1% over the prior year and our adjusted margin decreased 740 basis points to 36.8%. The decline was due to the decrease in contingent commissions and estimated losses of approximately $11.5 million in our captive facilities. These items were both driven by Hurricane Ian. In order to provide additional capacity to incrementally grow our CAP programs, we started our first captive facility in January and then acquired another in connection with Orchid. On an annual basis, the losses on these captives are limited, and we are projecting good organic growth in margin. To date, both captives are performing in line with our expectations. On Slide number 11. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 12.3%, driven by recent acquisitions and organic revenue growth of 4.5%. Adjusted EBITDAC increased by 8.1% with the associated margin declining by 140 basis points, which is impacted primarily by higher broker commissions related to increased performance for our open brokerage business, increased higher variable operating expenses and the seasonality of recent acquisitions. We're on Slide number 12. Adjusted total revenue on our Services segment decreased 5.9% and organic revenue declined by 4.6% due to lower claims from weather-related events. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDAC decreased approximately $2.5 million or 25.5% due to lower revenues. Few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion. For the first-nine months of 2022, we delivered cash flow from operations of $600 million. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was 22.4% for the first-nine months of this year as compared to 27.1% in the first-nine months of last year. This lower ratio was due to the payment of earn-outs as certain acquisitions have overperformed our original expectations, incremental interest expense and paying higher incentive bonuses to our teammates for their outstanding performance in 2021. Overall, we are in a strong cash generation and capital position, finishing the quarter with $580 million of available cash. During the third quarter, we repaid $100 million on a revolving line of credit and plan to continue to delever over the coming quarters as we've done in the past post larger acquisitions. As a result of increasing interest rates, we are projecting interest expense for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $44 million to $46 million. Lastly, we still expect our full year adjusted EBITDAC margin to be down slightly to up slightly as compared to 2021. This would represent a very strong performance for the year given the increase in variable costs as compared to 2021, and the impact of Hurricane Ian on our captives and contingent commissions. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a great report. Overall, it was a good quarter even with a number of moving parts relating to Hurricane Ian. We're very pleased with how our team is performing and have good momentum as we continue to win more new business and retain our existing customers. Regarding Hurricane Ian, there's still a number of unknowns that will play out over the coming months. The first will be the ultimate losses incurred by carriers and how these will impact the reinsurance programs. Second, there's uncertainty around how state plans will react. Based on the severity of losses, it will influence the 1/1 reinsurance treaties and pricing for all CAT exposed property. Capacity for commercial and residential property is going to become even more constrained driving rates and deductibles even higher. For all other rates, we're expecting increases to be relatively consistent for the next couple of quarters. From an economic standpoint, we expect the Fed will continue to increase interest rates in order to cool the economy and reduce inflation. We will see how this plays out and what the ultimate impact on economic growth will be. We are well positioned to help our customers manage their risks and cost of insurance as a result of our broad capabilities. We wanted to reiterate how pleased we are with our international expansion. Our MGA in Canada is performing very well. Our retail business in Ireland is firing on all cylinders, and our recently completed acquisitions of BdB and GRP are well positioned for future growth. While still in the early days for GRP and BdB, we feel very good about this cultural alignment and along with their leadership teams and how we are all working together. While acquisitions this quarter were down in the industry, we do not see an overall long-term decline in brokerage M&A even with the prospects of an economic slowdown. However, with increasing interest rates, we may see private equity sponsors adjust the multiples they're willing to pay. As usual, we're well positioned with a good pipeline and are talking with lots of companies. We will maintain our disciplined approach as it's worked well for many decades. In closing, we feel good regarding how well our team is positioned and executing. We're attracting and developing talent and are investing in our capabilities for good long-term profitable growth. Based on our momentum over the first-nine months, we anticipate delivering a good fourth quarter and strong top and bottom line results for 2022. With that, let me turn it back over to Laura for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning. You talked a little bit about this in your opening remarks. I guess the extent that your clients are kind of buying less, it seems like that's more of an issue today than it was before. And I guess, I want to hear your thoughts on that and how widespread is that cost cutting throughout all your clients. And are they buying less now than what you thought last quarter and what do you think about that going forward?
Powell Brown: Okay. Thanks, Michael. So let's talk about -- remember, if you think about some of this could be in CAT prone areas versus all other. So let's make sure we're clear on that in terms of a property or might casualty could be affected similarly in these areas as well. But if what we're trying -- what we're seeing is if your umbrella, as an example, went up to a very, very high level in the last quarter or two or three, meaning the premium went up substantially, then what they may have done is by a smaller limit of liability. So if they bought a $25 million umbrella before, they might have bought a $15 million or $10 million. That same lower limit might cost the same amount as they paid last year. Okay, that's the first thing. The second thing is -- and we haven't gotten there yet, but we're proposing or speculating that there are going to be places, particularly in the near term, near term defined as three, six, nine months where property rates will go up substantially due to the storm impact. And so as you may know, the governor in the state of Florida has called a special session in early December to talk about the property environment among other things, and how companies can, one, get off policies here if they can, or they may be given more direction on pricing and terms and conditions. But as you know, in the non-admitted market, it's freedom of rate and form. And so a lot of things in Tier 1 counties are in that category. So it's a little bit more of we're in a wait and see. We want you to be aware of it. We have seen it already on casualty. We think that it could also play out in property. There are also potentially scenarios in the property market where they will not be able to buy the entire limit. And we haven't gotten that yet, but I mean we're seeing indications of that where a market that provided a full tower, the entire total TIV we'll now say that we only want to provide $10 million or $25 million. And so that means the rest of the market either has to come in and support it or they may not decide to support it, and they may have to buy something less than the total limit. So it's early days, Michael, on that.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Yeah. It make sense. Thank you for those details. Second question separately is the National Program, the contingent commission hit there, I mean, that obviously makes sense with Ian. What's the -- I guess, how do you think about the risk of that continuing at the same level in 4Q?
Andy Watts: Hey. Good morning, Mike. It's Andy here. When you say going forward the same rate...
Michael Phillips: You'll see as much headwind in contingent that you saw in third quarter. Could that still be in the fourth quarter?
Andy Watts: Yeah. So let me clarify a couple of things just to -- on this one. So one of the -- in our prepared comments, we said that we're anticipating, we're going to reduce our estimated accrual in the fourth quarter by about $4 million for contingent commissions. And then the $15 million that we have adjusted in the third quarter. Keep in mind, that's for the nine months, that's the year-to-date impact. So somewhere in the range of about $12 million or so was for kind of the first-six months of the year.
Michael Phillips: Yeah. Okay.
Andy Watts: Yeah.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you, Andy.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move on to our next question from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. The first question, I'd like to focus on just on the revenue side, and there's a lot of moving parts in your comments. And just trying to understand where we are in the balance between rate and exposure. I feel like that's changing and its impact on organic. And then, I know you just commented about profit -- the contingent commission for the fourth quarter, but you also previewed in your comments, Andy, that there could be some risk to fiscal year '23. And I was wondering if you could give us some more color on that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So why don't I start with rates and exposures. Greg, as you know, we've historically said that our business is kind of a reflection of the middle and upper middle market economy. And historically, it's been two-thirds exposure units, one-third rate. That's a very kind of good model. And what I would say to you is, I'm not going to say that it's vastly different than that now with certain exceptions. When you get into offices that write a lot of CAT prone property, that could be in Texas, that could be in Louisiana, that could be in Florida, that could be up the coast in the Carolinas, those offices particularly and there's some seasonality in terms of the amount of property that are written in certain quarters, as you know, you don't have a lot of property written in wind season. They try to move it out of it. But you could have a bigger impact of rate in those offices. But you could compare Fort Lauderdale, Florida with Nashville, Tennessee, and Nashville, Tennessee would be the opposite direction. So it would be less than a third in rate. So there's a little bit of a balance. So again, I can't tell you exactly the amount, Greg, but it's a little more than a third now, but it's not as much as you might think.
Greg Peters: You mean a little more than a third rate at the moment versus the closure (ph)
Powell Brown: Yes. That's correct. So rate, I don't think is -- what I'm trying to say ism I don't think rate is half, but I'm saying in certain offices, it could be half.
Greg Peters: Got it. You were going to comment on the contingents?
Andy Watts: Yeah. So on the contingents, we made this comment earlier. I think one of the items that we don't know right now is depending upon the severity of and the total losses on some of the programs that we have. They've got -- they have a carryover calculation inside of them. That may, as a result, lock us out of earning contingents in '23. We don't know yet. I just want to get that out on everybody's radar. We'll know more over the kind of the next quarter, potentially into the next two quarters once they do calculations, we let some of the dust settle on this thing. But at least have an idea as to what the impact was for '22. So if it all got knocked out for '23, it would be in a similar range.
Powell Brown: Greg, I want to point out one thing that I know you've already thought about and everybody else on the call, but there are some very large numbers that are being tossed around in terms of total loss. And I know that you know there's a difference between the total loss and the total insured loss. And so one of the things that we're seeing in the impacted areas is we're seeing a number of homes, as an example, that are damaged by flood where they weren't technically in a flood zone and many of those people don't have flood insurance. So I just mentioned that because when Andy and I are saying we aren't clear on the impact, I don't think anyone is clear on the impact because of what losses are actually insured losses yet. So we're in that process.
Greg Peters: Got it. And there's a lot of information coming out of Tallahassee. So I totally get it's a fluid situation. Can I pivot to the margin for my second question? Because I was trying to go through -- and I recognize your guidance for the full year, Andy, but I was trying to reconcile the -- some of the items that you called out in your press release, and I'm still coming up short on a year-over-year basis. Maybe you can help us -- some of the items are pretty clear. Maybe you can help us quantify some of the items that are less clear as to the headwinds in the margin in the third quarter.
Andy Watts: Well, let's see if we can go through a few of those. We didn't break all these down in granular detail for it, Greg. But I know we talked about seasonality in some of our recent acquisitions. And as we mentioned in previous calls, we'd anticipated the revenues and profit would be relatively even across all the quarters, but again, didn't know exactly how that will fall. We still feel really good on a full year basis for all the acquisitions. They're going to have little bit of movement, so that had some impact during the quarter. So again, we took that into consideration when making our comment about the full year and the fourth quarter. We did have some timing just on when some expenses got recorded during the year. And those can always just kind of move around by quarters based upon performance and when people are hitting individual tiers inside of there. Again, it doesn't really change the full year perspective, but it would be around the quarters for us. And then we just had a number of kind of miscellaneous one-time items out there. Again, we normally don't break one-time items out unless they're really big in nature. But when we kind of look at those we felt good with the underlying performance on the business for the quarter and what it looks like for the fourth quarter and for the full year.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Powell Brown: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on to our next question from Robert Cox of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Cox: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. So Florida property pricing increases will be a benefit in Florida in the coming quarters or years, but there are some associated headwinds with the reduced capacity and business going to state funds. So I'm wondering if there's a scenario where Florida growth actually becomes a headwind at some point. And if that's a possibility of what you think the probability of that scenario happening is.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Robert, I think that the probability is low, but it is a possibility. So you're tapping on something that is possible. What I would tell you is in 2007, our then Governor, Charlie Crist, who is running for reelection right now against currently Ron DeSantis, our existing or sitting Governor, he took the market of last resort in Florida, the Citizens Property Insurance Company and made it the most competitive market in the state of Florida. That, in turn, had a -- it was a headwind for us in 2007. That said, there are more policies in Citizens today. Citizens is backstopping some of the Florida takeout companies today. We don't know what the loss picture of Citizens is today in terms of surplus that will be exposed. And so the answer is, is it possible? Yes. I think it's a low probability. What -- knowing that you don't live -- I don't think you live here in Florida, but there's a unique dynamic going on in Florida right now, which is we have a gubernatorial election that will happen on the 8th of November. You have a president -- a governor who has aspirations beyond the state of Florida. And he is going to try to continue to manage the property market for the benefit of the customers in Florida in a difficult scenario. So there will be lots to watch in probably the coming short weeks and months. But we're not -- like I said, I think it's a low probability. The other thing that I want to make sure that everybody knows is in 2007, the percentage of Florida business overall for Brown & Brown was substantially higher than it is today. We've talked a lot about being a very diversified now more international company. 12% of our revenues going forward will be international. And I would say around 15% of our business is in Florida. And so -- and not all of that is property. So I want to make sure that the impact then was different than the impact today. Also, not only are we more diversified, but our capabilities are much more enhanced today than they were 15 years ago. So our ability to work with complex property schedules and bring even more effective solutions to our customers and our prospects, I think that we're very well positioned. So thanks for the question.
Robert Cox: Thats very helpful. Thank you. And then just on group benefits, the 7% to 10% increases in pricing is higher than I would have expected. Can you just talk about what's driving that and if the commission structure there is similar in terms of weighting to revenues as P&C brokerage?
Powell Brown: Yes, so let's start with saying that I think if you're going to make a broad statement, you -- we are seeing increased medical claims post-COVID in all sizes of accounts. It could be a group of 12 people, it could be a group of 120 people or it could be a 12,000 life group. You're seeing more -- so there were delayed medical services that are being -- there's like a catch-up. That's the first thing. The second thing is, no, it's not as easy as, let's say, P&C. So remember, in small group, let's call it, broadly defined as under 100 lives on an insured plan that's fully insured, those are many times paid on a per employee per month. So if you add another employee, you would get new -- you would get additional commission. But the increase in the price of the overall plan does not impact our revenue growth. That's number one. Number two, there are lower commissions because the premiums are higher as a percentage on fully insured and in some instances, a self-insured business, from 100 lives and up. And then there are certain segments of our business where it's a fee-based above in the really large accounts. Typically, it's a fee-based for services rendered. So that's how I would see it. And the health plans that we see, which we see a lot of them all around the country, there's regional nuances about how people consume health care. They think about health care, they think about the plans they want in health care and so all of that drives expense.
Andy Watts: Yeah, Rob. Keep in mind when we make the comment and they're also that includes pharmacy cost and pharmacy costs are probably not in all cases, but in many cases. They're actually outpacing health care costs today because of specialty drugs that are in there. So it would not be uncommon to see pharmacy costs running in the double-digits on increases year-over-year. So you have to kind of take that into consideration when looking at the overall structure of the plan and the pricing of the plans.
Robert Cox: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll now move on to our next question from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to go back to the margin discussion. I know you reaffirmed the guidance, right, for the year, which implies that the good side, right, potential flat to some margin improvement which seems to imply that things should go pretty well in the fourth quarter. So is that just some of the seasonality that went against you in the third quarter, reversing itself in the fourth quarter with some of the deals, et cetera.? Can you just help us think through what should help your margin in the fourth quarter relative to the full year guide?
Andy Watts: Yeah. Good morning, Elyse. Yeah. It would a few of those items inside there. So part of it would be the seasonality of the business on some of the recent acquisitions. There's also just a seasonality of the amount of property that we place in the fourth quarter. So you saw that coming through in retail. And Powell mentioned that earlier, just significantly less in the third quarter, which would make sense with hurricane season that's out there. And then we just have kind of normal timing of expenses throughout the year, some of them we had in the fourth quarter last year, some of them this year. So when we put all that together, we feel really good about the outlook for the fourth quarter on the organic and profitability. That's where it got us back to reaffirming the guidance.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of your captive since you guys took a loss there this quarter. Can you just provide some more color on the -- is there underwriting risk that you guys are taking there, the retention? And then do we assume premiums go through your organic and revenues from the captive?
Powell Brown: Yeah. So let me try to hit those multiple questions there. So we have a very limited exposure in terms of our captive risk. And that amount, we have pretty much exhausted in this and the losses, isn't that right, Andy?
Andy Watts: It is. So see if we can -- the way you want to think about those leases, it's difficult to look at them on a quarterly basis. Because what we're doing is -- and you're right, we are participating in the underwriting risk to an extent. It's very limited in nature, and it does help us drive organic growth across our wind and property programs. So when there are events, you're going to see kind of the ups and downs in the business. So it could be if we had a quake in Q1, we record losses and nothing else during the year, then we would have higher margins in the business. So we try -- we need to look at those or we look at those on a 12-month basis and feel really good with the programs and the growth coming off of them, as well as projected profit. But we're not in a situation where we're actually losing money. So I just want to clarify. We're not losing money. It's just -- we recorded losses in the quarter for the captives, but they're right in line with what we expected.
Powell Brown: And the other thing that you said, Elyse, about organic growth, any additional capacity that we get can translate into organic growth in our programs. So whether that's our captive provided capacity or additional capacity from a risk bearer, either one of those translates into organic growth for the program and the -- and it would be reflected in National Programs.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And one last -- sorry, go ahead, Andy.
Andy Watts: Yeah. I was just going to say, Elyse, when you look at the program's growth for this year that is part of what's giving us the incremental organic growth. We would not expect to get as much incremental growth off of the captives next year just because it's a first year start-up and then we get into next year, we'll have a little bit of additional premium and probably some rate inside of there. So that will moderate some of the growth in National Programs going into next year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then one last one, I know you guys have provided updates on the revenue that you expect from those large deals. I didn't see any disclosure this quarter. Does that mean it's in line with what you guys had told us with second quarter earnings?
Andy Watts: Yeah. It's down a little bit because of where FX has moved. So from the previous numbers that we had talked about and again, the FX rates are moving around quite a bit, they are down I think, about 8% from where we were before. We'll see what it plays out in the fourth quarter for us, and they may go back up into that range. So one of that -- I guess, a little bit of the challenge is why we're trying to break these out, because we haven't made a lap all the way around. It's hard to call out what the actual FX year-on-year is because there is no year-on-year FX right now. It's just based upon what we estimated. So if you want to use some 8%, that probably seem fair for right now. More likely it's going to move in the fourth quarter, and we'll try to give color on that at the end of the quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Hello, Laura?
Andy Watts: Laura, do we have the next person up?
Powell Brown: Hello, Laura?
Andy Watts: Well, we may take a pause for just a moment.
Powell Brown: Okay. We cant hear her. Can we go ahead and put the next person into the queue for questions, please.
Andy Watts: Hello. We cant hear anyone here.
Michael Zaremski: Hey. Its Mike Zaremski. Can you hear me.
Andy Watts: Hey, Mike. How are you doing?
Powell Brown: All right. We got you Mike.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. I just [indiscernible] Thanks for taking the question. Quick follow-up on the contingent discussion and appreciating that its early days in terms of sizing up ultimate insured losses. But is there, I don't know, a number out there like insured losses that you guys are using, $30 billion or $50 billion? Something we can kind of think about in terms of sizing up where the contingents discussion could go in future quarters.
Powell Brown: Sorry, Mike, we don't. It's too hard to estimate. What we're just trying to do is we're trying to be very mindful of the insured losses that are impacting one, our customers, and two, as we hear of other large losses, how that may play into the mix in the market. But no, we don't have an estimate there.
Andy Watts: Yeah. And Mike, just keep in mind, when we do these many of the programs there or relationship with one carrier or maybe a couple of carriers. So it's not like these are spread across 50 carriers, so you could take a broad-based industry approach. This is very focused. That's why so we just need to see how this plays out over the next 90 days to 180 days and then we'll have a much better view. It's just -- it's so hard to tell right now.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. I thought I would try and then make sense. And the revenues that you expect to come in from right flood, should we just look at kind of how it hit the bottom line in terms of kind of margin in prior catastrophes or is there any nuances we should be thinking about due to this catastrophe to the Ian?
Andy Watts: Yeah. It's probably at least a reasonable start. More than likely, you want to probably put some sort of an adjustment for inflation in there just because of what the cost of field adjusters are today versus what they were a couple of years ago. So probably want to haircut that a little bit.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And I guess just stepping back, -- sorry go ahead if you
Andy Watts: No. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael Zaremski: I guess just stepping back, I feel like the captive, I guess, the impact this quarter caught some folks by surprise. Just want to maybe learn a little bit more about it. Is this an impact we should be thinking about kind of on a forward basis, whenever there's a large catastrophe? And is this kind of nationwide E&S? I know you mentioned earthquake or is it kind of more Florida? Any geographic kind of color or anything you could provide to so we can think about this in the future?
Powell Brown: Sure, Mike. The way I want you to think about it is this, it is, first of all, limited to two of our national programs currently. Those are a wind facility that writes countrywide and an earthquake facility, which is predominantly in earthquake areas, which is really California and the West Coast predominantly. And having said that, we have an enormous amount of data on those two programs. And so the answer to your question is, yes, national, currently restricted to two facilities, quake and wind. We have a lot of data on them and feel really good about the participation and how they are operating. And as Andy said, in light of the losses that we've called out in this quarter, we still don't believe that we will lose money on our captives this year. So again, it's a very limited amount of risk that we're taking, and it has helped us build additional capacity to grow and support those two programs, which has performed really well.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Yeah, Mike, because of the potential volatility by quarter, that's why we want to call out the $11.5 million. Let's just -- if you play forward a scenario, let's say there's no weather-related events in the third quarter of next year, then you're going to see the profitability margin jump up from what we saw this year. Same thing could happen in Q1, if there's a quake. So that's why we thought it's helpful to break it out by the quarter. So you'll have an idea kind of from a quality standpoint on how to adjust those. We figured that there's going to be some sort of events throughout a year. So that's why we say it's working almost exactly the way that it's modeled. We did a tremendous amount of work on this one.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Mike. We can't hear you, Laura. Can you just put the next question in?
Andy Watts: Yeah.
Powell Brown: Hey, Weston. Are you on the line, sir?
Weston Bloomer: Hey. Yes. Can you hear me?
Andy Watts: Yeah. And go ahead.
Powell Brown: Go ahead, Weston.
Weston Bloomer: Great. So my first question is a follow-up to leases just on the growth that you're seeing from your lease and large M&A. I know you said most of that deceleration was FX. I just wanted to confirm if there's any also slowdown maybe in exposure just given the recessionary environment that we're seeing in the UK and Eurozone. Just wondering if you could also just expand on the growth that you're seeing in that market, given the recessionary headwinds.
Powell Brown: Yeah. So again, as you know, we don't track the -- we don't disclose organic growth in the first year of an acquisition. However, it is performing in line with what we anticipated, number one. I would be remiss, if I didn't say that they've got 10% inflation in the UK. So we're very mindful of that and how that's impacting salaries and related for insureds or even our teammates and related. But as you know, they have had a lot of excitement in the last 6 weeks to 8 weeks there relative to the Prime Minister, and now they have a new Prime Minister. So there's a lot of speculation on what will be done to help curb the impact on small and medium-sized businesses. in the UK, and we're waiting to hear what the new Prime Minister will obviously say about that. But yes, we're starting to see an impact, but the growth and the performance of the business is in line with what we've thought.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on the growth that you saw in retail in the quarter. I know you called out some headwinds with dealer services in auto, but did decelerate somewhat meaningfully just year-over-year. Is there anyways that we can think about growth in the 4Q? Was there any seasonality to the business that we should be thinking about or anything else one-off for the fourth quarter?
Andy Watts: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, Weston. Andy here. Maybe give a -- maybe just a little bit of perspective on the organic growth by the quarter. So if we look back to last year, on retail, we were 9.8, 17.6, 8.3 and then a 9.5. So it does move around between the quarters. And some of that is the seasonality in the business. Looking at it year-over-year, at least from the quarter is that's probably more impacted by the dealer services versus the consecutive quarter, Q3 versus Q2. That was much more the seasonality of the property.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thanks for the color.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We will move on to our next question from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Meyer Shields: Two quick questions. Hi. I think, Powell, you mentioned a 2-point negative impact in wholesale or 2-point negative organic growth impact in wholesale from a business that was sold. Is it because of the sale, or is it just that this business was an offset to organic growth?
Powell Brown: Yeah. It was -- let me restate it the way I would state it. In light of that not being part of our results, we would have grown 6.5% in Q3. Does that answer your question?
Meyer Shields: Yes. Okay. No. Thats helpful. When during the year, do you actually obtain the reinsurance capacity for the captive. I'm asking because there's a lot of commentary about some attachment points not being available in 2023, I was hoping to get your thoughts on that.
Powell Brown: Okay. So remember, we do not own a reinsurance brokerage operation, okay? So there might be some other firms that you follow that have reinsurance brokers. But I'd like to kind of give sort of a 101 on the process. So there is reinsurance for reinsurers. That's called retrocessional, the retro market. And there is a lot of speculation that there's 20 billion plus of shortfall in the retrocessional market for reinsurers. That's the first part. Then reinsurance is sold typically through reinsurance brokers to primary carriers, and the reinsurance carriers are currently saying, as you probably already know, that they're looking to -- their rates may go up to 50% and their attachments or their retentions could double. So if you have a 1/1 reinsurance renewal, and you're a primary carrier, which you can pick anyone you want, I would guess that the reinsurance renewal would go deep into December before they finalize everything because of the disruption in the marketplace. That's how I -- that's how we would want you to think about it.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, final quick question, when you talk about the $4 million adjustment contingent commissions, is that the bottom line number, or is that the offset you expect to other contingent commissions that would be accrued in the fourth quarter?
Andy Watts: Yeah. Good morning, Meyer. That would be offset in revenue within the profit sharing contingent commissions. [Technical Difficulty]
Meyer Shields: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes of Truist. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Andy, anything you can say about the specific accretion or dilution from the acquisitions in the third quarter?
Andy Watts: So we didn't break out the amount of the accretion from them. They were positive on EPS, which we anticipated that they would be. And so that was in our comments that we made, Mark, that they're kind of right in line with what we thought for their first, I'll call it, 90 days, quite exactly 90 days but pretty close for both of those. And then we've obviously got the cost of the debt and the amortization. But the businesses are doing well for us.
Mark Hughes: And Powell, just reflecting on where you've seen environments in the past where there's been a lot of dislocation in coastal property in Florida, has that generally been accretive for growth for Brown & Brown? Understanding there's a lot of moving parts, you said it's a low probability. It would be a negative. Just generally speaking, is this a environment that one might not hope for clients to have to pay more for insurance, but your services are valuable and therefore, positively impacts growth or otherwise?
Powell Brown: Right. I mean, first, Mark, this is why we're in the insurance business, which is to serve our customers after a loss, particularly a covered cause of loss. And so there's a lot of working through complex claims issues on their behalf to get their claims settled not only fairly but as quickly as possible. That's the first thing. The second thing is, in an environment, which you might describe a little bit as chaotic, there creates great challenges and great opportunities. And I put that kind of in one big bucket. So what do I mean by that? You're going to have existing customers that are going to be impacted by rate increases and deductible increases. And then you're going to have lots of new business opportunities because there will be other firms that are not able to think about the -- or provide the most creative solutions or that might translate into, in some instances, the most affordable solutions. So I'm not trying to avoid your question, but what I'm trying to say is, in this environment, I would describe it as a potential positive overall, yet it comes with an enormous amount of work. And so that's additional stress on our teammates, stress on our customers, stress on the carrier partners we're dealing with in order to kind of deliver for them. But yes, I think you're thinking about it the correct way. And it's not a -- this is not a Florida-only thing. I want you to keep that in mind. This is a coastal thing. This is a CAT property thing. This is things that people think about differently. How do losses and win impact the way carriers think about quake? And you might say, well, they're totally unrelated. And the answer is, technically, they're unrelated, but they're still in a portfolio of risk that people assume. And if you haven't had a quake loss in a long time, then one day, there will be a quake. So I want you to please remember, first of all, we feel really good about our capabilities as a company, where we're positioned, the way we've invested in the business and our alignment with our entire leadership team. That said, it's not a Florida-only challenge. This is -- we're going to see this in lots of different places. So thanks for the question, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Andy Watts: Thanks.
Powell Brown: We'll take one more question, Laura, please.
Operator: Sure. We'll now take our last question from Yaron Kinar of Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning and thanks for fitting me in. I want to start with going back to the seasonality of the acquired revenues. I guess what quarters do you think will be the catch-up quarters? Is it more of a first quarter that's going to be a big quarter?
Andy Watts: Good morning, Yaron. Probably get spread over kind of the fourth quarter of this year and then first and second of next year? So it does get kind of spread over the three quarters. And again, it's not anything that is super material, as we talked about before, it does move around a little bit. So it's not like we're going to lump it all into the fourth quarter, all into Q1 if it kind of spread out.
Yaron Kinar: And is that true for both the retail and the wholesale segment? Because it seems like maybe wholesale had more of a seasonal impact.
Andy Watts: Yeah. I think that's probably a fair comment that it's across both of the businesses, a little bit more accentuated in wholesale because of the property.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then I hesitate ending a call with this. But considering that you're not only an insurance broker, but you're also an employer that is based in Florida and you live in Florida. With all that, how are you thinking -- or what would -- like if you're talking to politicians in Florida, like what is your recommendation? How are you thinking about the potential insurance brewing concerns problem in Florida?
Powell Brown: Okay. So to start, and I want to reiterate something that I said earlier, the first thing we think about is were any of our teammates and their family members affected in terms of injured by the storm, and we said, no, okay? That is not the case in the entire state of Florida. There were a number of deaths in the storm. That's the first thing. And so to answer your question, the way we think about it is how do you have a viable residential and commercial property market in the state of Florida, knowing that those -- there can be two competing interest there. So if you look at it from a consumer advocacy standpoint, that may not make financial sense. So there's got to be a balance there. Now I also think that there is going to be a lot of speculation around flood in Florida. And what that means going forward, we don't know. But there are numbers of people that their homes were flooded and they're not in flood zones and they're uninsured. So we don't know if FEMA will respond in some way to those individuals, but it's a big number. So I think it's a very, very, very delicate balance between wanting to have a viable competitive property market in Florida, which it can happen. But with having said that with consumer protection and giving them, because remember, we have an election here on the 8, and it's not just about the election on the 8, it's about what do people think about and aspire to down the road, and lots of people are moving to Florida and so affordability of insurance is top of mind. So I think that it's going to have to be -- there's going to have to be some real -- they're going to have to give it some real significant thought about how you craft something that would be deemed a win-win as opposed to one side winning and the other side, whatever the other side is, whether that's the consumer or the carrier because that is a very fine line right now. And so remember, carriers were already evaluating capacity and potentially restricting capacity in CAT prone areas prior to the storm. So this wasn't just storm related. This was an accentuation of something that was already happening. Did that answer your question?
Yaron Kinar: Right. Yes. It does, and I appreciate the thoughts. Maybe if I could sneak just one last one in. So I think you're reiterating the margin guidance for full year 2022 slightly up to slightly down. I think first three quarters, you're down a bit. Are you seeing -- is that guidance in absolute guidance, or are you saying, but for some adjustments?
Andy Watts: No. What we were saying is, if we -- on a full year basis, we think down slightly to up slightly, which is the same guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year, Yaron, that includes the losses that we recorded on the captives as well as adjusting the contingent commissions. So if you were up to you so inclined, if you want to back those out and look at it separately, then obviously, the margins look better, but we just try to look at it all in total.
Yaron Kinar: Perfect. Thats what I was getting at. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Yaron, I'd like to add one final thing as we wrap up. I know that was your last question, but I think it's important that we're very consistent in what we said over long periods of time. Number one, we don't believe one quarter starts to trend. So that's number one. Number two, we don't focus on although we report quarter-to-quarter results, we focus on performance over more of an extended period of time, like years. And so as Andy said, and I've alluded to in my remarks, we're positive. We are finishing. We believe we will finish in a very good place at the end of the year, particularly under the circumstances, both from a growth standpoint and a margin standpoint. We acknowledge that the economy is going to continue to have pressure and headwinds because the Fed will increase rates. But we're very optimistic about our business, and most importantly we have great capabilities and better yet great teammates. And so our teammates are doing their very best to deliver for our customers and those that were affected in particular but all over the country and overseas. And so we appreciate everybody's time. We apologize for the slight delay or mix up in the beginning, and we look forward to talking to you all in January. So Laura, thank you very much, and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. Stay safe. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of the - a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company have made may not currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in the conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call in the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Ally. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. We had another strong quarter growing double digits organically, while expanding our adjusted EBITDAC margins. Our business performed well during the first half of the year and has great momentum. Additionally, we completed our acquisition of Global Risk Partners early this month, and we couldn't be more excited. I'm very pleased to see how the teams are executing on our proven integration plan. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to the more than 2,000 new teammates in England, Ireland and Northern Ireland. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide number 4. We delivered $840 million of revenue growing 15.5% in total and 10.3% organically. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was 32.7% for the quarter, an increase of 30 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2021. Our net income per share was $0.51 on an as reported and adjusted basis. Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail later in the presentation. We also completed eight acquisitions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $11 million. In summary, this is a very strong performance. I'm on Slide 5. During the quarter, most businesses continued to expand slightly, even with continued downward moderation in GDP to more traditional levels. As we've seen in previous quarters, businesses continue to face inflation, labor shortages and rising interest rates. For many renewals, the quoted increase in premium is growing faster than the company's revenues. All of these issues continue to put pressure on margins for companies across multiple industries and are influencing how and what to levels leaders invest in their businesses. The carrier landscape remained relatively consistent with previous quarters. The focus is on the availability of limits for certain classes or geographies, heightened pricing sensitivity and increased underwriting rigor. Consequently, customers continue to modify their deductibles and limits to best manage premium increases. In an environment like this, we leverage our collective capabilities to provide creative solutions to our customers. Admitted market rates were similar to prior quarters and were up 4% to 8% across most lines with the outlier being workers' compensation rates, which continue to be down 1% to 3%. From an E&S perspective, premium rates increased in the range of 10% to 20%. Cat wind property rates were up 15% to 35%, while earthquake rates were up 7% to 10%. Similar to last quarter, carriers were focused on insurable values as replacement costs have increased materially over the past couple of years. The impact of higher values, coupled with losses will more than likely keep property rate increases in a similar range through year-end. The placement of professional liability and excess liability for most accounts remain challenging with rates up 5% to 15%. While we did see some slight decreases in public company D&O in June and the 1st of July. Regarding cyber, the story is substantially the same with rates and deductibles continuing to increase and carriers requiring effective security protocols. Personal lines for property in California, Florida and Louisiana continue to be challenging due to losses in aggregate concentrations. We expect carrier appetite in these markets will continue to be constrained through at least the end of the year and a number of accounts will move into the state plans. I'm on Slide 6. Now let's transition and discuss the performance of our 4 segments. Our Retail segment had a great quarter, delivering nearly 9% organic growth, as a result of good new business, solid retention, rate increases, modest exposure unit expansion. We delivered robust growth in most lines of business. National Programs had an outstanding quarter with organic growth of 19%. This is one of the best quarters in the division's history. The growth was driven by onboarding of new customers within our lender-placed business, strong new business, our good retention and exposure unit expansion across many of our programs. Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered a good quarter with 7% increase in organic revenue, led by strong growth in our open brokerage business. Our overall performance continued to be impacted by headwinds within our personal lines businesses. The organic revenue for our Services segment declined by less than 1% with the main drivers being higher prior year claims activity related to travel cancellations and weather events. Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide number 7. Like previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results and then certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the second quarter, we delivered 15.5% total revenue growth and double-digit organic revenue growth of 10.3%. Our net income grew 4.2% or $5.9 million, and our diluted net income per share increased by 4.1% to $0.51. The growth of net income and net income per share was impacted by the incremental debt associated with the GRP, Orchid & BdB acquisitions for which we have not yet realized the full run rate of revenue and profit. The effective tax rate increased to 27% for the second quarter of this year, as compared to 25.2% in the second quarter of last year. The higher rate was primarily impacted by the change in the market value of the assets associated with our deferred compensation plan and the reduced tax benefit associated with shares vesting from our stock incentive plans. We continue to anticipate our full year effective tax rate will be in the range of 24% to 25%. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year, and our dividends per share increased to $10.03 or 10.8% compared to the second quarter of 2021. We're over on Slide number 8. This slide presents our results on an adjusted basis, which excludes the impact of movements in foreign currencies on both revenues and expenses, the net gain or loss on disposals, the onetime acquisition and integration costs associated with GRP, Orchid & BdB and the change in earn-out payables. Please refer back to Slide 16 and 17 for reconciliations of these amounts to our most comparable GAAP results. On an adjusted basis, income before income taxes increased by 8.6% and EBITDAC grew faster than revenues increasing 16.9% with our adjusted EBITDAC margin improving by 30 basis points over the prior year, even with higher variable cost. Our net income increased by 6% and our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.51, which grew by 6.3%. For the quarter, salaries and related and other operating expenses were impacted by the changes in the liabilities and assets associated with our deferred compensation plan. As we've mentioned before, when the market changes year-over-year, we realize offsetting movements within these expenses. As a percentage of revenue, the year-over-year benefit to salaries and related was approximately 3%, and there was a corresponding offset in other operating expenses. Overall, it was a great quarter and the strong operating results are the outcome of continued high performance from our team. We're on Slide number 9. Our Retail segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 14.4%, driven by organic revenue growth of 8.8% and acquisition activity over the last 12 months. Adjusted EBITDAC grew 12.6%, with the associated margin decreasing by 50 basis points for the quarter due to year-over-year increased variable costs such as travel and entertainment. We're on Slide number 10. Our National Programs segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 28.1%, an impressive organic revenue growth of 19%. This was an outstanding performance. As a result of our strong top line growth, adjusted EBITDAC grew by 42.1% over the prior year, and the margin increased by 430 basis points to 44.4% due to the leveraging of our expense base in relation to the growth in revenue, as well as the timing of prior year revenues and expenses associated with the onboarding of new customers in our lender-placed business. Regarding the second half of the year, we're expecting good growth, but not at the levels we recognized in the second quarter due to seasonally fewer property placements and the revenue associated with the onboarding of new customers in our lender placed business becoming more comparable to the prior year. We're over on Slide number 11. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 7.5%, driven substantially by organic revenue growth. Adjusted EBITDAC increased by 2.2%, with the associated margin declining by 160 basis points due primarily to higher year-over-year variable operating expenses. We're on Slide number 12. Adjusted total revenues in our Services segment decreased by 2% and organic revenue declined by 0.5%. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDAC decreased approximately $1 million or 12.9% due to fewer claims and some non-recurring costs. We're on Slide number 13. Since we closed Orchid at the end of Q1, GRP at the beginning of July and are expecting BdB to close August 1, we wanted to provide an updated outlook for these acquisitions as a result of the changes in foreign exchange rates. In the underlying currencies, revenues and EBITDAC margins are unchanged from our previous guidance. We're anticipating total revenues for July 2022 through June 2023 to be in the range of $375 million to $400 million, and we've also provided the projections by segment. We continue to expect the adjusted EBITDAC margins associated with these revenues to be slightly higher than the margins of the segments in which they will be reported. We anticipate the revenue and profit associated with these businesses should be recognized evenly by quarter. Note that our second quarter results for this year included approximately $18 million of revenue associated with Orchid. A few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion. For the first half of 2022, we delivered cash flow from operations of approximately $346 million. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was 19.8% for the first 6 months of this year as compared to 24.4% in the first 6 months of 2021. This ratio was lower than the prior year due to the difference in the timing of payroll funding as compared to the prior year. The payment of earn-outs as certain acquisitions have over performed our original expectations and paying higher incentive bonuses to our teammates for their outstanding performance in 2021. Overall, we are in a very strong cash generation and capital position. During the second quarter, we repaid $100 million on our revolving line of credit. It is also our expectation to continue to decrease our leverage over the coming quarters as we have done in the past post larger acquisitions. We will have incremental interest associated with the debt related to the acquisitions of GRP, Orchid & BdB and increased interest on our floating rate debt. As a result, we are projecting our quarterly interest expense for the remainder of the year to be in the range of $41 million to $43 million. Regarding the outlook for the quarterly amortization expense. We anticipate this to be in the range of $44 million to $46 million for the second half of the year, this includes the amortization associated with GRP, Orchid and BdB does not - but does not include any future or unannounced acquisition activity. And then lastly, we expect our full year adjusted EBITDAC margins to be flat or to increase slightly as compared to 2021. This would represent a very strong performance given the increase in variable costs such as travel and entertainment as compared to the prior year. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. We have a lot of momentum and believe this positions us well for continued profitable growth. As we mentioned last quarter, we believe economic growth will continue to moderate to more normal levels, federal rate increases, the prospect of continued inflation and resolution of supply chain constraints and geopolitical matters have the potential to further cool the economy. With that said, we are well positioned to navigate these potential headwinds. We have a significantly more diversified business today than we did a decade ago, which should make us more resilient to a slowdown in the economy. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium increases for admitted markets will remain relatively constant through the end of the year. From an E&S standpoint and all of this is subject to what happens during the hurricane season. Premium rate increases for the remainder of the year should be fairly similar or potentially slightly lower as compared to what we experienced in the second quarter. As it relates to California, Florida and Louisiana, these markets will more than likely continue to be challenging and further rate increases for both personal and commercial property lines are possible. We continue to deliver creative solutions for our customers. We have a good pipeline of acquisition candidates and are engaging with firms that we believe will fit culturally and make sense financially. History has proven that when we get a good cultural alignment, we deliver strong performance and value for our stakeholders. We're making good progress in our innovation - on our innovation agenda, which is focused on leveraging data to enhance the customer experience, simplifying the placement of coverage and creating new products. In addition, we're focused on implementing efficiency tools to enhance the experience for our teammates and enable them to spend more time delivering solutions for our customers. In closing, we feel great about our business, the momentum we have and how well our team is executing and expanding our capabilities. The addition of GRP, Orchid and BdB will further fuel our success with the addition of more than 2,000 talented teammates with very diverse capabilities in the U.K., U.S. and Continental Europe. While the economy might present some challenges, we remain focused on delivering for our customers, winning more new business and acquiring great companies. As we've done in the past, these will be key drivers of our steady long-term growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Ally for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. I have a couple of questions for you. And Powell, I was listening to your comments and you spoke about potential macro headwinds, organic doesn't reflect that. But maybe you could spend a minute and talk to us about what you're seeing in the market as it relates to you know, whether we're in a recession or not. And talk about how you think your businesses are going to perform over the next year in the face of this uncertainty?
Powell Brown: Okay. So let me first clarify. I'm not an economist, although I did major in economics in college. That said, this is - where we are today is obviously much different than where we were in 8, 9, 10 and the last slowdown. So let's make a couple of broad statements and then get right to what you were referring to. Number one, the banks are in better position today than they were in that period of time, one. Two, the consumer allegedly is in a better position with additional savings, at least in the near to intermediate term. You have rates that are going up now generally speaking, across the board, where rates were going down then. And you also have inflation going up now and inflation was not going and we have a labor - the labor market is different in terms of unemployment then being much higher 10-plus percent. And today, let's say, it's 3.6% to 4%. That said, what does that mean for us? Well, there's a couple of things, on insured values we are seeing the increase on replacement cost on, let's just say, any kind of property. It could be habitational, it could be industrial, it could be whatever. So that's a nice way of saying you can't build it back for $60 a square foot. And so they're moving into 120 or whatever the number is, that's appropriate between us and the underwriter. That's the first thing. The second thing is, as I said, rates they are not moving and you're hearing that in consistency, there's not going to be, we don't believe some drop in rates very dramatically. And so rates continue to be high relatively speaking. They may moderate a little bit, but they're still going up. That's number two. Number three, depending on the business, the businesses although may be cautious. In many instances, the businesses are having the best years they've ever had. So let me give you an example. If you talk to most of our construction customers, the business in their pipeline for the next year is off the chart. So my point is that's already work in progress. That's in the pipe or they're getting set. And so that said, more people are traveling to hotels. They're coming to Florida. They're going to California and Arizona. There is lots of stuff going on and our - the restaurants are full, all this other stuff. So we haven't - although prices are up inflation, I'm talking about inflation prices, whether it's in a restaurant or your gas or whatever the case might be, we just haven't seen it yet with our customers. So Andy, do you want to say something on that?
Andy Watts: The other thing I would tell you is that we're really proud of, though, one final comment is this, and I said it in our comments. Our business today is much different than our business in 2009. So I want everybody to know. And I think it's kind of interesting. I know you don't think this, Greg, but there are some people out there that think that we're a retail business. And I would say that we are a diversified insurance broker, because 58% of our revenue is retail, but for everybody else that maybe isn't getting it, that's 42% other than retail. And that part of our business performed really well. And so we're very pleased with how we're positioned, the diversification of our business. And quite honestly, yes, we know it's happening out there, but we're not seeing yet with our customer base. And let's - let's clear up one other thing. We are writing a lot of new business. So that is awesome. So we're continuing to deliver for our existing customers, and we're writing a lot of new customers. So this creates a lot of opportunity for us.
Greg Peters: Thank you for the answer. Thats helpful. Can we...
Powell Brown: Little more than you thought you're going to get there.
Greg Peters: I'm a little bit taken aback by that. So that's good. And I like the construction analogy, an example. Can we pivot, on Slide 5 and on Slide 14, and I know you kind of answered - touched upon this in your previous answer. But there's a bullet [ph] point in both Slide 5 and Slide 14 regarding placement of California, Florida, Louisiana property being challenging. Can you provide us what does that mean to Brown & Brown financially? Where are we seeing the pressures, the positives and negatives of that issue manifest itself in your results?
Powell Brown: Right. So here's the way I would look at it. You have - in our business, we have a large personal lines book, particularly in Florida, but we have a large habitational book. Just - these are 2 examples. You know, large condominiums on the coast. And so what you're seeing is this, you've got, number one, as you know, in the state of Florida, we have - they have takeout companies, which you've read about are Demotech rated and they're reevaluating that. They're not going to come out with adjustments today and tomorrow, like they talked about, that's number one. Number two, there's a flow of business back towards Citizens, which anticipates there are a number of - policies could be somewhere in the range of $1.2 million or up to as high as $2 million by year-end if everything went to hell in a hand basket, technical term. We don't anticipate that, but I'm saying it's possible. And so in our business, we think the order of magnitude relative to the impact on it, residential properties is in the neighborhood of several million dollars that could be moved from some of these things over into a facility like Citizens or something like that. That's the first part. The second part, which is much harder to put your finger on is, in some instances, we are seeing individuals who have very nice large homes in Florida who do not have mortgages, basically raise their hand and say, the insurance for personal lines is too expensive. We're going to self-insure. And that's hard for me to understand, I mean, but I got it. But their insurance rates are going up - this we primarily in Southeast Florida, I haven't heard of that yet anywhere on the West Coast or any of that Tampa, but I haven't heard that yet, but I'm talking to Dade, Broward and Palm Beach County, but specifically Dade and Broward. And so what I mean by that is you have this very interesting shift in California because of the wildfires and lots of accounts are coming out of markets and they either have to pour into the fair plan or they're going to go into an E&S market where the rates are going up substantially. Louisiana has been under intense pressure because of the losses, and they're having the same issue in their homeowners market, although the values in Louisiana, as you know, are much different than they are in Florida or California. So that's a long-winded answer, Greg, of saying, one, the order of magnitude, in our opinion, on residential for us is several million dollars. If that were to all go to Lenahan [ph] basket. That said, we haven't quantified it on our commercial book because we think there's commercial options. It's not - Citizens does write in Florida commercial business, but most of the business that we write is actually in E&S markets that's on the coast.
Greg Peters: Is it several million dollars
Powell Brown: Go ahead. Sorry, Andy.
Andy Watts: Go ahead, finish your question, then I'll round it out.
Greg Peters: Well, I was just going to ask about the several million dollars. Is that principally in retail?
Andy Watts: Yes, primarily in retail, and that would be the delta if we had to move all of it to another market, and if it went to Citizens and the delta on the commission rate. So we don't see that as a material headwind for us. We still have that impact going wholesale and we called that out in terms of the personal lines. So we do have a good sized personal lines book there, and that will continue to be under pressure. But if you think about just the overall, you know, from a commercial property space and where rates are going, generally, it's a positive for us, Greg, when you look across programs and all the wind programs that we run in the wholesale business, as well as on the retail from the placement component of in - inside of there. So I just want to make sure we balance that out.
Greg Peters: Got it. Final cleanup question I have for you is just, you did push some revenue numbers for GRP, Orchid, BdB, revised for currency. Can you talk to us about the integration? That's my last question.
Powell Brown: Yeah. I'll take  you take that. First of all, Orchid's on and up and going and where it's pumped for the team to be part of Brown & Brown here in Florida. So very little integration hurdles there. As it relates to GRP, we've got a lot of good stuff going in terms of information sharing from teams there and in teams here. We've got leaders from here spending time there and vice versa, their leaders coming here. And we have senior leaders over there. This summer, I've asked Barrett to go over and spend six weeks with family there, getting to know all of our teammates and carriers and customers in a period of time that within reason. And so we have a lot of good stuff going on there, and we're very, very pleased with what's going on with the integration, but it takes time. And I know Andy will make a couple of comments on this, but we're continuing to get them kind of on to our - how we think about it and reporting structure and all that stuff. So you want to expand on that a little bit?
Andy Watts: Yeah. Greg, we touched on this briefly in the opening comments, but we've got a proven way in which we go about integrating acquisitions and bringing the teams together. And that covers everything to how we think about the go-to-market with customers, how we're engaging with our carriers and expanding the potential markets. How are we integrating the back office, all the way through from the front to the back. So we feel really good how all our teams are collaborating. And obviously, it's still early days, but going all in the right direction, which is really good.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Andy Watts: Perfect, yeah. Thank you. We'll go to the next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Weston Bloomer with UBS. Please go ahead.
Weston Bloomer: Hi, good morning. My first question is just a follow-up on the integration of the deal and the lower revenue guidance associated with that. Could you just give us a sense of the economic backdrop that you're baking into those assumptions? And could that guidance hold a potential recessionary environment? Are there additional FX or maybe lower GRP baked into that currently?
Powell Brown: Yeah, Weston, what we did in here, so when we originally communicated this back in March, we had just used a spot rate at that time, not knowing exactly what it's going to look like over the next 12 months. The sterling, as well as the euro has - they both devalued materially since that stage. So what we wanted to do is provide the updated range on revenues from where they were. Again, those numbers are realistically going to move around again if FX - if the exchange rates go back up. So that's how we got from the 375 to 400. A couple of important things to keep in mind. There is no change in our expectation for the underlying performance of the business. They had a really good first half of the year from everything we can tell, and they're running a little bit ahead of their plan on the GRP front, which is very good. The margins on the businesses are still running right in the range of what we had anticipated back when we communicated before. And as we mentioned, the margins will probably be a little bit slightly higher than each of the segments that we're going into. So the health of the business is very good. All of the movement is just FX right now, and it's going to continue to move around over time, okay?
Weston Bloomer: Got it. That's helpful. And then just switching over, and you maintained your EBITDA guidance for the year, and that does imply stronger growth in the second half of the year. So I guess, does the inflationary environment really change how you invest in your business, either from hiring talent or other investments? And maybe you could just give us a broader sense of how investment spend could trend in the second half and the resiliency of gross [ph] business?
Powell Brown: Sure. We'll split this into two pieces. So one for clarity, we've actually - we've increased our guidance for the full year. As you probably recall, Weston, when we originally gave guidance for the year, we said down slightly to flat to up slightly. Based upon the strong performance in the first half of the year and taking into consideration some of the headwinds of continued inflation, we now think that we'll be flat to up a little bit, which is good. But there's still inflation going on in the business both from a compensation standpoint, as well as just operating expenses. If you've taken an airline flight likely, you can definitely see where the costs are today versus where they were a year ago. So we're trying to take all that into consideration. So as it relates to how we think about investing in the business, number one, as you know, our business is all about teammates. So we're focused on getting the right people on the team, rewarding them, challenging them to work to the best interest - for the best interest of our customers and grow personally and professionally and financially. That said, some of the hiring that we're doing, obviously, is costing a little bit today than it was a year ago, and that's going to be reflected in S&R. That's - but that doesn't mean we think differently about it. We're always looking for the right people. That's number one. Number two, Andy made the comment about travel. Let's just talk about plane flights and hotel rooms. And we saw an uptick in our business in T&E in the second quarter. And so as more people go out to see customers and go to events and do things, we're going to continue to see that. And at the present, he cost for that is higher today than it was a year ago or 2 years ago. So just keep that in mind. The third thing is about acquisitions. And the answer is we're always looking for acquisitions because it's all about cultural fit and doesn't make sense financially. We have not seen any indication that the purchase price multiples are coming down as a result of any increase in Fed rates or anything to that effect and actually don't anticipate that in the near to intermediate term. But we will continue to be out meeting with people and why and when people do transactions is very different for different firms. But we think there continues to be a great a number of opportunities for us to invest in businesses that will either embellish existing capabilities or expand into new capabilities.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Just a quick follow-up on the M&A comments. I know you did eight deals for $11 million and deal activity was up $1 million was down versus historical trends. How much of that is a reflection of kind of the multiple environment? Or if you integrate M&A? Or maybe just those were the opportunities you had that you saw in the quarter?
Powell Brown: It was the latter. It really was. And I think here's the thing Weston, we don't get caught up in the number of transactions. I think that's important. That's not a criticism, but we don't get caught up in it, whether we do eight, whether we do 10, whether we do three, whether we do none or we do more than that, it's all about investing in the right firms. Now just coincidentally, it's kind of interesting. GRP bought eight businesses in the second quarter. So that's - and that's just a statement, it's not a here or there. And so when we look at it as when the right firms that fit culturally and make sense financially present themselves, we don't think it's down or up because of anything other than that.
Weston Bloomer: Great. Thank you for the color.
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Powell, you mentioned something somewhere we've heard from some of the carriers on the admitted side, that is rate deceleration is kind of slow, if not gone back up again. I guess, and your numbers were a little bit the same that you quoted. Is that pretty broad-based by line? Or is that specific to property lines, that's driving that?
Powell Brown: Remember, let's look at it this way. Let's talk about the areas where you see pressure. Automobile continues to be under pressure because of the number of accidents and more importantly, the cost of the claims that are being paid, that's number one. Number two, liability, if you're going to see some downward rate pressure, I think in the primary, you might see it there if it's priced appropriately, you may not see increases as much. Excess continues to be challenging, that's umbrellas. You heard us say that - and this is kind of across the board. We talked about umbrellas under pressure. You talk  where workers' compensation rates being down 1% to 3%, I think, is what it was. And - and from a standpoint of property, Cat property continues. That's not admitted. I know that. But even admitted property carriers continue to look at their property portfolios. Part of that is highly driven around the reinsurance placements and any limitations or pullbacks from the reinsurers into them into like a large Siemens [ph] one of the primary carriers. So it's interesting how carriers are viewing their property portfolios. Broadly speaking, there's a broad statement. Carriers want to figure out ways to reduce volatility and diversify their books of business. That's kind of a - that would be conceptually what any carrier would like to do, and it's easier for some than others.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you. That makes sense. Second question on the National Program. Obviously, really strong numbers on the organic side. I just want to confirm, is there anything at all that was kind of a one-off or [indiscernible]?
Andy Watts: Good morning, Mike, it's Andy here.
Michael Phillips: Morning.
Andy Watts: I would say there was one-offs inside of there. The big drivers that we saw across all National Programs as we talked about, we had a really good business in many of our programs. We had good retention, and we're seeing some exposure unit expansion in addition, and we've talked about this for a few different quarters, starting last year was the on-boarding of some new customers in our lender placed business. And this was the final quarter before we make the lap [ph] on the revenue and the expenses coming around. So that's part of what is driving the increase. That's why we made the earlier comment about it will be on a more comparable basis. And we think the organic - we're still expecting good organic in the back end of the year for the National Program segment, but we would anticipate it would slow down. We love the growth at 19%, but part of that has just making the lap on the lender place, but that is not the majority of it. It just - it was a really, really good quarter. Now keep in mind, when we head to the third quarter, and this is traditional in that business, we have less property placements in the third quarter than what we have in the second quarter. So if you look at the organic, it normally does dip down a little bit in the third quarter in comparison to others. So if you look back over history, that's a pretty traditional trend.
Michael Phillips: Yeah, okay. Thank you for the comments Andy. Appreciate it.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Powell, you spoke about macro headwinds. I recognize you said you guys really aren't seeing them yet. But - and did stay right that this - what you're expecting, right, wouldn't necessarily compare to some prior slowdowns. As you also mentioned, right, inflation, still good pricing environment. Historically, you know, Brown & Brown hasn't necessarily guided organically, but you have said in a steady-state environment that you guys typically grow around mid-single digits. So when you think about those factors that you mentioned that I just reiterated, how do you see the organic growth environment playing out over the rest of the year and into 2023 as well?
Powell Brown: So I know - I appreciate that you ask that every quarter, Elyse. But as you know, we're not going to give organic growth guidance in our retail business or any of our businesses. You're correct in saying what I've said historically and that was just kind of put that out there to allow you to chew on that and everyone in the investment community. But the short answer is this. We're going to continue to service our customers. That's our first and foremost. Number two, we're going to try to write a lot of new business, which we've been successful so far in doing. And number three, we're going to continue to look for businesses that we can - that fit culturally that makes sense financially. And those businesses typically are growing organically and they have capabilities to either expand on our existing capabilities or create new capabilities for our organization. So I'm sorry. I know you'd like to hear me say something differently on a certain quarter, but I'm not going to do that. But we feel really good about the business. We feel good about what we can control. We can't control the economy. And so what we can do is we can do a great job for our customers, and we can go out and write a lot of new business or be aggressively seeking new business. And that's how we have positively impacted our organic growth, not only this year but last year, and you've seen the results accordingly.
Andy Watts: Yeah, Elyse, as we think about at least the economy over the coming quarters, this comment is consistent with what we said over the last quarters. We anticipate that GDP is going to continue to moderate down to more normal levels. We don't think that it goes negative, but who knows what can happen out there in the future. But we're coming off of almost historic highs on GDP. It's got to moderate itself back down to more normal levels. And that's just going to take a number of quarters in order to get there. So depending upon the actual trajectory of it is how it will influence our business over time, but we feel really good with how we're positioned today.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question is on the margin side. You guys saw a 20 basis points of margin expansion in the first half of the year. Andy, you mentioned, right, that the updated guide kind of reflects the better - better-than-expected start to the year. We don't lap right some of the T&E coming back in the second half of last year. So is it the fact that you guys still might just come in at flat margins for the year, does that just reflect some conservatism around inflation that should more than overshadow the easier T&E comp in the back half?
Andy Watts: I think as we look into the - back into the year, we anticipated originally that comp would be a little bit easier with the incremental inflation on the areas that we mentioned earlier, yes, that may take some of that potential tailwind out. So just being a little bit conservative. I just don't know exactly what it's going to look like in the back end of the year, but we feel really good with how all our leaders are managing their expenses and investing in the business. We do a really, really good job with us across the organization, and we'll see ultimately how the numbers play out the back end of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one. We've seen rates move a good amount. Can you just give us a sense of how that could start to benefit you guys see a potentially greater for your share investment income?
Andy Watts: Yeah. We - I know we've had - this comments come up on a few calls on the fiduciary income is, if you look back over time, is that is not a significant driver of revenue for us. And I know some of the other brokers make different comments that are out there. And again, maybe their businesses have a different profile underneath. But we don't see, for every 1% increase in the Fed rate that, that drops out millions upon millions of dollars for us. It just - this has not historically done that one. Because the other thing that is something to think about in that equation is even if the Fed takes rates up by 1%, they won't flow through from the banks at the same rate, there's always going to be some sort of a spread in there and there's always a delay. So theoretically, yes, that makes sense. In reality, that's not what really happens that's out there. So we do a great job of managing our capital and all the fiduciary to the extent that we can. Also, I think we've mentioned this in the past is, in many cases, on the fiduciary side, there are restrictions put in place by either the states or by our carrier partners that only allow us to earn interest up to the extent of the bank fees that we incur and then after that, we cannot earn it. So again, that's a portion of our fiduciary funds that are out there.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for the color.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes with Truist. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. I was in the presentation, you commented on the frequency and magnitude of losses driving reduced appetite. You certainly touched on construction replacement costs and maybe a coastal property or wildfire losses. Were you making any broader point there about the frequency and severity of claims, maybe really the broader inflationary issues, are you seeing anything among your customers or our carriers talking about loss trends perhaps picking up? Just curious.
Powell Brown: Yeah. I wasn't - there was not a subliminal message there. I don't want to give you that impression. I just was trying to give you a state of the marketplace and how we see it, which is the - in some instances, depending on the class of business, the line of business, whatever the case may be, there may be a higher frequency. But for sure, pressure on the loss costs. So the losses that happen are paying out at a higher rate today than they were a year or 2 years, 3 years ago. That's what I'm saying, and that was just trying to have an underlying support for the pressure on - the upward pressure on rates, albeit they could be going down slightly, but they're moderating at a slower pace or just slowly moderating. That was the implication Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, I appreciate that. What do you think workers' comp, I think you implied that it's declining at a slower pace. Do you think that hits an inflection? Or I'll ask you this. Are there any signs of any kind of inflection?
Powell Brown: Yeah. The answer to the question is no, there's nothing that I've seen that there's some - we've hit the bottom or whatever the case may be. But let me be clear on that. I don't, me personally, I don't think as much about the rates in workers' compensation as the payrolls because remember, that's what's driving that business. And so if the economy is expanding or payrolls are going up, then typically, our business is performing better. So in a high unemployment environment, you have lower payrolls typically. And therefore, that's a downward pressure on our business. At the present time, we haven't seen that because it's the exact opposite because it's a very low unemployment and actually, the pressure on wages is higher today than it has been. So therefore, that's - in the near to intermediate term, that's typically a positive from a workers' compensation, which I believe offset any negative downdraft of that 1% to 3% that we talked about.
Powell Brown: Yeah. And then finally, a quick one. You talked about very good pipeline visibility within the construction sector. Is that more Florida centric? Or are you seeing that across the country?
Powell Brown: That's everywhere, and it's not just residential, it's commercial. It's both.
Powell Brown: Very good. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Cox: Hey. Can you talk about how the premium audit process has been this year and how you're seeing inflation work its way into insured values? And aside from property lines, what areas are you seeing material benefits from inflation?
Powell Brown: You can take that, Andy, if you want to.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Robert. Is from the audits and at least what we've been seeing over the last few quarters, is we've been in an advanced position, but there's been no material increases or decreases in the audits. So I guess if you're trying to get a feel for or the insurance trying to materially understate their insured values or payrolls, whatever the case might be, and then having a big adjustment on the back end. No, we're not seeing anything major there, at least in the first half of this year.
Robert Cox: Got it
Powell Brown: Yeah, let me try to address your question about inflation and insured values. So remember, I'm just going to make it simple, let's just use computational property. So that could be apartments, that could be condominiums, that could be anything of the sort. For sake of this discussion, let's put it anywhere in Florida, in Texas or California, just as an example. Large population states, we write a lot of business there. And basically, underwriters, both in the E&S market and in the admitted market are looking at replacement cost values and saying that does not look right. And so therefore, there's a slight embedded upward pressure there in addition to the rate increase. So we are continuing to see that. And in some instances, underwriters are looking for higher increases in values than we think we can get - it can all be done in a year. I mean we've had to say, look, there's just no way the insured can buy that. And so there is an issue going on there. So the most - to your point, the most marked increase from an inflationary standpoint would be around the following. Let me give you an example. You have a car that actually you get in an accident yourself, a personal automobile accident. It's not your fault. You drive a jeep, just made that up, and you needed to get fixed. So the part is going to cost more, and it takes longer to get. So the insurance company of the person that hit you is paying you for a rental car for six weeks or eight weeks when in essence, it used to be done in two weeks. So there's additional costs there, which increases the total overall claim. That would be an example. Case in point, you have a fire loss and people, you got to get wood right away or cinder block or whatever the case may be. Those products cost more, the cost to get it to this - the site, the job site is more and the cost of the goods is higher and the cost of installing it is higher. So you have kind of the - the trifecta there. It's kind of across the board. So we're seeing it kind of in all segments of our business. Interestingly enough, you didn't ask this, Robert, but I would tell you that we're seeing that in a similar fashion in England, so their inflation rate, obviously, is high as it is here, and we're seeing the same kind of thing going on there.
Robert Cox: Thank you. That's very helpful. And just for your second question, just going back to your comments in the presentation regarding acquisition multiples continuing to expand. Can you just talk about that a little bit and why they would continue to increase in light of rising interest rates?
Powell Brown: Okay. So depending on who you ask, the number of acquirers out there continues to grow. And so you have strategic buyers like us and the other public companies. You have buyers that are short term in nature, which are typically backed by private equity, which will be sold. And then - but they have businesses and then you have private equity firms that are trying to get in that don't have businesses. That's kind of the way I look at the different buckets. And so when you have firms that don't have businesses and they say they want to get in, they may be willing to so-called pay up for a business or for an asset that we would not be able to get our heads and around evaluation. Having said that, as crazy as that sounds, they're willing to take lower returns to put that money to work. So they may project a return of X, but they're willing to take half of X to put that money to work. And so again, we invest for the very long term. We are all about the high-quality people that do the right thing for our customers. And we try to invest in a manner that will build long-term value for all of our stakeholders. So again, the other thing that I do want to mention, which I think purchase price multiples, people say, well, they're up or they're flat or they're high or whatever. And the answer is a purchase price multiple of what, okay. So let's make sure we're clear on that. An investment banker or a business broker can gussy up a pro forma and make it look a lot better than the reality of life. And so it's a multiple of what? Is it a multiple of the real earnings? Is it the multiple of the adjusted earnings? Is it a multiple of what? And so again, I find it very interesting what people will buy based on the projections because we don't think those are true ongoing - it's not an indication of ongoing concern. So that's the way I look at it. Thanks a lot, Robert.
Robert Cox: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our last question from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. My first [Technical Difficulty]
Powell Brown: We're not able to hear you Yaron. Yeah, your headset is breaking up.
Yaron Kinar: Can you hear us?
Andy Watts: Yeah, we can't hear you, Yaron.
Powell Brown: We can't hear you. All right. Why don't we do this, Yaron, why don't you work on your headset. I think we've got another question in queue. We'll take that one and we'll come back.
Andy Watts: There we go.
Powell Brown: Yeah, we can hear you. Go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Better now, sorry about that. My question was around margins or the margin guidance of flat to slightly up. It would be at either end of that range. Is that really going to be driven by the level of organic growth that you'll achieve through year-end? Or are there other drivers that would impact the margin range?
Andy Watts: Yeah, it could be a number of things in there, Yaron. So organic would be one of the drivers. There will be the travel and entertainment costs in the back end of the year, just potential inflation on other operating costs that we have, as well as salary. So it's going to be kind of a combination of all of those together. We haven't put a specific weighting on each one of those in our guidance, but just trying to take all of them into consideration.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then I did have a couple of questions on the M&A front. So one, did I hear you correctly in saying that GRP executed on eight deals since you announced the acquisition? And if so, were those eight deals already contemplated in the guidance?
Andy Watts: No, no. So two different things on that comment. So the eight that we had mentioned, Yaron, those were the ones that they had completed during the second quarter, this year. So we're just trying to give you kind of perspective on the activity that they had. And then they've already completed two or three this quarter already. And all of - almost all of those were anticipated as part of the overall transaction.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then the earn-out for GRP, BdB and Orchid, are those all in local currency? And are they based on EBITDA earned in local currency? And would they be paid out in local currency?
Andy Watts: Where there are earn-outs, yes, those are based in their functional currency.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And final quick one, if I could. Are the margins from GRP BdB and Orchid going to be any different on a U.S. dollar base?
Andy Watts: The margins is - and we mentioned this earlier, we're expecting the margins from those three businesses to be slightly higher than the margins for the segments in which they will operate. In FX should have a minimal impact on the actual margin
Yaron Kinar: Okay
Andy Watts: The margin percentage, sorry, not margin dollar because that will move around.
Yaron Kinar: Right. Understood, thank you.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to last question from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Really quickly, I know it's very thin [ph] can you share what your European current and future colleagues are thinking about economic growth there?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we don't give organic growth guidance. So we - our European teammates look at the environment much the same way we do in terms of the inflation being almost 10% and how that impacts everything from food and gas to supplies to you name it. And so there is a similar feeling there as we have here about being mindful of it. But there is an optimism about the business and our ability to serve our existing customer base and the ability to write new customers and bring new and innovative solutions to them. So I would tell you that, as it relates to the inflationary pressure, I would say they're cautiously optimistic. As it relates to business operations, I would say they're extremely enthusiastic and optimistic.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. And then one last question, just to make sure that we understand it. When we look to National Programs in the first and second quarter of 2023, will the onboarding have any impact there? Or should we look at what you've reported so far the right baseline for next year's revenue?
Andy Watts: If you're impairing the dollars yes, don't compare the growth percentages for our earlier comments because of part of that is making the lap around for the onboarding, but dollars, yes, that would be good to work from.
Meyer Shields: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Andy Watts: Okay. Thank you.
Powell Brown: All right, Ally. We're going to wrap this up, and I'd like to say thank you for everyone joining us this quarter for our earnings call. We're very pleased with our 10.3% organic growth with a slight improvement in our adjusted EBITDAC margins, and we wish you a great quarter, and we look forward to talking to you next time. Good day.
Operator: And with that, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. First Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. All reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Jake. Good morning, everybody and thanks for joining us for our first quarter 2022 earnings call. We delivered another good quarter and are very pleased with our top and bottom line performance. Our consistently high level of performance is driven by our unique culture, whereby approximately 22% of our company is owned by teammates. Since our call on March 8, we've made good progress and are very excited about GRP, BdB and Orchid becoming part of the Brown & Brown team. Their additional capabilities and talented teammates will enhance the solutions we deliver to our customers globally. After that call on the 8th, Barrett Brown, Scott Penny and I spent two weeks traveling around the U.K. and Ireland and met with over 1,000 of our soon-to-be new teammates and visited over 20 locations. After two weeks of engaging with the GRP and BdB teams, we are even more confident about the cultural alignment and are more optimistic about the future. As an update on closing the deals, we're very excited about the closing of Orchid at the end of March. For GRP and BdB, we continue to anticipate closing these acquisitions during the third quarter. Lastly, we completed the financing for these transactions in March. In addition, we published our annual report, ESG report and proxy statement. We encourage everyone to review these documents as each report highlights key aspects of our strategy, our commitment to our ESG initiatives and our philosophies around executive compensation. Now, let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 4. We delivered $905 million of revenue, growing 11% in total and 7.8% organically with good new business and solid retention. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was strong and remained consistent with the first quarter of 2021. Our net income per share for the first quarter was $0.77 on an as-reported basis and $0.78 on an adjusted basis. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. We completed two acquisitions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $65 million, with Orchid being the majority of that amount. In summary, we're very pleased with our strong performance for the first quarter. I'm now on Slide 5. From a customer and market perspective, businesses continue to expand and the economy grew, albeit slow -- at a slower rate than last year. We're seeing some customers beginning to realize initial relief in supply chain issues experienced over the last two years. The main challenges business leaders are managing today are the ability to find enough workers, inflation and rising interest rates. These are putting pressure on margins for many companies across multiple industries and are influencing how leaders invest in their company. From a carrier standpoint, the themes remain fairly consistent as compared to Q1 of '21 and previous quarters which includes the availability of limits for certain classes, heightened pricing sensitivity and increased underwriting rigor for cyber liability and customers with high losses. Consequently, customers continue to modify their deductibles and limits to best manage their premium increases. Admitted market rate increases were similar to prior quarters and were up 3% to 7% across most lines with the outlier being workers' compensation rates which continue to be down 1% to 3%. From an E&S perspective, rate increases continue to be in the range of 10% to 20%. Cat property, both wind and quake, were up 10% to 30%, with some year-over-year moderation experienced on earthquake rates. A topic that's on the minds of many carriers is insurable values as property prices and replacement costs have increased materially over the past couple of years. Professional liability for most accounts remain very challenging with rates up 10% to 20%. Regarding cyber, rates and deductibles continue to increase with carriers requiring effective security protocols in order to obtain coverage. For professional liability and excess umbrella, the themes are consistent with previous quarters. California and Florida personal property placements are becoming even more challenging due to the past losses and aggregate concentrations and we expect the appetite for personal lines in those cat-prone areas will continue to be constrained this year. With that said, we are well positioned to help our customers find creative solutions. I'm now on Page 6. Let's transition to discuss the performance of our four segments. Our Retail, National Programs and wholesale segments delivered another strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 8.9%, 6.1% and 11.6%, respectively. The performance of these segments was fueled by a combination of new business, good retention, rate increases and modest exposure unit improvement. The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 6.2% for the quarter with the main driver being fewer weather-related claims this year. Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide number 7. Like previous quarters, we're going to discuss our GAAP results and then certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the first quarter, we delivered 11% total revenue growth and organic revenue growth of 7.8%. Our net income grew 10.3% or $20.6 million and our diluted net income per share increased by 10% to $0.77. The effective tax rate increased to 16.9% for the first quarter of this year as compared to 16.5% in the first quarter of last year. The higher rate was primarily impacted by the change in the tax benefit associated with shares vesting from our stock incentive plans. We continue to anticipate our full year effective tax rate will be in the 24% to 25% range. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.103 or 10.8% compared to the first quarter of 2021. We're over on Slide number 8. This slide presents our results on an adjusted basis. Previously, our adjusted measures only excluded the change in earn-out payables. Beginning this quarter, we refined our adjusted measures to isolate the impact of movements in foreign currencies on both revenues and operating cost as well as to remove the net gain or loss on disposals. In addition, we're removing the nonrecurring acquisition and integration costs associated with GRP, BdB and Orchid due to the materiality of these costs. We anticipate excluding the cost for these acquisitions for the next 18 to 24 months. Please refer back to Slides 15 and 16 for the reconciliation of these amounts to our most comparable GAAP measures. On an adjusted basis, income before income taxes increased by 11.7%, EBITDAC grew by 11.1% with consistently strong year-over-year margins even with higher variable cost over the prior year and our net income increased by 11.3%. From an expense standpoint, our first and second quarters are probably our toughest year-over-year comparisons as travel and entertainment were increasing in the second half of last year. Our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.78 which grew by 11.4%. In summary, it was another great quarter on the top and bottom line. We're over on Slide number 9. Our Retail segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 14.2%, driven by acquisition activity over the last 12 months and organic revenue growth of 8.9% with solid growth across all lines of business. Adjusted EBITDAC grew 18.4% with the associated margin increasing by 130 basis points for the quarter which was driven by leveraging organic revenue growth and managing our expenses even with increased variable operating cost. Moving over to Slide number 10. Our National Programs segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 4.7% and organic revenue growth of 6.1% with strong growth across many programs. The difference between adjusted total revenues and organic revenues was driven by slightly lower contingent commissions and the sale of a program in the prior year. Adjusted EBITDAC was substantially in line with the prior year with the associated margin declining by 170 basis points to 33.2% as a result of increased variable expenses, higher noncash stock-based compensation and the timing associated with recognizing revenues and costs related to new customers. We're over on Slide number 11. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered adjusted total revenue growth of 13.2%, driven by acquisitions in the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 11.6%. Adjusted EBITDAC increased by 23.2% with the associated margin improving by 260 basis points as a result of strong organic revenue growth and higher contingent commissions despite increased variable cost. Moving on to Slide number 12. Adjusted total revenues in our Services segment decreased by 7.2% and organic revenue declined by 6.2% due to fewer weather-related claims as compared to the prior year. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDAC decreased by $3 million or 25.2% due to variability in the volume of weather-related claims. A few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion. As discussed during our Q4 earnings call last year, we've transitioned to a fiduciary reporting model for cash, accounts receivable and payables held or owed in a fiduciary capacity. The change is to more appropriately reflect the cash flow from operations and the nature of the accounts on our balance sheet. On the cash flow statement, changes in fiduciary receivables and liabilities are presented within financing activities. On the balance sheet, these accounts are labeled as fiduciary assets and liabilities. After delivering another year of strong cash flow in 2021, we started 2022 with a solid performance and delivered cash flow from operations of $104 million. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was 11.5% for the first quarter of this year as compared to 16.9% in the prior year. The ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues was lower than the prior year due to paying higher incentive bonuses to our teammates for their outstanding performance in 2021 and the payment of acquisition earn-outs as certain acquisitions have overperformed our original expectations. As a reminder, the first quarter is normally our lowest conversion ratio of the year due to payments of prior year bonuses. Consistent with our comments at year-end, post our transition to the fiduciary model, a good estimate of full year cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenues should be in the range of 27% to 28%, barring anything unusual. As Powell mentioned earlier, we completed the financing for the acquisitions of GRP, BdB and Orchid. The total deployed capital for these acquisitions will be approximately $2.5 billion. $2 billion of the purchase price will come from the $1.2 billion of new 10- and 30-year bonds we issued in mid-March which carry interest rates of 4.2% and 4.95%, respectively. $800 million will be sourced from a new bank facility we finalized at the end of March. The remainder of the purchase price will come from cash on hand as well as cash generated during the first half of this year. Incremental interest expense for the first quarter was approximately $2 million and we expect interest expense to increase approximately $17 million per quarter going forward as a result of the bonds and bank facility. Our excellent capital position and strong cash flow support our strategy to acquire great companies and also enables us to delever over the coming quarters as we've done in the past after larger acquisitions. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. We finished 2021 with significant momentum which continued into 2022 and enabled us to deliver another great quarter on top and bottom line performance. We believe economic growth will continue to return to more normal levels. However, there are a number of topics that will influence business confidence and economic expansion which are the continued high levels of inflation and rising interest rates. We are also following topics as additional drivers of the economy as: one, availability of employees across all industries; two, the resolution of supply chain constraints; and three, how current global geopolitical matters resolve themselves. How each of these areas play out over the coming quarters will drive the growth trajectory of the economy. This will then influence how leaders invest in their businesses and corresponding exposure unit expansion. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium increases for admitted markets will remain relatively constant for the next few quarters. From an E&S perspective, we expect premium rate increases for the second quarter to be consistent with levels experienced in the first quarter. Depending on weather-related and other losses incurred over the next few months, rates for certain lines may increase further or moderate slightly in the months to follow. In states like California and Florida, premiums are becoming very expensive for certain classes. As a result, customers are managing expenses by modifying deductibles or aggregate limits. On an M&A front, regulatory approval for the closing of GRP and BdB is progressing as expected and we anticipate closing during the third quarter. More broadly, we expect competition and valuations to remain at peak levels until interest rates increase materially. We have a good pipeline. We are actively seeking firms that fit culturally and make sense financially and we're well positioned to deliver value for our stakeholders. From an innovation standpoint, we're making good progress to leverage data in order to enhance the customer experience, streamline the placement of coverage and create new products. We're also working to implement efficiency tools that will enhance the experience for our teammates so they can spend more time delivering solutions for our customers. In closing, we feel great about our business as we continue to expand our capabilities and most importantly, about our 12,000-plus teammates that will soon be nearly 15,000 teammates when GRP and BdB are closed. We're focused on delivering for our customers, writing more new business and acquiring great companies as these will be the key drivers of our long-term growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Jake for the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will begin with Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the margin. You guys have pointed to flat margins for the year. I know, Andy, you guys pointed out that you had tougher year-over-year compares in the first and the second quarter as T&E started to increase in the back half of last year. So since the margins were flat to start the year, does that position you guys to see margins come in better than you originally expected?
Andy Watts: Elyse, I think since we're at the end of the first quarter, similar to the comments last year, we'll probably stick with our current guidance for the full year and then let's see how the next quarter or two round up for us. But the fact that we said flat, that could be up slightly, down slightly for the full year, still seems like a pretty good range at this stage. But we're very pleased with the first quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then my second question, in terms of organic. Retail, you pointed to broad-based growth across the different businesses. Can you give us a sense of how the core Retail business is doing versus benefits in the Q1? And I know last year, you guys showed pretty strong growth in the second quarter in benefits. Should we think about the year-over-year compare being tough? Or would you expect to show good growth in benefits in the second quarter this year as well?
Powell Brown: So Elyse, we are very pleased with the performance of all segments of the business in Retail. And although we don't break out those segments, we're very pleased with how commercial, P&C and benefits and personal lines performed in the first quarter and we anticipate that they will perform well in the second quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last. When you guys announced the GRP deal, you were talking about potentially looking to use that platform to do some other bolt-on deals overseas. Since you announced the deal, do you have any kind of update just on the market that you guys are seeing in U.K. and Ireland and how that could translate into additional M&A opportunities for Brown & Brown?
Powell Brown: What I would say, Elyse, is this, obviously, it's a smaller economy in the sense that there's 66 million people there and I think there's 330 million people in the United States. But there are lots of firms that are in the small and medium space. And the key and GRP has been doing this but -- is to continue to identify firms that fit culturally and make sense financially. And so they are actively looking for opportunities and are actually doing transactions at the present time and we anticipate continuing to do that. But from a standpoint of -- we don't give guidance, as you know, in terms of what we're going to buy or what's in the pipeline. We just -- we don't believe that until it's actually done. But we do think there's going to be some nice opportunities for us there and we're very excited about it and very excited to welcome our soon-to-be new teammates once we get the approval by the FCA.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: And next, we'll move to a question from Greg Peters, Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. Powell, in your comments, you talked about inflation, supply constraints and a mild -- war on talent. There's definitely, it seems to be, within the insurance brokerage sector, a lot of attention to the war on talent. We see periodically teams going from one organization to another. So maybe you could speak to us for a moment about how your producer retention -- teammate retention is holding up. And talk to us about the pressures you might be seeing from the wage inflation perspective as it relates to your teammates.
Powell Brown: Sure, Greg. And I would tell you that several calls ago, I remember talking about the fact that our industry has done a pitiful job of recruiting and developing talent across the platform. Not one firm or one segment but just the industry as a whole has not done a very good job; that's number one. Number two, we're seeing, as you are, lots of people -- particularly a lot of movement in the carrier side. In my years in the business, 30-plus years in the insurance industry, 32, I haven't ever seen it this active on the carrier side. That said, yes, we are seeing people that are moving and sometimes teams are moving to other firms in the brokerage space. And what I would tell you is this, we talk about cultural fit in terms of acquisitions. We also -- that's embedded in the kind of people that we hire and we look for. And so a fundamental core value at Brown & Brown is wealth creation for our teammates. And so as you know, all of our teammates have the opportunity to buy stock through an employee stock purchase plan or the equivalent plan at a discount. And no one is required to do that but we have an ownership culture here where 22-plus percent of the company is owned by Brown & Brown teammates. And we know at least 65% of our teammates own shares at Brown & Brown. We think it's higher but we know that for a fact. So you have an ownership culture which is very unusual particularly in a larger public company. And so the way we think about it is people like to be parts of winning teams. You would like to be a part of a winning team. I would like to be part of the winning team. Andy wants to be part of a winning team. And ultimately, in a decentralized sales and service organization, we believe that we have tapped into something that appeals to a lot of very talented people which is there's a lot of independents at a local level and the kinds of business they go after. But there's a way for them to grow wealth through, one, if you're a producer and hitting certain revenue targets and getting grants and leaders are the same and teammates through discounted share purchases. So do we have turnover and have we had turnover? Yes, we have. Is that turnover more pronounced today than it was two years ago? No, it's not. And that doesn't mean that we're diminishing the impact of it because we don't like to lose teammates. There are talented teammates that sometimes leave Brown & Brown and that's a bummer. But we are always looking for people that want to be part of a winning team at Brown & Brown and we believe that we have the right mix of rewards to drive desired behavior that are aligned with our overall company goals.
Greg Peters: Got it. Just a point of clarification in your answer. You talked about the churn of talent at the carrier level. I'm wondering, are you seeing any disruptive consequence of that with renewals as you think about your total book of business?
Powell Brown: Well, let me put it this way. There's two ways to answer that. The answer at a local office level is when you have change like that, if your underwriter leaves, there's a disruption. It doesn't mean you can't work through it. It just means that they -- somebody may try to re-underwrite the account or something like that or ask more questions that if -- the person that had put the account on the books, they know the account; that's an example. At a higher level, no, I would say we kind of work through it. But at a desk level, the answer is it depends. And in some instances, it can be bumpy. In some instances, it can be more of a smoother transition. It just depends.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the color on that point. I know this is probably getting out a little bit in front of the process but you reported to us that you spent a bunch of time meeting all the colleagues with GRP and BdB. I'm wondering if you can give us -- you're also observing their results. Give us some perspective of how they performed in the first quarter based on what you've been able to see. And I guess what I'm zeroing in on which isn't surprising, is how their organic, how their margin profile, how their free cash flow conversion is going to mesh with you. And I know you've provided some big picture comments on it before but maybe you could use this opportunity to give us another update.
Powell Brown: So, let me thank you for the question. And I'm going to touch -- I'll try to touch on that in a very diplomatic way. And the reason I say that is, number one, we haven't closed the transaction. So it's subject to approval by the FCA. And as we've said, we believe that would occur in the third quarter. They did have a nice first quarter and I'm not going to go into specifics because I don't know all the specifics, I know enough. But this is what I think is important and more important to you but you can't put this in your model. When I go into the offices in these communities around England and Ireland, it reminds me of Brown & Brown 20 years ago. And so for those people that are on the call that understood what we were like 20 years ago, we were a very effective sales and service organization but we continued just add to our capabilities and improve and grow more organically. And we've done some cool things since in the last 20 years. And so I can tell you this, I went in a lot of offices and met a lot of teammates in England and Ireland and they are pumped. And so you know we have a different story than pretty much anybody else out there. And relative to a public company, there aren't many public companies, let alone in the brokerage space but any public company that's got 23%, 22% insider ownership by teammates. So again, we talk about culture. Part of our culture is an ownership culture where we put the interest of the customer first and it's based on a foundation of honesty and integrity. And when you do that, it will always work out for Brown & Brown long term. So I could go on and on about Mike Bruce and his team in England and Silvestro and his team at BdB in London. I'm going to tell you we are very pleased with the teams and are -- can't wait for them to become officially teammates sometime in the third quarter.
Andy Watts: And Greg, to your question about organic and margins, we'll address the organic once the businesses have been in with us. But no change in our previous commentary regarding overall profitability and cash flow conversion for the businesses. As we said back in the early part of March, that has a very similar profile, those businesses and the divisions in which they're going to be part of. So nothing has changed on that front. We're very, very excited about having them be part of the team and adding their capabilities.
Greg Peters: So Andy, on that point, like cash bonuses and the expenses that go through your cash flow in the first quarter, that's similar to what's going on at GRP and BdB, correct?
Andy Watts: For the most part, yes, there is some different phasing but nothing substantially different.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thank you for the answers, guys.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now move to Mark Hughes with Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Just curious on your latest thoughts on the net impact of this volatility. Let's say, in California, in Florida, you're getting these meaningful rate increases but customers are shifting their deductibles and you've got some moving over to, say, Citizens in Florida. Is this -- when we think about the organic growth impact of that kind of dislocation, is this a good organic growth environment? Are you getting faster growth in these markets because of that dynamic?
Powell Brown: So let's back up and first say, in California and Florida and you kind of alluded to this, Mark, that there will continue to be pressure on the state funds or the state-backed alternatives. In the State of Florida, I believe the number as of today is there are four take-out companies that have been downgraded by Demotech and/or wiped out, one or the other. And when I say downgraded, meaning they're saying in filings, they don't believe they can continue on, so that means they're going down. And so what you've got is you've got a lot of turnover in certain sized homes in the State of Florida. And so the governor had a special session and that -- they've got several items on the special session but insurance was one of those topics. And so what our governor is trying to do and our CFO is to make Florida a very -- have choice for consumers and be consumer-friendly, understanding that there are some hurdles that the carriers have had to jump over or through regarding past losses and/or development of losses and/or the future and aggregation of things here in the State of Florida. So what I would say is as it relates to our teammates that work in the personal lines area which is very important, it's going to create more work for them. That's number one. Number two, it becomes sometimes a little bit challenging because you have a very fine customer who's been with a carrier where they probably, in the case of the ones that went down, maybe underpriced the account a little bit. So they're experiencing, that customer, higher-than-expected increases on their insurance, sometimes that leads to them potentially looking at other locations for insurance but not exclusively. We think we can get to every market, so we try to bring all the options to those customers. Does that create some organic growth opportunities? Yes, with a caveat. So I would basically say it's a neutral. I don't want to give you a thing that it's negative, although it's harder on our team. But I also don't want to tell you it's like a bonanza either because it's not. It's sort of -- it's a neutral to slight positive but there's stuff that goes with that.
Andy Watts: Yes. Mark, keep a couple of other things in mind on this. I know you just put out a big research report on the cat properties and everything. There's a number of different factors that go into ultimately what comes out as our commission revenue. And so while the rate online in many cases is, in fact, going up, as we mentioned in our commentary, you've got customers that are looking at deductibles and taking those up. They've got -- they're looking at their total limits that they're purchasing in order to adjust. In the case of Citizens, we're paid a different commission rate than what we are through the other carriers. So there's a lot of factors that go into it. So just because the rate online might go up 15%, it doesn't mean that our commission revenue goes up 15% inside of there. So just try to keep all of those in consideration when thinking about the opportunity in the marketplace.
Mark Hughes: You mentioned on the National Programs, one of the EBITDA impact was from timing of revenue. Does that become more favorable at some point in the near term here?
Andy Watts: Yes. I think over the year, that works out -- one of the comments in there that we made, Mark, was just the onboarding of customers. And we've talked about this in previous calls, is that generally, when we bring on new customers, we're hiring teammates in advance to get them trained and start to prepare to get the account onboard. And then as the revenues start to come into the P&L, then it catches up. So nothing unusual but when you -- sometimes when you look at individual quarters, they can move around.
Mark Hughes: So this was more of a negative quarter, likely to balance out and be more positive at some point in the future?
Andy Watts: That's probably a fair comment, yes.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Moving on to Weston Bloomer with UBS.
Weston Bloomer: Hi, good morning. One of the things you guys touched on in the prepared remarks was on the geopolitical matters and the impact that could have on growth. I was hoping you could provide additional context on that in context to your guidance around the March '22 M&A. Maybe expand on any potential indirect or direct exposures and just help frame the conservatism that was maybe built into that. I understand you can't get into specifics but have you noticed any slowdown in the U.K. or eurozone and related exposures?
Powell Brown: Right. So to the best of our knowledge, we don't have any exposures in Ukraine or Russia, whether that be currently or anticipated with the announced acquisition subject to approval by FCA; that's number one. Number two, what we would say is the impact that we've seen at least through the first quarter is what I would call general inflationary pressure, maybe even consumer pressure, not unlike what we see here west in the United States. So that could be increases on food prices, increases on gas prices, things like that. From an exposure unit standpoint, we have not seen a slowdown in the first quarter. And so -- we believe that will continue. And so remember, there's a balance with what I call general inflationary pressure. The negative is your cost of goods go up, gas, food, clothing, whatever the case may be. The flip side of that is your insureds, if their exposure units are based on payrolls or sales, if the sales price goes up, that could offset slightly the premium paid. If the payrolls go up, that could impact the premium paid when you have wage inflation. So based on what we've seen so far, we think that as I've said, it would be similar to what we've seen here in the United States from an inflationary standpoint. That's how we would answer that question.
Weston Bloomer: Great. That's super helpful. My follow-up is, I guess, on the broader pace of M&A across your portfolio. In the past, you've done around 20-ish deals per year. Just curious on the pipeline you're seeing from here. Is that roughly around the same level that we should expect for 2022? Or could it potentially be lighter given the recent large-scale M&A? Just curious on what you're seeing by size, multiple type of deal.
Powell Brown: Yes. So Weston, I wouldn't get focused so much on the number of transactions. I think that might -- I don't know if that's going to yield the outcome you want. What I would tell you is we generally -- well, not generally, we focus on cultural fit. And when and why people sell is different. And so what I would tell you, you can go back and look at our five year average or 10 year average on revenue acquired. I think that number is somewhere around $135 million a year. But there's going to be certain years, this year would be one of them, that it will be higher than that, subject to the approval and closing of those transactions that we've talked about. But I want you to understand that each deal stands on its own. So the fact that we have done or announced a large transaction, does that dramatically impact our ability or interest in acquiring a nice firm, sized firm here in the United States? And the answer is no, it doesn't. Those are two totally separate decisions about how we invest in the business and we like to think we can do both. So I wouldn't want to focus you on number of transactions. And we don't know how much we're going to do when we start the year. Obviously, what we've announced is much more than $135 million so far, subject to those being approved. But we have lots of opportunities that we're talking with but we don't know when and if those close. And we don't talk about the pipeline because the pipeline isn't what we buy. The pipeline are the opportunities to buy. And so it's ultimately what we close and you'll know about those when we close them.
Andy Watts: Weston, it's Andy. Weston, I think maybe other side of the question that you might be asking is are we out of the M&A market. And can we just say definitive, we're not out of the M&A market. We do have -- and we had this in our prepared comments. We do have adequate capital to continue to buy really good businesses this year. We also anticipate that we'll be able to delever the organization after these transactions. So we feel really good with where we are. Question is just when do the businesses kind of line up for the sale. And they're just -- they're not consistent by quarter for us because of that cultural alignment.
Weston Bloomer: Great, thank you. I really appreciate all the color.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Weston.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now move to Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe a continuation on this M&A front. So if valuations remain elevated at this point, how are you thinking about team hires as another option to bring people in as opposed to outright M&A? Maybe you can help us think about the pros and cons of it and when you prefer a team hire over just purchasing a business.
Powell Brown: Well, I think the way I would articulate that, Yaron, is any time that we find good people, we would consider hiring them. It doesn't have to be at this type of cycle. So we have not done a number of what you might call team lift-outs. That is not how we've built our business. And so that doesn't mean that there aren't people that we would consider hiring. And if the right people wanted to do something, we would consider a way to structure it. But we don't want -- we have contracts that we want our people -- we abide by the contracts and we don't ask somebody to violate contracts when they come to Brown & Brown. And so we expect others to abide by those contracts. So if people want to come or people want to leave, then they can. We -- and so we're really mindful around that. We don't take the actions of we go into it with a legal mindset where it's going to be a legal battle. That's not the way we build our business. We try to do it on up and up. And we basically -- if somebody wants to come, honor the contract that you had with your prior employer and let's go forth and write new business. And then if, in fact, you have covenants, then once those covenants expire, then if you want to go back after that business, you can.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, that's helpful. And then on a totally different topic, going back to Elyse's question in the beginning of the Q&A. You had flat margins in the first quarter. It sounds like you're saying second half of the year, you could see a little bit of alleviating pressure on the margin side and yet, you're maintaining the overall full year guidance as kind of flattish margins. What are the headwinds that you're seeing or that you were potentially seeing that could offset some of the margin expansion in the second half of the year? Is it just slower growth?
Powell Brown: Have you flown on an airplane lately? Have you flown on an airplane lately? I know you have. So the point is did you see how much you had to pay for that ticket?
Yaron Kinar: Yes.
Powell Brown: Okay. So the cost of a hotel room, the cost of a rental car, the cost of an airline ticket, the cost of the gas to put in the rental car, particularly if you go to a place like California where it's $5 and $6 a gallon -- and I'm not trying to be flippant. I'm basically trying to say that there are -- there's pressure on all these inputs. And so I think, quite honestly, that our margins are really good and we're really pleased about where our margins are. And if we deliver flat margins, as we said, at the end of the year, I think that'd be pretty darn good under the circumstances. But there's a lot of variability in terms of costs that are beyond our control. That does not mean, Yaron, that we're saying that we're going to have everybody back traveling exactly like they do. But if you took six people to see a client and now you take two but if it costs two or 3x as much to get the two people there, that kind of offsets a little bit. So that's what I would say relative to the margin profile. And by the way, if we exceed -- if we overperform the flat, that's great. If we underperform slightly, that's all right too. The thing is we are growing our business organically and profitably and more importantly, we're converting that into cash and reinvesting it into our business. So cash conversion, we've talked about this for a long time. We think it's important, I know you do. But I think it's -- we think it's really important, particularly the amount that we convert relative to others convert and our ability to use that cash and invest in our company.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thanks so much for the comments.
Powell Brown: Yes. Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: We'll now move to Derek Han with KBW.
Derek Han: Good morning. Thanks. Just looking at the investment income. Can you just talk about what interest rates matter the most? I would have expected an increase but it looks like it didn't change all that much. And that's why I'm asking.
Andy Watts: Yes. Derek, Andy here. Probably two ways maybe for you to think about that. Let's talk about on the interest income side. As you probably saw, for the quarter, we generated about $100,000 of net interest income. So the movement in interest rates will probably not have a material upside on interest income because there's a lot of factors that go into the net earnings of that because of restricted accounts and bank fees, et cetera, inside of there. So I think maybe that's one way to park it. And then when you look at the debt side of things, is we'll have in the range of about $1.2 billion, $1.25 billion of floating-rate debt out there. So you can get a pretty good idea of kind of what every 1% increase does on there. We think we're well positioned between fixed and floating in order to optimize the interest rates that are out there. And as it relates to the guidance that we gave on the $17 million, we've incorporated our thoughts in there as to probably what will happen with rates over the coming year.
Derek Han: Got it. That was really helpful. And I just had another question on contingents. It looks like the programs contingents were down a little bit, only modestly but the wholesale contingents were actually up. Can you just talk about what's driving that? Why the different directions year-over-year?
Andy Watts: Yes. So let's talk about programs first and those are the ones that can be more volatile in nature. And thus -- to explain the reason why on that, it's because they're tied to individual programs and profitability in volumes. Those can just move up and down and we've seen that over time. So nothing unusual inside of there. Nothing that's changed from a fundamental standpoint in the business. And then on the wholesale side, it's good to see that they're up a little bit but we don't think that we're "out of the woods" and that contingents are going to start going up. They've been down for quite a few years because of overall profitability at the carriers. So good to see up a little bit but that's only one quarter and some of that's just some true-ups from the accruals that we made in the previous year. So nothing real unusual there at this stage.
Derek Han: Got it. Thank you for all the answers.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Mark Hughes, Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Any update on the social security advocacy business?
Powell Brown: The answer is yes, Mark. What I would tell you is there continues to be -- it seems to be slowing down or continuing to be slow in the processing of those claims. And I don't -- we don't see in the near term, near term meaning the next quarter or two, that changing at all. So as I like to say, there continues to be a backup but -- of things and claims to be processed but I don't see the way to clear the pipe efficiently in the near term. So we don't have a significant update on that. Do you have anything else on that, Andy?
Andy Watts: Yes. Maybe think about it in two ways, Mark. One is the inflow into the business and we mentioned this on some previous calls. We're very, very pleased with the volume of potential claims coming to us and the relationships that we have with all of our customers. So inbound is good. So that's an important thing for us as to how we look at the business. Then the question is the number that ultimately get processed by the Social Security Administration and that's kind of the other end of the funnel that just has a constraint on it with the number of employees that they have there at the administration. So it's kind of at a -- we'll call it, somewhat level as to where it was about a year ago. But at least right now, we don't see anything that's going to cause us to believe that they're going to add more resources in the SSA in order to increase the volume. But we've seen this in the past though. We really have. And it goes in a cycle and then there's a backlog there. And then all of a sudden, there'll be some sort of noise that will happen and lo and behold, they'll put additional resources in that it clears out. So it does kind of come in waves but the overall health of the business is very good. We just wait for it to come out on the back end. And it's a cycle.
Mark Hughes: Yes. And then one final question. I don't think you've addressed this directly on this call but the duration of the P&C cycle. You described your outlook for rates to be largely steady, it sounds like, at least for the near term; steady as in steady increases. And that may be a little more optimistic than some of these calls in the past. Any thoughts on the duration of the cycle, what you might have seen here recently that influences your view on the durability of the cycle?
Powell Brown: Okay. So let me clarify ranges and what you just said so we're clear. If you say the rate increases range from 3% to 7% and all of a sudden, the majority of them are 6% and then in the next quarter, the majority of them are 5% or 4.5%, that's a slight moderation in rates, okay? So do we anticipate the rates being in the similar range to what we said? Yes, we do. But I want to make sure that you understand that there's a range there. So I actually say in most classes of business, we're seeing slight moderation in rates but in the same range; that's number one. Number two, Mark, I've only been in the business 32 years. And so in my 32 years, I've not seen anything like what we're in today. So you've read all the other reports on the carriers and they start talking about loss costs are up. Their profitability is up but you have the involvement of significant claims awards outside the so-called normal, if you want to call that, whatever you want to call those huge verdicts. You're also seeing just in terms of juries, particularly in certain areas of the country, being very sympathetic to claimants. And so the carriers are looking at all of that. And I think the carriers are also doing a better job in disciplined underwriting. That does not mean that's going to go on forever. But there is that -- at a certain point, we're going to get to what a friend of ours calls the cheating phase and the cheating phase is where people start undercutting pricing. And so I don't think that's going to happen tomorrow but that's coming. Now there's one caveat that we touched on but I'd like to expand on for a moment. You put a big hurricane into Florida, that makes the market here in Florida significantly different and it's not easy today. So that's number one. Number two, you put a big earthquake into California. That changes the dynamic of earthquake insurance and particularly not only the people that buy it but the rates that are charged. So what I would say is, in the event that there are no major natural disasters -- I'm not talking about windstorms and tornadoes which are tragic and things like that. I'm talking about a big hurricane coming into Texas, Florida, Louisiana, big earthquake. Without that, you will continue to see pricing moderation. If you do see that in any one of those areas, any one of those areas could go into a very chaotic insurance market. So I don't know if that exactly helps you or hurts you but I hope it clarifies our view on -- and by the way, I think that we're going to be -- if you ask me which you didn't exactly, what's it look like for the rest of the year; I think it's slight moderations, subject to any big natural losses.
Mark Hughes: Yes. I appreciate the clarity. Thanks, Powell.
Powell Brown: Thank you. All right. I think we have one -- do we have one more question or more than that. What do we have Jake?
Operator: We have a couple in the queue. We have a question from Michael Phillips, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Hey, thanks for taking me in. Just one for me, guys. Specifically on the national program, you've been pretty clear that replicating the prior two years of 12% to 13% organic is just not in the cards obviously. But can you -- without trying to give specific numbers, just help us -- remind us of things to think about for how the rest of the year could play out as we compare the rest of the year to kind of the 6% that you did in this quarter.
Powell Brown: All right. So Michael, it's Powell. Think about National Programs as a couple of buckets. One of those buckets is, let's say, catastrophic exposure, quake, wind, the like. So your ability to grow in that market is going to be dictated by the availability of capacity. So if you don't get new capacity, you will have potentially slight increases on your existing book but you will not write new business. And if some of that moves to another market, then that moderates your growth. So what I want you to think about is a component of National Programs is dependent on capacity, one. Two, think about what Andy said earlier in our loan tracking business. You have a business where you have several portfolios that were sold in a quarter. We didn't know when the portfolios are going to be sold, just like we don't know when the portfolios are being purchased. So that can go both ways. It was a little bit of a negative this quarter. If one of our clients bought a bunch of portfolios in the second quarter, then -- or the third quarter, we could have a slight uptick. Then I want you to think about a big part of our National Programs is flood, okay? Flood just went through a re-rating. It's 2.0. So that's a nice way of saying certain flood zones were remapped. There were certain things that were charged that maybe weren't charged before or they are charging less for them now. So in the event that nothing has changed and your flood insurance goes up significantly, some people might, might, living in a flood zone, consciously decide not to buy flood. Now I know that sounds hard to believe but the answer is they might. So the rest of our National Programs would be those that are, let's say, casualty-driven. So we have a dental program, as an example and we write dentists through administrators around the country and that's the professional liability on dentists. So is there a lot of rate pressure on dentists? Well, I'm not aware of that. I mean your professional liability exposure is did you pull the wrong tooth, did you -- did someone get infection in their mouth, something of that, or did somebody slip in the hallway on the way to the dental chair. But the performance of that program has been pretty good over time but there are lots of other people that want to write that class of business. So that's a long-winded answer, Michael, on saying that the portfolio of businesses in National Programs is very indicative of an insurance company that we don't bear risk in. That's how you think about it. So remember, we are underwriting on behalf of our carrier partners and we have to make them money. So depending on whichever bucket you are referring to that I just outlined, they each have different pros and cons going into the year -- the rest of the year; that's how I describe it.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you, Powell. Thats very helpful. I appreciate your time.
Powell Brown: Yes. Have a nice day. This will be our last question, Jake.
Operator: We have one final question in the queue. We'll hear from Elyse Greenspan for a follow-up from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you. Andy, my question, on -- when you guys announced the GRP deal, right, you gave us a low and a high case on the financials. The interest expense seems just modestly higher. I'm assuming everything else stays in place and that you guys will kind of update that when the deal's closed but any kind of update you can give us now?
Andy Watts: Not at this stage. I think you're spot on, Elyse. Once we get the deal closed which, again, we're anticipating for both GRP as well as BdB in -- sometime during the third quarter, then what we'll do is applicable updates for projections once we just have more information. Again, we can only get so far since we don't own the businesses yet. So we'll adjust accordingly. And the interest rate, it is up a little bit but probably still within the overall ranges that we gave.
Elyse Greenspan: And then for the integration costs, I know -- I think they were in corporate this quarter. Will they continue -- I know you backed them out of adjusted in the margin but will they remain within corporate even after the deal closed? Or when will they shift to the Retail segment?
Andy Watts: Yes. If you look in the back of the earnings deck, we've actually got a schedule in there that breaks them down by each of the divisions. So we did have costs in more than other or corporate. And going forward, they may be in different places but the schedule will be able to break that right out for you nice and clearly.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Andy Watts: Yes, thank you.
Powell Brown: That would be it. Thank you all very much. I want to let you know that we're very excited about our performance in Q1 and look forward to another good performance in Q2. We're very pleased with the outlook on the business, the margin profile of the business, the M&A opportunities and most importantly, all of our teammates. As I said, we have just over 12,000 teammates today going to just under 15,000 when we close the BdB and the GRP deals. So we look forward to talking to you at the end of next quarter. You all have a nice day and thank you for your time.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, such factors, including the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from the time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the Investor Relation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar and Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Serge. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. I wanted to begin with some overarching comments regarding our outstanding performance for the fourth quarter and the full year. 2021 was a year of milestones for Brown & Brown with revenue surpassing $3 billion, double-digit organic growth of 10.4%, EBITDAC exceeding $1 billion and cash flow from operations of approximately $950 million.  Even with all the challenges that faced the economy during 2021, our team performed at a very high level. We are extremely pleased with our results, which are only possible through the incredible efforts of our nearly 12,000 teammates. The confidence that our customers entrust with us each day and the deep relationships with our carriers.  Now let's transition to the results for the quarter and the full year. I'm on Slide 3. We delivered total revenue of $739 million, growing 15% in total and 9% organically. Our EBITDAC margin was 29.2%, which is an increase of 210 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2020. Net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.36 on an as-reported basis and on an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, which was $0.42, an increase of 31.3% over the prior quarter. During the quarter, we completed another 8 acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $67 million. We welcome all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter and throughout 2021 and thank them for their contributions to our results.  I'm on Slide 4. For the year, we delivered over $3 billion in revenue, growing 16.8% in total and 10.4% organically. This was the highest level of organic growth we've achieved since the early 2000s when we were much smaller and less diversified. Today, we're a highly diversified retail and wholesale broker, one of the largest operators of MGAs and operate a number of great claims businesses. Our geographical footprint is also expanding as we operate throughout the United States, Bermuda, Canada, the Cayman Islands, Ireland and the United Kingdom. We plan to grow and enhance our capabilities over the coming years and continue to deliver our industry-leading results. We improved our EBITDAC margin by 240 basis points to 33.5% compared to 2020 as we leverage the growth in organic revenue and manage our expenses, while we continue to make investments in our business to support long-term profitable growth. Our net income per share for the full year of 2021 increased 22.5% to $2.07. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, our net income per share increased 31.1% to $2.19. Lastly, we had another good year of M&A activity, completing 19 acquisitions with approximately $132 million of annualized revenue, continuing our disciplined strategy to acquire top quality businesses that fit culturally and make sense financially. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail.  I'm on Slide number 5. From a customer and market perspective, business confidence continues to improve slowly. Business leaders are cautious due to the emergence of the Omicron variant, which represents another hurdle in the overall growth of the economy.  For many industries, challenges continue to be the ability to find and retain employees, supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures. Ultimately, these factors are impacting how quickly companies can grow. From a placement standpoint, the themes were pretty consistent as compared to previous quarters, which included heightened pricing sensitivity and coverage availability for cyber liability or customers with high losses. As a result, customers continue to modify their risk management programs to best control premium increases. Admitted market rates increased consistently with prior quarters and were up 3% to 8% across most lines with the outlier of your -- being workers' compensation rates, which are -- which continue to be down 1% to 3%. From an E&S perspective, most rates continue to be up 10% to 20%. CAT property, both wind and quake, were up 10% to 30% with some moderation experienced an earthquake rates.  Professional liability for most accounts remain very challenging with rates up 10 to 15-plus percent or more. Regarding cyber, rates and deductibles in many instances have increased dramatically with carriers requiring enhanced security protocols to obtain coverage. For professional liability, cyber and excess umbrella, we continue to see carriers reduce limits while seeking significant rate increases.  Similar to previous quarters, California and Florida placements for personal lines remained challenging due to the losses or aggregate concentrations. We expect the appetite for personal lines in CAT areas to continue to be constrained into 2022, which will likely put pressure on state-sponsored programs, and the cost of insurance for the customer.  I'm now on Slide 6. Let's discuss the performance of our 4 segments. Our Retail segment had another very good quarter, delivering organic growth of 9.5%. The performance was fueled primarily by growth from most lines of business through a combination of new business, good retention, rate increases and modest exposure unit improvement. Retail organic revenue growth for the full year was a very stout 11%, which is the first time we've delivered double-digit full year organic growth in over 20 years. These outstanding results are reflective of the benefits from the multiyear investments we've made, our powerful decentralized sales and service model and our high performance-based culture that leverages our capabilities to provide innovative solutions to win and retain more customers. For the fifth consecutive quarter, our National Programs segment grew double digits, delivering excellent results and growing 10.4% organically in the fourth quarter. This performance was driven by strong new business, good retention, rate increases and increasing exposure units across many of our programs. For the full year, National programs grew organically 12.4%. The team continues to fire on all cylinders, creating new capabilities and delivering best-in-class solutions for our customers.  Our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 8.3% organically for the quarter due to strong new business, good retention and continued rate increases despite ongoing headwinds in our personal lines business. For the full year, our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 8.1% organically, delivering another good year.  Our Services segment grew 1.2% organically for the quarter with growth in property, auto and workers' compensation claims, which was partially offset by continued headwinds in our advocacy businesses. For the full year, organic revenue increased by 3%.  Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide #7. My previous quarters, we're going to begin with our GAAP results and then discuss certain non-GAAP financial highlights, which present additional meaningful year-over-year comparisons.  For the fourth quarter, we delivered 15% total revenue growth and organic revenue growth of 9%. Our EBITDAC increased by 24%, which was driven by leveraging our revenues and the continued management of our expenses. During the quarter, we recognized gains on sales of certain businesses or books of business that benefited the growth in EBITDAC margins by approximately 50 basis points.  Our income before income taxes increased by 7.6%, growing at a slower pace than EBITDAC due to the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. While these adjustments had a negative impact on income before income taxes and earnings per share, they highlight how recent acquisitions are performing better than our expectations.  On an as-reported basis, our net income increased 4.5% and diluted net income per share increased by 5.9% to $0.36. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 27.8%, which was negatively impacted by the nondeductibility of a change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables associated with an acquisition where we purchased the shares of a business. Our weighted average number of shares were substantially flat compared to the prior year, and our dividends per share increased to $10.03 or 10.8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. We're over on Slide #8. This slide presents our results after removing the impact of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. The charge was $19.8 million in the fourth quarter of this year compared to a credit of $9.5 million for the same period in 2020. Excluding these amounts, which are substantially noncash in nature, income before income taxes and net income increased by 32.3% versus total revenues growing 15%. Our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.42, which grew by 31.3%. In summary, it was another very strong quarter on the top and bottom line.  We're over on to Slide #9. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 15.3%, and our contingent commissions and GSCs were up $5.3 million as we qualified for certain additional contingents and GSCs primarily in the National Programs segment. Our organic revenue, which excludes the net impact of M&A activity and foreign exchange increased by 9% for the quarter.  We're over on to Slide #10. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 19.1%, driven by acquisition activity over the last 12 months and organic revenue growth of 9.5% with strong growth across most lines of business. EBITDAC grew 25% and with the margin increasing by 120 basis points for the quarter, which was driven by leveraging organic revenue growth and managing our expenses even with increased variable operating cost. The change in income before income tax as compared to the change in EBITDAC is impacted by fluctuations in intercompany interest, amortization, depreciation and estimated acquisition earn-out payables, which is applicable for all segments.  We're over on to Slide #11. Our National Programs segment increased total revenues by 12.6% and organic revenue by 10.4%. The increase in total revenue was driven by strong organic growth across many programs and increased contingent commissions. EBITDAC increased by 25.4% with the margin improving 420 basis points as a result of strong organic revenue growth, managing our expenses, higher contingent commissions and a gain on the sale of one of our businesses. The gain on the sale benefited margin improvement by approximately 250 basis points. Over to Slide #12. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 12.4%, driven by acquisitions in the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 8.3%. EBITDAC increased by 14%, with the margin improving by 40 basis points as a result of good organic revenue growth, the impact of the foreign exchange charge recorded in the prior year managing our expenses despite higher variable costs. Over to Slide #13. Our Services segment increased total revenues by 0.5% and organic revenue by 1.2%. For the quarter, EBITDAC decreased by 18.3% due to the mix of revenue growth in the businesses, along with certain investments to support future growth. We're over on to Slide #14. This slide represents our GAAP results for both years. In 2021, we delivered revenues of over $3 billion, growing 16.8% and earnings per share of $2.07, growing 22.5%. EBITDAC increased by 25.5% and the margin increased by 240 basis points. For the year, our share count increased slightly in our dividends paid during 2021 increased by 9.2%. The results for 2021 were just simply outstanding. Over to Slide #15. This slide presents our results excluding the impact of the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. For the full year of 2021, on an adjusted basis, our income before income taxes grew 29.6% and net income per share was $2.19, growing 31.1% as compared to total revenue growth of 16.8%.  A few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion. In addition to our strong revenue and income performance metrics, we also had another great year for cash generation delivering $948 million of cash flow from operations. Among publicly traded brokers, Brown & Brown continues to deliver the highest cash flow conversion which we define as cash flow from operations divided by total revenues.  We also finished the year in a strong liquidity position. With this capital the cash we will generate in 2022 as well as the capacity on our revolver, we are well positioned to fund continued investments in our company. We've got a few comments regarding outlook for 2022. First, regarding contingent commissions, we anticipate them to be relatively flat year-over-year. As it pertains to taxes, we expect our effective tax rate for 2022 to be in the range of 24% to 25%. This does not take into consideration any potential changes in federal or state tax rates. We anticipate interest expense may increase slightly depending upon the frequency and magnitude of Fed rate increases this year. For reference, our floating rate debt is less than $500 million.  In the first quarter of 2022, we'll be transitioning to a fiduciary reporting model for cash, accounts receivable and payables held or owed in a fiduciary capacity. This change is to reflect the nature of the accounts more appropriately on our balance sheet and reduce volatility in the cash flow from operations. On the balance sheet, we'll label them fiduciary assets and fiduciary liabilities. In the cash flow statement, changes in fiduciary cash will be presented within financing activities.  For 2021, our conversion ratio of revenues to cash flow from operations was 31%. Taking into consideration the upcoming change, it would have been approximately 27% to 28%. Starting in the first quarter of '22, will present the prior periods on the same basis.  And then lastly, regarding EBITDAC margins, we've communicated in the past that we believe our margins should be in the 30% to 35% range. We feel good about our current profile after increasing margins by 350 basis points over the past 2 years. For 2022, while we'll have some headwinds from increasing variable costs, we are targeting margins to be relatively flat year-over-year, barring something unusual happening.  With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, great report. We had an outstanding 2021. We're well positioned to deliver profitable growth this year and are confident in our ability to execute.  As the economic growth starts to return to more normal levels, there are several issues that will influence business confidence in the economy, which include the availability of employees across all industries, the resolution of supply chain constraints, inflation, interest rate increases, resolution of global geopolitical matters and the continued management of COVID. How and when each of these play out over the coming quarters will influence the trajectory of the economy, how leaders invest in their businesses and exposure unit expansion. With that being said, we feel really good about our business and the ability for our team to perform well this year. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium increases to remain relatively constant or may moderate downwards slightly in the first half as compared to the second half of '21. The main challenge for many E&S lines of coverage will be the availability of capacity, which may impact some of our growth in 2022.  A few comments regarding the M&A market. Until interest rates increase materially and capital becomes constrained, we expect competition and valuations to remain at peak levels. We continue to feel good about our positioning and have a solid pipeline to attract great companies to join the Brown & Brown team. Our continued disciplined approach of focusing on culture and financial alignment will be the keys to our long-term success of delivering shareholder value.  We think the market will further evolve in 2022 as it pertains to innovation and the experience for the customer. As a result, differentiated utilization of data, collaboration and technology to attract and retain customers will be even more important. The combination of these will enhance the underwriting process, provide more tailored solutions, improve the delivery of insurance and how we engage with our customers and carriers. We have a very talented team that continues to be focused on the most important deliverables to enhance the solutions we provide for our customers.  In closing, we feel great about our business, our capabilities and most importantly, our team. We're making thoughtful investments in allocating capital to drive long-term profitable growth.  With that, let me turn it back over to Serge for the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Mark Hughes from Cures.
Mark Hughes: Powell, on organic growth front, I know you don't provide specific guidance, but you've had a very strong year in 2021, double digits. How do you think that impacts 2022? Does that make for a tougher comp? Or with still good pricing tailwinds too, does the organic outlook look a little bit better than your historical norm?
Powell Brown: So we think about it in several fronts, Mark. One, there was -- if you know, GDP was, I think, 6.7% in '21. So we believe there will probably be a moderation in GDP slightly. So when you go back to some sort of normal level, yes, we believe so.  Two, inflation; 3, interest rates; and four, availability of employees to our customers. And so you put all those together, and we believe that it's going to be another good year, but as you said, we don't give organic growth guidance. And to have a year where we did 10.4%, we were extremely happy and very, very pleased with the performance. But we also understand that last year there were some unusual factors and how some of those moderate this year, how and when they moderate, we don't know.
Mark Hughes: Understood. And then one other question. You had mentioned the appetite on the part of carriers for some of the CAT-exposed personal lines that maybe that is a constraint in 2022. When you think about your business, net-net, presumably you're getting rate increases, which would be a benefit, but maybe some shift into, say, citizens, which would be more of a headwind. How do you think about this, the CAT-exposed market? Is it the -- is this incrementally better for you, all things considered?
Powell Brown: Yes. Let me make sure that we're clear. We talk mostly about CAT personal lines, but it's not exclusively CAT personal lines, there are admitted personal lines issues in California and Florida. So I think it's important, and those are big name companies that you might have your personal lines with that are taking what you might say, is dramatic action in some instances.  Having said that, I think that it is -- it places a lot of pressure on our teams to be able to deliver palatable product in some instances, particularly if you live in a buyer -- a burn zone or a brush zone, as I call it in California or here in Florida on the coast, particularly if you have an older home or not, the construction is not that good. That's a nice way of saying I think it will continue to be a headwind in wholesale, as we've alluded to. I think in retail, it's probably a push. That's how I would -- but a little bit on the negative, probably a little bit pressure in retail, but that's what -- Andy, were you going to say --
Andy Watts: Yes, Mark, I think we're probably also within programs just because that's primarily where we really see the impact on the quake and the wind programs depending upon what the capacity looks like in '22, that could represent a little bit of a headwind. There's a lot of discussions going on right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I'm going to go back to organic growth, recognizing you guys don't give guidance. You guys did start off 2021 with some pretty impressive growth within your Retail segment that I -- if I'm remembering correctly, it was driven off of some pretty good benefits results and some new business wins that you guys had. So can you just talk to us about how we should think about the growth in that business as you lap some pretty impressive comps, right, because you saw some really strong growth to start 2021?
Powell Brown: So remember, we don't break out the growth by line of business in our retail segment. Having said that, I would tell you that we were pleased with the performance, and we continue to think that, that line of business, along with the other lines of business can perform very nicely this year. And so I don't -- I'm not -- I don't want to -- I'm not trying to take you off in one direction or another relative to retail and specifically employee benefits.  I think the important thing is this, I know that you want, everybody on this call is looking for organic growth guidance, and we just don't give it. And the answer is we were very pleased with our performance last year, and we know that we're well positioned for this year, subject to the things that I just talked about with Mark's question relative to GDP growth, inflation, interest rates and availability of employees.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Maybe I'll try -- maybe shifting to the margin side, right? So Andy, I think you said you guys are targeting flat margins in '22 and some headwinds from variable costs you did mention. So when you came up to that kind of flat in totality, can you just help us think about what you were thinking in terms of organic and revenue growth or just how you came up to that figure, recognizing that there could be some greater leverage, obviously, the greater growth you would show in 2022?
Andy Watts: I think you've hit on all of the key items that we evaluated. As we looked at '22 and trying to give the guidance for it, is based upon the overall growth of the business, the mix of the business inside, changes in variable costs, which will probably go up in 2022. And then just how we manage our costs through the year. I think we feel comfortable right now at this stage, as we mentioned, barring something unusual happening that we'll manage our way through increasing variable costs and should end up with margins around flat for 2022. Again, we think that will be a very, very good year, considering the 350 basis points of expansion that we did over the last 2 years. 
Powell Brown: But as you know, we're not going to answer your question. I like your backwards way of asking it, but we're not going to answer your growth question.
Elyse Greenspan: And then just one last quick one, Andy. I think you usually talk to noncash stock-based comp in like your outlook and guidance figures. Any sense you can give us on noncash stock-based comp in '22 relative to '21?
Andy Watts: Yes, it will probably go up a little bit, but again, nothing overly material. Otherwise, we would have called it out.
Operator: Greg Peters, Raymond James.
Greg Peters: I guess the first question I will focus on will be, you did provide some guidance around profit sharing and contingent being flat for '22 relative to -- or close to flat for '22 versus '21? And I guess I'm trying to understand the mechanics of that. I mean the -- as you know, well know, and have talked about the market's been pretty hard, especially on the commercial line side, and it seems like personal lines is also there. Why wouldn't profit sharing go higher as the carriers profitability improves? And maybe you can just give us some background information on why you think it's going to be flat, those line items would be flat for this year?
Powell Brown: And as you know, this last year was a very active loss year for the insurance industry, not just in CAT-prone areas. And so although your thought process is logical, I don't think it's applicable in this instance because what you have is, you have things where terms -- I'm not a big fan of them, but things like social inflation, nuclear verdicts and things like that. I don't typically use those, but those are real. And so I would tell you that the industry, the carriers are doing better. And if, in fact, interest rates were to go up that would help their performance, but the losses and the loss costs continue to go up. And so we believe it will probably be more flattish barring something that we don't see.
Andy Watts: And Greg, when we made that comment, we try to look across the 3 segments that participate in contingents and GSCs. And we're still not seeing movement in the wholesale space yet. I think your comment is one of shouldnt we already, but honestly, we would have thought that a couple of years ago, and we still are not seeing a move. So that's why we think at least flat for right now seems like a pretty reasonable approach.
Greg Peters: Got it. I just had a follow-up on your answer. Can you give us like the split between what's personal lines and what's commercial lines just as a big picture percentage in terms of profit sharing and guaranteed supplementals. And then, Powell, in your answer, you mentioned interest rates, I would have figured that these type of numbers would have been based on underwriting results, exclusive of investment income?
Powell Brown: Let me take the last question first. The answer is, that's true. But I'm just talking about the overall results of the carriers could improve, and yes, they are involved based just on -- well, profit sharing is based on underwriting results of the carrier, not investment income, that's correct. So Andy, do you want to add to that?
Andy Watts: Yes, Greg. On your first question, we just break out contingents and GSCs by each of the segments, which we do in the MD&A section. But we don't break it out by the different lines of business.
Greg Peters: Got it. Okay. My second question is on the free cash flow number, which was a phenomenal result, especially if you look at the growth rate. And then you talked about your change in accounting moving fiduciary cash around. When helping us work through the moving pieces when we think about cash flow for '22, if we -- it sounds like it's going to be down for the [month] because the change in accounting, but maybe I'm missing something and maybe you could provide us just some additional color there.
Powell Brown: Yes. So Greg, I think what we're trying to do with this one is based upon the timing of receipts and disbursements to the -- from the customers and the carriers, we do get volatility in our cash flow from operations. And you can see that this year and specifically in the fourth quarter, and we've had these in the past, it moves around.  So what we want to be able to do with the new fiduciary reporting is we'll take that -- those movements in the fiduciary assets liabilities, put those down in the financing section. So therefore, cash flow from operations is reflective of our direct management of our working capital, okay?  So that's why we gave the reference of that 27% to 28% on a conversion. That's a pretty good range, we think, on a go-forward basis. But don't view that, Hey, went from 31% to 27% or 28%, that's a negative. That could flip right back around in Q1. That's the whole volatility factor of fiduciary.
Greg Peters: And just to follow up, the 27% to 28%, is that a full year number? Or is that sort of the target range of expectation we should expect every quarter? I would imagine there would be some volatility going around that quarters?
Powell Brown: Yes, definitely by the quarter. So that's a full year guidance. But if you look back you'll be able to get an idea by the quarters when just based upon the EBITDAC that we deliver each quarter. You'll got a pretty good idea of how that will flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Wolfe Research.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. Just for Andy, I think the '24 to '25 tax guides up a point or so from the previous tax guide, is this just kind of variability? Or like is it 24% to 25% the potential new normal?
Powell Brown: Mike, the -- when we looked across kind of all of our blended effective state tax rates, they are inching up about 1% going into 2022. So that's why in '21, we have given the range of 23% to 24%. And at least what we can see right now, we think 24%, 25% is a pretty good range and that's barring if anything else happens at the Fed or State level.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Great. Understood. So some pressure, I guess, from certain states. Okay. And next question is on -- we get a lot of questions on wage inflation, which is one of your main expenses. Maybe you can kind of talk about what BRO is  Brown & Brown is seeing in terms of wage inflation and expense management has been used in a number of the prepared remarks. Maybe you can kind of talk about whether expense management is alleviating if there are any kind of upward impetus on wage inflation?
Andy Watts: Okay. I'll take that. So as you know, Mike, our goal is to grow our business and grow it profitably. So we're focused on profitable growth over a long period of time. So we don't have a lot of extra expenses that we're trying to take out. So we don't think of it as expense control, we believe that our expenses are controlled.  Having said that, yes, we are absolutely encountering wage inflation. And it's not just in areas that are bigger cities. It's kind of across the board. And where and how much that impact is occurring is dependent on a bunch of factors. But what we're trying to do is our business, as you know, is a very localized sales and service business where local leadership addresses compensation needs as they see fit in order to keep the best people -- to reward the best people for their efforts and doing a good job for our customers. So we will work through this.  We're not going to give a number and say, this is exactly how much it is because in different markets, it's different and we don't give an aggregate number. But we are working our way through it. We are absolutely subject to the pressures of it that anybody else right now is. I think that I've read recently that we're in a somewhere between a 30- to 40-year low in terms of labor shortage across all industries. And I'm not going to say that's indicative exclusively of our industry, but I'm saying the industry hasn't done a very good job of reinvesting in the teams that are there. We feel really good about our team, and we are going to continue to reward people appropriately.  And as you know, one of the fundamental trademarks of our business is wealth creation for all teammates. So all of our teammates are able to buy stock at a discount and they can -- they've been able to participate in the appreciation of the equity, which has helped them and their families. And so that's part of the overall compensation, not just cash comp and every teammate is able to participate in that. So we think that's really important.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. Finally, one last follow-up. I think it's a thank you for Andy, for moving out of fiduciary, some income impacts from the cash flow. Just curious, if U.S. Fed fund rates or overnight rates do rise over the coming year to 2 years, does BRO benefit a little bit from making a margin on fiduciary assets?
Powell Brown: We do a little bit Mike, but honestly, probably by the time you take all of it together between the fiduciary, our other cash and then an increase in our borrowing. You're probably about to push anyway.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Mike Phillips: I want to stick with the theme of pressures on recruiting. And I guess, wage inflation as well there. I guess maybe 2 questions on that. Any impact on the current quarter because of that? In other words, organic would have been X were it not for that or margins would have been X if it were not for that? And then is there any impact on that on M&A multiples? Does this actually help the M&A multiples because folks that maybe otherwise would have sold or maybe more willing to sell because of their own pressures on wage inflation?
Powell Brown: So no meaningful impact in Q4. And no, it doesn't impact purchase price multiples. And I'm not trying to be funny, but I'm saying the short answer is it's still frothy relative to the M&A market.
Mike Phillips: Okay. Yes, sure. It feels like there's still plenty of maybe PE firms out there kind of trying to chase it. So that's probably a bigger impact, keeping as high. That's just --
Powell Brown: Yes. Short-term money, that's right.
Mike Phillips: Yes. Okay. The second question is still kind of related to that recruiting issue, a little bit with that in the backdrop, here this question. How does that influence -- how do you think about prioritizing investments for the coming year? You mentioned customer experience in tech, how does that -- how do you weigh those kind of investments with possible hiring given the impact on recruiting? And so just kind of prioritizing your investments priorities for the year?
Powell Brown: Sure. Remember, we do 3 things with the money that we earn. One, we reinvest it in ourselves, meaning hiring new people and investing in technology that can help drive not only efficiency but experience both for teammates and customers to a higher and better level. Two, we acquire businesses; and three, we return it to shareholders in the form of dividend. And sometimes, if we believe the stock price is undervalued, we would buy some back.  That said, we have and Andy and I have talked about, made some concerted technology investments over the last several years, and we'll continue to do so, but it's not as though we're going to make one big investment. And we are going to do that in a very thoughtful way in how we do that because any organization can only withstand a certain amount of change from a technology standpoint.  So nice way of saying it, we think it's all about people and the right firms. So we will probably do a mix depending on what becomes available. And if we find the right firms that fit culturally and make sense financially of hiring people, to add to our existing team and acquiring businesses that fit culturally and make sense financially.
Andy Watts: Mike, just a couple of things for you to think about there also is inflation is going to move up and down over time, as you know well, right? The ability to just throw technology at things just doesn't happen overnight. So if you recall, I mean when we started on some of the investments back in 16, one of the areas inside of there was about how do we improve the experience for our teammates and the work that they have to go through and do each day. So we've been on this journey for a number of years. I think those investments that we've made in the past have actually helped position us even better for working through times like this.
Operator: Yaron Kinar from Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar : So my first question is, can you maybe spend a little more time discussing the impact of the pullback of insurers from the standard homeowners market in California on the various segments. I guess it's not intuitive to me that that would be a negative to the wholesale business. I would have thought that the pullback from standard markets into the E&S market would be positive for wholesale?
Powell Brown: Yes. Let's talk about that. And you're referencing there was an article, I think it was last week, where there were several large admitted carriers that were pulling back on thousands of personal lines accounts in California, particularly high end and super high-end values. These are 5 and 10 and $15 million coverage A or the home value and up. So I was thinking about those, Yaron, in 2 distinct capabilities. Number one, the scenario is, in retail, it puts pressure on the organic growth of personal lines there if you're not able to find a replacement or if you do move it to wholesale, it's at lower commission. That's number one. And number two, the E&S market, the impact on the E&S market is independent although some of that business, you're right, will move into the E&S market. But there is such another impact in the burn area -- the brush zones and some of these other zones that there continues to be a downward pressure on that segment for wholesale.  So I want to make sure that I'm clear. Your assessment is correct initially, which is, yes, it could be more positive for wholesale. However, there is a bigger impact on wholesale in those 2 areas. So I don't think that, that group of -- let's make that up, 25,000 homes flowing in, is going to offset the other homes that are being impacted and potentially have to go to the fair plan. That's our impression right now. Now something may change. If one of those large carriers takes more draconian action, which I don't think they will, because there's only so much you can do -- the insurance regulator in the State of California will let you do at a time, because if they were to take more dramatic action if that was necessary, then the regulator may say something like you can't write in the state of California, which is not what they want.
Yaron Kinar : Got it. That's very helpful color. I appreciate that. And then my second question is going back to the prepared comments, I think what you had referenced there was that organic growth in '22 could be impacted by your clients' ability to hire. I guess what I'm trying to get to is what about Brown & Brown's ability to hire? And will the company be willing to forgo some organic growth because it's not willing to spend more on more expensive hires?
Powell Brown: Well, let me make it clear. We're very focused on people that fit culturally with Brown & Brown. And so we are going to continue to invest in people that embellish our capabilities either existing or new capabilities and embody the characteristics of the team that we've assembled.  And so having said that, that does not mean that we are not impacted by hiring and the impact of wage pressure, but we are going to continue to invest in the right people when the right people come along, because usually, I think of it as it's fairly simple. When you meet somebody that's so good that you can't afford not to hire them then you just hire them, and we'll figure out how to make it work in the budget. And so that's the way we look at it, and we will continue to look at it that way.
Andy Watts: Yes, Yaron. I mean you've heard us make comments in the past that while the quarterly results are important, we're not in this game for the 90-day sprint, we're in this for the long term. And so that would be extremely unusual that we would make a trade-off on a good investment just to try to make a number for the quarter. That's just not how we run our business.  We think we've got good people or technology investments or whatever the case might be, we think that moves the ball forward over the long term, we're going to make those investments. That's a good thing for our company. That's out there. So again, we're not foreshadowing anything, just saying this is how we think about running the organization and how all of our leaders make investments in the businesses.
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields: I want to start, I guess, with a follow-up on the last question. There's a fair amount of the compensation expense that Brown & Brown has is paying producers a percentage of the revenues that they bring in. Is that percentage being impacted by the sort of national workers orders that we keep hearing about?
Powell Brown: No. Remember, that's part of the reward plan you are paid -- as it relates to a producer, you get paid commissions, and there's also an equity component, which is a long-term wealth creation component that producers qualify for -- based on their performance. So it's a combination. It's not just a cash reward system. It's a cash and equity reward system.
Meyer Shields: Understood. I'm thinking that, that should mitigate the impact of rising wages on the overall income statement if that -- 
Powell Brown: No, don't think of it that way, Meyer. It's -- remember, there's a lot of people who are teammates that are paid on a salary plus a bonus or whatever the case may be. And so with roughly 12,000 teammates. There's a lot of people that are on salary, so that would impact their income.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's helpful. I didn't think it would be real. Second question, going back to organic growth. I just want to understand it. If you have a year with phenomenal organic growth. And there's nothing unusual in the timing of that? In other words, it's not as though you had like one-off revenues, would that have any implication on the following year's organic growth? In other words, isn't it just raising the rates?
Powell Brown: Well, let me ask you this. If you have a year where interest rates are close to 0 and the Fed stimulates with trillions of dollars into the economy, at some point that starts to change. And so when that changes, i.e., you have a more normal or historical growth level. Let's talk about GDP for a moment, because our business is more of a reflection of GDP or plus or minus GDP, number one.  Number two, when interest rates do go up, it's not if. And then when inflation is present, and it's higher than the Fed would want to acknowledge, those all impact the organic growth in subsequent quarters or years. That doesn't mean we're negative on it, Meyer. That's not what we're saying. We're trying to be -- we're trying to moderate the understanding of what is the possible out there for anybody growing a big base in the coming market.  And so as I said, we were very, very pleased with our performance in 2021, that year is now over, and we're out executing in 2022. We think, as Andy said earlier, we don't think quarter-to-quarter, we think how do we do year-over-year, how will we do in the next 3 to 5 years, next 10 years, and we're very positive on that outlook.  So I know it's hard to answer that for you without giving -- without saying much more, but -- we are very -- we think we're very thoughtful around how we grow the business and how we try to present that to the outside world, including yourself. So that's kind of the take on it.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Mark Hughes from Chorus.
Mark Hughes: Anything on the advocacy business changed here lately. I know that's been a headwind in any crack starting to open. And then just more broadly, any thoughts about the services growth prospects?
Powell Brown: Yes. No, I think our comment would be pretty similar this quarter as it was in the previous quarters on the advocacy businesses. We're seeing really good flow in. So that we view as a positive around just the health of the business continue to be challenged getting ultimate awards and everything else of the Security administration. Again, that's a cycle that we've seen in the past, but no cracks there on that front yet that's there. So that would probably be the item that would probably have the largest influence on the organic growth for services depending upon the direction that goes.
Operator: Thank you all, and there are currently no further questions in the phone queue. At this time, I would like to hand the call over back over to our speaker, Mr. Powell Brown for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you all very much, and have a great first quarter of the year. We'll talk to you next quarter. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that personal information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to the future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the Company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the Company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter and that is financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the Company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, further events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the Company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the Company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cecilia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. Q3 was another very good quarter for Brown & Brown. This was a result of our nearly 12,000 teammates delivering creative risk management solutions for our customers. We delivered strong top line growth driven by a combination -- by the combination of robust new business, good retention, rate increases and some expansion of exposure units. At the same time, our team continued to drive profitable growth, resulting in impressive margin improvement and adjusted earnings per share expansion. We're also very proud that last week, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of 10.8% in our quarterly dividend. Of note, we've now increased our dividend for the 28th year in a row. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter, I'm on Slide 3. We delivered $770 million of revenue, growing 14.3% in total and 8.5% organically. I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the performance of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin grew by 280 basis points to 35.6% versus the third quarter of 2020. Our net income per share for the third quarter was $0.52 on an as-reported basis and $0.58, excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. During the quarter, we completed another seven acquisitions and would like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter. In summary, we're really pleased with our strong performance for the third quarter and the first nine months as the year-to-date results are the best in our history, 10.8% internal growth year-to-date. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. I'm now on Slide 4. We have customers that have done well throughout the pandemic and others that are struggling to fully reopen, mainly due to the inability to hire employees. We are seeing this challenge in a number of industries and geographies. And as a consequence, restricting how fast companies can become fully operational. In addition to shortages of workers, supply chain issues and inflation are putting pressure on costs. From a placement standpoint, the themes are pretty consistent. Customers with good loss experience are getting the best rates and coverage while those with tough loss experience are seeing material rate increases or reductions in available limits or both. As a result, customers continue to consider program modifications to manage their premium increases. Rate increases remain relatively consistent with prior quarters. Admitted market rates continue to be up 3% to 8% across most lines. The outliers are workers' compensation rates, which are down 1% to 3% and commercial auto rates, which are up 5% to 10%. From an E&S perspective, most rates were up 10% to 20% with some outliers. Coastal property, both wind and quake, are up 10% to 30% with this being a slightly broader range than we saw in the previous quarter. Professional liability for most accounts remains very challenging with rates up 10- to 15-plus percent. Cyber rates, in some instances, could increase dramatically depending on the security in place with the customer. Security protocols that were viewed as nice to have in the past are now viewed as a minimum expectations to obtain coverage. Also, excess umbrella coverage remains very difficult to place. For professional liability, cyber and umbrella, we're seeing carriers reduce limits while seeking significant rate increases. Florida and California placements in E&S for personal lines remain the most challenging due to losses or aggregate concentrations. We expect the appetite for personal lines and cat areas to continue to be constrained in 2022, which will likely put pressure on state-sponsored programs and the cost of insurance for the consumer. From an M&A perspective, we were successful in closing seven transactions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $21 million. We've closed a total of 11 deals year-to-date with annual revenues of $65 million, and I've already announced a couple of additional acquisitions in October. Our pipeline remains full, and we feel good about our level of activity and engagement with prospective sellers on Slide number 5. Let's discuss the performance of our four segments. Retail delivered great results with organic revenue growth of 8.3% for the third quarter. The performance was driven by growth from all lines of business through a combination of strong new business good retention, rate increases and exposure unit expansion. We're leveraging our broad capabilities to benefit our customers and prospects. National Programs delivered another outstanding quarter, growing 13.2% organically. Our growth was driven by the strong performance from most programs due to new business, good retention and rate increases. The Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered a 5.1% organic growth with commercial brokerage and binding performing well, driven by new business and continued rate increases for most lines of coverage. Personal Lines and coastal states continues to be a headwind, as I mentioned earlier. The Services segment delivered organic revenue growth of 0.5%. The performance for the quarter was driven by claims processing revenue associated with recent weather events, which was substantially offset by external factors continuing to impact our advocacy businesses. Overall, it was a great quarter across the board. Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on Slide number 6. Like previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the third quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $96.3 million or 14.3% and organic revenue growth of 8.5%. Income before income taxes and EBITDAC both increased by approximately 24%. EBITDAC margins expanded 280 basis points driven by strong organic revenue growth and managing our expenses. Net income increased by $12.4 million or 9.3%, and our diluted net income per share increased by 10.6% to $0.52. The effective tax rate increased to 25.5% for the third quarter of this year as compared to 15.5% in the third quarter of last year. The tax rate for the current quarter is in line with previous guidance while the prior year was driven by the tax benefit associated with the vesting of restricted stock awards. We continue to anticipate our full year effective tax rate for 2021 will be in the 23% to 24% range. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year, and our dividends per share increased to $0.093 and or 9.4% compared to the third quarter 2020. We're over on Slide number 7. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years, which we believe presents a more meaningful year-over-year comparison. The change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables was a charge of $23.1 million in the third quarter of this year compared to $15.3 million for the same period last year. Excluding these non-cash items, income before income taxes on an adjusted basis increased by 26.4%. Our net income on an adjusted basis increased by $16.7 million or 11.4%, and our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.58, increasing 11.5%. The lower growth of earnings per share and net income for the quarter as compared to the growth of income before income taxes was driven by the change in the effective tax rate. Overall, it was a very strong quarter on the top and bottom line. I'm going to move over to Slide number 8. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 14.6%, and our contingent commissions and GSCs increased by 27.1% as we qualify for certain additional contingents and GSCs this year. Organic revenue, which excludes the net impact of M&A activity and changes in foreign exchange rates increased by 8.5%. Forward to Slide number 9. The Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 17.8%, driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 8.3% with solid growth across all lines of business. EBITDAC margin for the quarter increased by 180 basis points and EBITDAC grew 24.6% due to higher organic revenue growth, increased contingent commissions and GSCs and managing our expenses even with slightly higher variable cost. The growth in income before income tax as compared to EBITDAC for all segments is impacted by changes in intercompany interest, amortization, depreciation, and estimated acquisition earn-out payables. Over to Slide number 10. Our National Programs segment increased total revenue by 13.7% and organic revenue by 13.2%. In conjunction with the onboarding of a new customer, we recognized approximately $5 million of incremental revenue this quarter that represents timing. We expect the incremental revenue from this customer to more than likely be recognized within the first half of 2022. EBITDAC increased by $18.7 million or 28.5% with the margin improving 510 basis points as a result of strong organic revenue growth, managing our expenses and the positive impact of the non-recurring write-off of certain receivables that occurred in the third quarter of last year. Over to Slide number 11. The Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 11.2% driven by acquisitions in the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 5.1%. EBITDAC grew 4.7% and but the growth was impacted by incremental broker compensation driven by higher levels of performance, slightly higher variable costs and certain non-recurring intercompany IT charges. On Slide 12. Our Services segment increased total revenue and organic revenue by 0.5% with EBITDAC growing 6.8%, driven by continued management of our expenses. Few comments regarding cash conversion and liquidity. We experienced another strong quarter of cash flow generation and have delivered $628 million of cash flow from operations through the first nine months of this year, growing $88 million or 16% as compared to the first nine months of last year. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenue remained strong at 27% for the first nine months of this year. With the combination of our cash generation and capital availability, we are well positioned to fund continued investments in our business. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
A - Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. We've had an outstanding first nine months of the year and believe we are well positioned to continue profitable growth. As we look towards the remainder of the year and into '22, we expect business confidence to improve and exposure units to expand. The main influencers of increased confidence and business expansion will be: one, the availability of employees across all industries; two, the resolution of supply chain constraints; three, inflation. Is it transitory, or is it sustained? And four, the continued management of COVID. How and when these play out over the coming quarters will influence the trajectory of the economy. From an underwriting perspective, we anticipate premium increases will continue to moderate for many lines with the exception of cyber, professional excess and automobile. The M&A market will continue to be very active and valuations will remain at heightened levels as a result of many buyers with a lot of available capital. We feel that we're well positioned with a good pipeline to attract great companies to join the Brown & Brown team. We will continue with our disciplined approach of focusing on culture and financial alignment as these have been key to our long-term success of delivering shareholder value. From an innovation standpoint, our focus is to constantly and consistently deliver creative solutions for the benefit of our customers, prospects and teammates. We're making good progress and are continuing to align on common operating platforms for each division, enhancing our customer-facing applications to make it easier to do business with Brown & Brown and leveraging our data to the benefit of our customers. In summary, the results were outstanding for the third quarter and the first nine months of the year, and we are uniquely positioned to succeed in this ever-changing marketplace. With that, let me turn it back over to Cecilia for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Congratulations on your quarter. I guess Powell and Andy, you talked about the outlook for -- you talked the economy, principally and obviously, that in pricing, which will lead to how the organic sits out over the course of the next year or two. And I guess the biggest -- one of the bigger issues that we get questions about is just what should we be thinking about organic next year? And I know you don't project or comment on organic. So when you talk about the supply chain constraints and then at the same time, you talked about improved business confidence, it's kind of seems like they're moving in opposite direction. So any other guideposts you can give us for organic as we think out next year would be helpful.
Powell Brown: Yes, Greg, first of all, thanks for the comments. As you know, we don't give organic guidance. And it is interesting because you -- what you're referencing is true. There's a little bit of kind of differences of opinions and things that are occurring out there in the economy where you can have -- let's just take construction is off the hook in many parts of the country. And yet in those same parts of the country, we have customers that are in the restaurant business that can't hire enough servers. And so I'm sorry, we're not going to be able to give you an answer to your question specifically. But I can tell you, it is interesting because most of the people we talk to have a pretty positive outlook on the future. It's just that their cost of goods sold or services sold or whatever, is going up, and they don't know to how much. So it's conceivable they will sell more of their product, whatever that is, but have a slightly lower margin next year.
Greg Peters: Right. That, I guess, is effects of inflation. I guess in conjunction with your strong organic revenue results, I guess, one of the other areas, it would be for you, compensation. If you look at the margin improvement, substantial margin improvement and there's a lot to unpack there, whether it's T&E or lower comp. But the -- it seems like you might have some pressure as we look forward just because of the organic revenue results that you're producing and the possibility of higher T&E. So maybe you can cover that as well.
Powell Brown: Sure. So let's talk about -- first of all, we are in a very competitive environment for talent, and we have been. So this is not new, that's number one. Number two, as you know, we're a pay-for-performance company, and we think we have great teammates, and we want to do everything to retain the teammates that are currently on the team, and then we want to optimistically and opportunistically acquire new talent to enhance growth opportunities in segments of our business. And so I would say that we will constantly and consistently, whether it's now or three years ago or three years from now, are evaluating how we compensate our teammates, how we reward people, what that means in terms of long-term alignment with what we're trying to build. And I think the other thing that people sometimes confused the issue is. It is not linear hiring necessarily. And so, it's not like you can say, well, we're going to hire three people and one person retired. We're going to hire three people. It's not like that. It's one of these things where we want the best athletes on the field. So it's conceivable that next year, we hire a lot more people in certain segments of our business, either to service our customers or to produce new business or some combination thereof. So I look at it as our investment in salary and related is not just increasing cost on existing teammates. It's actually building in and compensating for new hires that are not in our current budget that are so talented that we can't afford not to hire them.
Andy Watts: Andy here. Hi, Greg. Just a couple of things, I think, on the question about T&E. You're at least thinking about in the right direction. I think we try to be really consistent on this topic, which is, we don't know exactly where the new levels of spend will end up for T&E. They will realistically go up over time. I don't know if they'll get all the way back to where they were probably pre-COVID potentially, we'll see what that looks like. But we -- as you saw what we did last year and what we've done this year is, we're trying to focus the best we can on how do we deliver profitable growth. That will move up and down over time based upon how our costs move back and forth inside of the organization. But we probably at least manage everybody's expectation. We've had a great 2021 already. The likelihood of that level of further expansion next year could be challenging with some of the items that you mentioned.
Greg Peters: Great. Just a point of clarification around hiring because I know one of your competitors was out talking and promoting all the new hiring success they've had. Powell, can you talk about your recruiting program and maybe a stat -- give us a status update on your retention versus new hires?
Powell Brown: Sure. So one of the things that I'm always interested in is, I think the big print give us and the small print take it away. And so when somebody comes out and says, we've hired x many people, I don't know if they countered that by saying how many people retired or did they have any turnover affiliated with that, I don't know. But what I would say relative to us is, as you know, we're actively recruiting in all cycles of the business. And our retention today is at our historic levels. That does not mean that we don't have people trying to call our people and trying to spirit them away. But our retention levels are at historic levels. That's number one. And number two, our hiring, I think, is good. We're not going to give you a number like that other firm because that's not the way we operate. I would just tell you that we feel really good about how we bring people into the organization, how we continue to train and enhance our capabilities to deliver for our customers, and how we launch people to taking on more responsibility, whether it'd be in a leadership role in an existing office or in a different office. So, I think of this as it is a busy time in terms of talent any -- for any business, anybody, and we're no different. But I feel really good about where we are in the recruiting process, the development process and the retention process.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mike Zaremski from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Maybe piggybacking off some of the color about what has been just excellent margin improvement and obviously organic growth. So if I hear the commentary correctly from Andy, it sounds like if not to expect -- you kind of alluding to tougher comps, but it sounds like you're saying you can maybe maintain the current margin base when you said kind of not to expect this level of improvement next year. So I just want to make sure I'm kind of directionally thinking about it correctly, and there weren't some kind of -- maybe some onetime items we should be or just tougher comps, we should be thinking about that could move the margins around a little bit within our models?
Powell Brown: Sure. So Mike, remember, first of all, we don't give organic growth guidance and we don't give margin guidance. We said over and over and over that we think we're a mid- to single-digit organic growth business in a steady-state economy. And our margin profile is 30% to 35%. And having said that, we are going to -- I'm going to reiterate what Andy said, which is we're going to invest in the business as we see fit to grow and service our existing customer base and to write a lot of new business going forward. So having said that, we don't believe one quarter is a trend. That's important to note. We had a very good quarter, and we feel really good about our year-to-date organic growth and our margin. But again -- once again, it's there's -- we're not going to be able to say anything to anybody here today that's going to be able to get you to lock in on a number for your margin profile next year because we can't tell you, nor would we, but we can't tell you how many people we're going to hire, and how many opportunities we're going to have to build out capabilities or enhance current capabilities on our team. So I'm not trying to be frustrating to you, Mike, but the answer is we're kind of consistent. I know that's boring, but we're consistent. And we continue to do what we say and say what we do.
Mike Zaremski: Not at all boring. It's good in this business a lot of times. But I guess just as a follow-up to that question, a couple of peers, I guess, as the pandemic has played out, have kind of laid out some specific kind of efficiency measures that they think will persist beyond the pandemic that kind of lead to greater efficiencies. Is Brown undergoing any of those kind of exercises that could be kind of permitting down and helping out the income statement?
Powell Brown: Yes. So let me address that. We're not doing something that says we're going to eliminate 40% or 30% of our real estate footprint and all that, we're not doing that. You got to understand that we were very efficient before. So I said earlier, we're kind of boring, we're kind of consistent. Well, we are boring and consistent. The answer is we will continue to evaluate real estate in the manner that we've always evaluated it based upon the needs of specific offices. And in doing so, is there a potential scenario where there could be some reduction in some cases and expansion in other places? The answer is absolutely. But we believe that the work or return to the office environment is going to continue to modify in the future. That doesn't mean that we can't have work from anywhere, which I think we're a work from anywhere company. But I don't want to give you -- there's nothing that I'm aware of, and I'm looking at Andy now to see that there's -- I'm not aware of any permanent changes. The only thing that -- and we don't have visibility into it as how T&E responds back.
Andy Watts: Yes, Michael, I guess I think if you go back to our comments last year, and there were a lot of questions everybody had of us of why we weren't putting mandates in place in order to drive all the cost out. And we said at that stage because we've got complete confidence in all of our leaders that they will know how to navigate through the process. That's part of the reason why we have industry-leading margins that we've had for decades as an organization. So, we run a very profitable business. We're very proud of that. So, we don't have a lot of just excess costs just sitting around that we just cut out one day just because we think we we're constantly looking at where we invest in our business where we need to put our chips, where we need to pull them back, et cetera, in order to make sure that we invest for the long term, but also deliver good shareholder value.
Powell Brown: I think also, Mike, it's important, and I know you know this, that the industry-leading margins also go hand-in-hand with industry-leading cash conversion. So that's real in terms of our ability to invest dollars that we earn back into our business. That's equally as important and very -- we're really proud of that.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. If I could sneak one last one in real quick. I noticed the press release about unifying the in the retail segment, the brand name Brown & Brown, among all the, I think, the branches. Any significance to that? Or any -- to the thought process behind that decision?
Powell Brown: Yes. No, it's -- we've had the opportunity to acquire a number of really talented business teams and businesses over the last 5 to 10 years. And unifying goes to -- in terms of going to market, it eliminates any potential confusion that a competitor could try to spin on us when we're talking to them about our large accounts, medium accounts, small account capabilities. So don't read too much into it. We're really pleased, and we're all Brown & Brown anyway. But we're just calling everybody in retail Brown & Brown going forward. So don't read too much into it.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question on Retail. Do you guys have some strong growth throughout this year? Obviously, spot a little bit in the third quarter, but I think a bunch of that was just because the benefits business is very half year on heavy and that performed really well. Can you give us a sense of the components of retail benefits versus your traditional brokerage business? And what you saw in organic growth in the third quarter relative to the first half of the year?
Powell Brown: Okay. So let me just unpack that, Elyse. So number one, we were pleased with the 8.3% organic growth in retail, which we call out. We don't give growth by line of business, as you know. And as it relates to benefits, what we have said is our benefits of about 1/3 of our retail business. So I think that answered what you said, but did I hit what you wanted?
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. I was just curious if like -- which just sounds like you're not going to provide this detail, which makes sense, but just how benefits did and the rest of the business in the third quarter relative to the growth that you saw at the start of the year, but it sounds that you're just not going to break out that left.
Powell Brown: Yes. And you know my answer, Elyse, it's good. It was good in the first half, and it's good now. So we're pleased, but we're not going to disclose that -- like I said, that's part of the deal.
Andy Watts: Elyse, just to go back to our prepared comments, one of the things we said in there is that all lines of business grew during the quarter, and we're pleased with the performance all the way across.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of wholesale, you guys saw a slowdown in growth in that business. But you did point to personal lines being a headwind. So is that really what drove the slowdown within wholesale? Can you just give us a sense of without giving us numbers within the businesses, but just the core trends, and what's going on to the wholesale business?
Powell Brown: So let me make one observation that I think is important. As I said earlier, we don't believe one quarter makes a trend. So remember, the business year-to-date is growing 8%, and we're very pleased with how wholesale is doing year-to-date, number one. Number two, and I know you know this, but remember, our business is slightly more authority than brokerage. And some of the other firms that you would have transparency into are usually the reverse. So, there are more brokerage than binding. And then on top of that, as I said, we have a component of that binding authority business, which is personal lines, which is being dramatically impacted in California and Florida. In California, as you can tell, it's not just losses but it's actually people trying to get off of policies and the insurance commissions are not letting them in certain areas. And in Florida, it's a people being non-renewed in some instances, by standard markets and having to flow into Citizens. So what you've got is you've got two environments, where it's, I don't even know if I'd say transitory because that's not the right term, it's a -- there are two personal lines markets that are huge that are influx. And so that has created a headwind for us. And so, that's what I can tell you about it. But that is what I would pretty much put that on.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And then one last one. Andy, you guys had spoken with the non-cash stock-based comp. I think the expectation was flat for the year. That trended up this quarter, probably reflective of the strong growth that you guys have seen this year. So I'm assuming we'll probably end up seeing that up for the year, just given that there's one quarter last year. Any kind of new commentary there about the non-cash stock based comp?
Andy Watts: Yes. No, that's correct. We're up about $3 million year-to-date versus the prior year, and that is all based upon incremental performance that we've been seeing both top line as well as on earnings per share. So we'd expect that to probably continue into the back end of the year, Elyse.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mark Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Your comment about margins, I think you said...
Powell Brown: Hi, Mark, we can't hear you. Yes, you might be on a speaker phone or something. Can you pick up because you're breaking up.
Mark Hughes: Okay. How about this?
Powell Brown: A better.
Mark Hughes: How about this? Sorry. Can you hear me?
Powell Brown: Yes, yes.
Mark Hughes: Can you hear me now?
Powell Brown: Yes, go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Very good. Andy, you -- in talking about margins, just to clarify, I think you said you don't expect the magnitude of the margin improvement that you've seen this year to happen next year. That doesn't mean you won't get margin improvement or there isn't the potential for margin improvement next year. Is that a fair reading?
Andy Watts: Yes, there is, I guess, probably just as much likelihood that we would have some upside we would have some downside next year. In the business just based upon we're investing, we're just trying to manage everybody's expectations.
Mark Hughes: Yes, exactly. Okay. Then when we think about inflation, is there a reason not to think that, that will be a tailwind if you've got customers with higher revenue, higher asset values if carriers are seeing maybe some loss inflation, wouldn't that be a net benefit for you, maybe offset by some of your customers, seeing some impact from -- on their businesses from inflation. Should we think about it as a net positive?
Powell Brown: Well, I think it depends on the industry, and that's -- I'm speculating when I say that a little bit because, as you know, inflation is a function of two things. It's a function of money supply, which there's a lot of money in the consumer's hands. And number two, velocity of that money, and there are consumers that are spending a lot of that money in certain areas. So -- and at many customers' cases, if we just stay with our customers for a moment, their revenues may go up, but their cost of goods sold or cost of services sold may go up more quickly. So, it could have a potential positive impact in the short term, but then there are other businesses that could be negatively impacted. So, I think my position right now is more of a neutral. Andy, how would you respond to that?
Andy Watts: Yes. I think, Mark, the other piece to that is, if you look at it in isolation, that's probably a very fair comment. The one thing that is a variable that happens is how does the buyer of insurance modify how they think about their total cost of insurance? Because if their costs are going up, et cetera, and they're trying to manage their way through they may evaluate their deductibles, their aggregates, et cetera, inside of this. So there's just -- there's always a lot of moving factors just to kind of keep in mind. There's just not one that's kind of linear that drives the organic?
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then a final question. Andy, you mentioned National Programs, you got $5 million in incremental revenue from timing. And then I think you had suggested there would be more incremental revenue from that program in the first half. Can you say anything about 4Q? And can you say anything about the magnitude of the incremental revenue in the first half?
Andy Watts: So assuming pull that apart a little bit. So in the case of the $5 million, that was a new customer that we onboarded, just we onboarded it quicker than anticipated. We would have thought it would have kind of been over the third and fourth quarter. And what normally happens on some of those accounts is you're going to end up there's kind of a lag when you transition from a previous provider out there that's what represents the $5 million that will show up over the first half of next year. And then we haven't changed any of our commentary on the fourth quarter versus what we said last quarter. And if you recall, we said there would be potentially $4 million to $6 million of revenue moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We still stand behind that comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: If I can just tag on to Mark's question. Is that $4 million to $6 million moving to the fourth quarter? Is that also onetime that will correct next year? Or is that now in the fourth quarter, now its new home?
Powell Brown: Yes. That will be the new home for it, May. So almost similar to the $5 million, that's kind of when, again, we onboard accounts we'll see that we'll pick up incremental revenue and then when it comes around to renewal cycle ends up in the appropriate period. No, you keep on the -- just keep in mind on that one, the way that we were suggesting to everybody is, once you had your estimate for the third and fourth quarter, then you probably wanted to move or to $6 million. What you don't want to do now is now take $4 million to $6 million out of the third quarter and move it to the fourth. So that would be incorrect.
Meyer Shields: Right. I'm sorry, moved out of the third quarter, if I understand correctly.
Andy Watts: Exactly. So most you guys all have those in your models anyway. So don't do it again, you'll double count.
Meyer Shields: Got it. Okay. Can you give us an update in terms of when the advocacy businesses within services should normalize?
Powell Brown: We wish we could tell you that, but if you could give us some insight about what's going on in Washington, we could answer that, and I'm not trying to be flipping Mayer. I'm just saying that the processing of that type of business is greatly impacted, as you know, by the government working at full steam or whatever you want to call that, and that hasn't really been going on for a while. So you have backlog, and we don't have an answer. It's not like we can say, six months from now, we don't know yet. So it's going to kind of plot along.
Andy Watts: Yes. I mean the other thing we know on those, Meyer, is it does work itself out over time. If you just go back historically and look at that business, it goes through these cycles. We just don't know how long this cycle is going to last.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's perfectly fair. Final question, if I can. Are you guys seeing any increase in compensation expenses for non-client-facing folks?
Powell Brown: We're seeing -- as I said earlier, it's a competitive environment all the time. So, in our business, we think of that as all teammates. So, we wouldn't isolate it to one group of teammates. It's all teammates.
Andy Watts: Yes to Powell's comment earlier, because we're in a competitive environment, salaries went up in 2019 versus 2018. They went up in 20%. So, we see that in the marketplace all the time.
Meyer Shields: Right, I guess the question was more because we hear more rumblings of, I don't want to call it the great resignation or things that seem unusual relative to past years instead of maybe the normal upward drift in compensation?
Powell Brown: So let's answer that. That is absolutely happening across lots of businesses. But what I've said is that our retention ratio is in line with what it has been historically. So, I think that the magnitude, of the last 18 months, has created lots of changes in many people's minds. And some people are deciding to leave industries they've been in for long periods of time or make work life balance changes and things like that. And so having said that, we see that affecting our customers all over the place. So it's real. We're here to tell you it's real.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Paul, in your opening comments, you talked about cost pressures for clients and went through a whole host of reasons why these pressures there, one of which obviously is insurance. I don't know the extent to which clients to pay attention to profitability levels of insurance companies or not, I have no idea, but maybe they do. I guess to what extent is that conversation coming into play more than ever before and maybe impacting kind of how much they're willing to accept rate levels from carriers?
Powell Brown: Right. So generally speaking, clients are not focused on profitability of insurance companies. So that's the first thing. The second thing that is important is depending on the conversation, there are sometimes discussions around loss cost increases where your losses are going up 5%, 6%, 7%, meaning the cost of the same loss year-over-year would be higher by, let's say, 7%. And what's happening now, if you listen to the carriers, as they're talking about these very significant verdicts sometimes that would seem that would be outside the normal. I don't like the term, but it's a nuclear verdict or something like that. And you start to see some of these where the settlement might be x and then all of a sudden, it's 15x, you expect. And so the short answer to the question is, the customer is not generally focused on or dialed into the performance of the insurance company. What she or he is focused on is? One, controlling their cost; two, making sure they have the best -- not in this order, coverage is the best coverage they can get; and three, to the extent possible flexibility and options. Flexibility and options might be program designed. So when you put all those together, that's kind of the course of the conversation. And in certain segments of the marketplace, as you may know, there are limited options so therefore, there might be more pricing pressure there than it would be on something that every insurance company really wants to write. So therein lies the conundrum when we talk with our customers, but the key to that is making sure there's -- to the extent possible, there's no real surprises. So talking to our customers early and often about what we see in the marketplace, and how we come up with ideas to manage the process and their costs and coverage going forward.
Michael Phillips: Okay. That's helpful, Powell. Totally separate question. Another quarter of pretty severe weather again and again and again, and this time includes lots of flood losses, which are even occurring today. So I guess in your service segment, are you seeing any change in, I guess, the competitive environment there for others that want to kind of do what you do in that space given the kind of on slide and continuation of frequency of floating?
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is. There are lots of people that are trying different things in the flood space. As a broad statement, I'm not aware of anything that is so new and different that it's earth shattering. However, you're starting to hear more and more, Michael, about the interest of people to write more private flood. And that's great, but the private flood, they don't want to really write in the worst flood zones. So it's sort of like writing wind on a AAA construction building, where you have a low probability of loss, lots of carriers would like that, but sometimes they aren't willing to price it that way. What we're seeing is we're not seeing -- we're not -- I'm not aware of a program that can model flood with any great statistical relevance and therein lies the challenge. So you know that we're going to risk rating 2.0 with NFIP. You have discussions around looking at flood maps and are they appropriate. You have all kinds of things going on, and there's a lot of discussion around, hey, this is a growth opportunity. And yet, the private flood market is not writing an enormous amount of the segments that NFIP serves. So long-winded answer, but I'm not aware of anything that's dramatically impacting the industry, but we're always trying to; one, be creative and; two, plugged in to what's going on in Washington as it impacts our business and our ability to service a broader customer base.
Andy Watts: And Mike, keep in mind in our Services division, we do substantially no adjudication of flood claims. If you recall, we sold that business a number of years ago. We still work with that business that's out there. But if we're going to see claim activity, it's normally going to show up in our National Programs division.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Thank you for allowing me to ask a follow-up. In your comments, and I know you've talked about the M&A market. Can you give us an update on the multiples being paid and your appetite for expanding the bottom ground footprint beyond North America into Europe and other areas?
Powell Brown: Sure. So Greg, I would tell you that I think that it's always an interesting comment on a multiple of what? Because people -- our definition of EBITDA or EBITDAC is different than other people. And so what we might believe is a recurring expense they might try to take out. And so, I would just -- I've kind of changed the way I refer to it, which basically says valuations continue to be high as I said in the remarks, which is, it continues to be at the very high end of the range. And I don't see that changing in the near to intermediate term, that's number one. Number two, as we've talked about before, we bought a business in January, as you know, of 2020, called Special Risk. It's in Vancouver, British Columbia, and we do business across Canada. It's a wholesale operation with a bunch of great teammates, and we're very pleased about that. And then we also bought in the beginning of this year, O'Leary Insurances in Ireland, based in Cork, which we're equally as pleased about. And so if you think about those two areas and our business in London, those are areas where there's a rule of law. There is something that we typically do business or have done and can do business there currently. And we're always looking for opportunities that fit culturally and make sense financially. So lots of not you, Greg, but lots of investment people think that sounds sexy. And I don't think that international expansion is sexy I think it is -- I don't sleep on airplanes, and it's not about me, but it's hard to do that when I fly to London, and I've got three hours of sleep, I'm going to a meeting. So I say all that, trying to be a little tongue in cheek, but we look to partner with people that we think fit culturally makes sense financially, and we're really -- we think that there are some opportunities, but the question ultimately will be, can we make those work financially as well.
Greg Peters: Got it. And the other area I just was looking for some additional comments on would be the free cash flow conversion. I know, Andy, you commented about that in your previous prepared remarks. It seems like the free cash flow conversion rate is running at a slightly elevated rate relative to, say, the last five years, is there any reason why we should expect that conversion rate to come down? Or are we in a new normal type of environment in terms of what you -- looks like you're going to get this year?
Andy Watts: Yes. Thanks for the question, Greg. The -- we've talked about this in the past. We manage our working capital very closely and have for years. That's part of what drives our high conversion ratio. The other is the margins that we deliver as an organization, those two in combination. And if you look back to how our margins have moved over the last few years, that's what pulls up in kind of that at least 27% on a year-to-date range. It will probably maybe move by a few points back and forth, up and down a little bit, but I wouldn't anticipate anything going down in the low 20s or anything of that nature. We are very, very focused on making sure that we can grow our revenues into cash so that ultimately, we can take that cash and invest it back into our business.
Powell Brown: Yes. And obviously, we encourage you to evaluate that in other firms because if you have an expense that's incurred that impacts cash. And so as I like to say, if you look at the cash that you earn, it's not really adjusted other than non-cash items like change in acquisition earn-out payables. And you look at that as a comparator to those that you have access to, it might be enlightening. So we will take one more question. We're going to wrap up at the top of the hour, and I had a couple -- do we have any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions over the phone at this time.
Powell Brown: Perfect. Cecilia. Thank you very much for your help, and thank you all very much. We appreciate your time. We're very pleased with what's going on with the business. I'll stress again 10.8% organic growth year-to-date. We're at 11.5% in Retail, 13.2% for Programs, 8% in Wholesale and 3.6% in Services. So we're very pleased with what's going on, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. Please note, that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified are quantified, and those risks and uncertainties are identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then the Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now hand the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Marion. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our second quarter '21 earnings call. Q2 was a very strong quarter, and it's the best in the history of Brown & Brown. Our performance for the first six months of 2021 is due to the tremendous effort of our talented 11,000-plus teammates that deliver creative risk management solutions for our customers. Each of our segments delivered impressive results with strong top and bottom line growth due to more new business, good customer retention, increased premium rates across most lines of coverage, and higher exposure units driven by continued economic expansion. These results reflect the strength and diversity of our operating model as well as the power of a performance-based culture. Now, let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on slide number three. We delivered $727 million of revenue, growing 21.5% in total and 14.7% organically. This is the strongest organic growth that we've ever delivered. I'll get into more details in a few minutes about the performance of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 32.9%, which is up 340 basis points from the second quarter of 2020. Our net income per share for the second quarter was $0.49, increasing 44% on an as-reported and adjusted basis, with the latter excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. During the quarter, we completed two acquisitions and would like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter. In summary, we're very pleased with our strong performance and believe we're well-positioned to continue delivering best-in-class solutions for our customers. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results and more details. I'm on slide four. Let's start with the economy and what we saw during the quarter. As companies continue to reopen and strengthen, business confidence is improving. However, not all companies are back at 100%, and we continue to hear about struggles with certain customer segments in hiring workers. We think this will work itself out over the coming months and quarters, but these open roles are serving as a bit of a governor on the speed of recovery. Due to this uncertainty, customers remain very focused on their insurance spend and therefore managing their deductibles and aggregate limits. Rates were generally in line with what we experienced in the first quarter. However, we started to see some moderation to the level of increases in certain admitted and non-admitted lines. Certain customers and industries with high losses remain a placement challenge. However, we continue to see carriers seeking higher rate increases on renewal business while quoting at or below expiring rates for new business of a similar risk profile. Admitted rates continue to be up 3% to 7% across most lines. the outliers are workers' compensation rates which remain down 1% to 3% and commercial auto rates which were up 5% to 10%. From an E&S perspective, most rates are up 10% to 20%. Coastal property, both wind and quake, are up 15% to 25%. However, near the end of the quarter, we started to see less upward rate pressure on renewals. Professional liability for most accounts remains challenging, the SPAC market in particular. Professional liability rates are generally up 10% to 25% plus, cyber-rates are generally up 10% to 20%-plus, with increased underwriting questions and some reduction in coverage availability. Also, excess umbrella coverage remains very difficult to place. For both of these lines, we're seeing carriers reduce overall limits while seeking significant rate increases. In the E&S space, California and Florida personal lines continues to be the most challenging. The appetite for personal lines in CAT areas will continue to be constrained through at least the end of '21. From an M&A perspective, we closed two transactions during the quarter with the annual revenues of, approximately, $11 million. Our pipeline remains full, and we feel good about the level of activity engagement with prospective sellers. Slide five, let's discuss the performance of our four segments. Retail delivered an outstanding organic growth of 17.6% for the second quarter. The performance was driven by growth across all lines of business and most customer segment through a combination of strong new business, good retention, rate increases, and higher exposure units as a result of the economic recovery. National Programs grew 13.3% organically, delivering another great quarter. Our growth was driven by strong performance from most programs due to robust new business, good retention, and rate increases. The Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered a solid quarter with 12.3% organic growth. Brokerage continues to perform very well, delivering strong growth in new business and realizing continued rate increases for most lines of coverage. Binding Authority had a good quarter, driven by new business and continued economic recovery and personal lines in California and Florida remain very difficult to place, and we don't expect carrier appetite to change in the second half of the year. The Services segment had a good quarter and delivered organic revenue growth of 4.6%, primarily driven by claims processing revenue. The growth for the quarter was partially offset by continued headwinds within the Advocacy businesses, primarily the Social Security space. Overall, it was a very strong quarter across the board. Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thanks, Powell. Good morning, everybody. Like previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. We're on slide number six. For the second quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $128.5 million or 21.5% and organic revenue growth of 14.7%. EBITDAC increased by 35.4%, which expanded EBITDAC margin by 340 basis points, despite lower margin associated with certain acquisitions completed in the past few quarters and slightly higher travel costs. The EBITDAC growth was driven by the continued leveraging of our expense base and lower non-cash stock-based compensation. Income before income taxes increased by 44%, growing faster than EBITDAC due to a lower growth rate in amortization and interest expense, as well as a decrease in acquisition earn-out payables. Net income increased by $42.5 million or 43.9% and our diluted net income per share increased by 44.1% to $0.49. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of this year and last year was 25.2%. We continue to anticipate our full-year effective tax rate for 2021 will be in the 23% to 24% range. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.093 or 9.4% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Moving over on slide number seven. This slide presents our results after the adjustment to remove the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. For the second quarter of this year and last year, the impact was minimal with the adjusted and as-reported diluted net income per share of $0.49 growing 44.1% over the prior year. Moving over to slide number eight. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 21.3% and our contingent commissions and GSCs increased by 2.2%. Organic revenue, which excludes the net impact of M&A activity and changes in foreign exchange rates, increased by 14.7%. Over to slide number nine. The Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 28.3%, driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 17.6%, which was driven by growth across all lines of business. Organic growth for the quarter was positively impacted by, approximately, 300 basis points due to the $8 million adjustment recorded in the second quarter of last year for the economic disruption associated with the pandemic. EBITDAC margin for the quarter increased by 510 basis points and EBITDAC grew 55.1% due to the leveraging of higher organic revenue along with a gain on disposal associated with the sale of certain books of business. The growth was partially offset by recent acquisitions that have margins lower than the average, higher non-cash stock-based compensation, and slightly higher travel cost. Income before income tax margin increased 580 basis points, growing faster than EBITDAC, driven primarily by amortization and intercompany interest expense growing at a slower rate than EBITDAC. Moving over to slide number 10. Our National Programs segment increased total revenue by 14% and organic revenue by 13.3%. Regarding outlook for the last two quarters of 2021, we wanted to highlight that we anticipate approximately $4 million to $6 million of revenue shifting from the third quarter to the fourth quarter due to renewal timing for certain accounts. EBITDAC increased by $7.9 million or 12.6%, growing slightly slower than total revenues due to incremental costs associated with onboarding new customers, increased non-cash stock-based compensation, and slightly higher variable cost. Income before income taxes increased by $18.4 million or 38%, growing faster than EBITDAC, primarily due to lower estimated acquisition earn-outs payable and lower intercompany interest expense. Over to slide number 11. The Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 17.7% driven by acquisitions in the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 12.3%. EBITDAC grew by 19.1% with a margin increase of 40 basis points, even with lower guaranteed supplemental commissions, slightly higher variable operating expenses, and incremental non-cash stock-based compensation. Income before income taxes grew by 6.9%, which was slower than total revenue growth primarily due to higher intercompany interest expense and a change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. Over on Slide 12. Our Services segment increased total revenue and organic revenue by 4.6%. Regarding outlook, we anticipate organic revenue growth to be flat or down slightly for the second half of the year due to continued headwinds in processing claims by the Social Security Administration. For the quarter, EBITDAC grew by 9.8% driven primarily by leveraging organic revenue growth. Income before income taxes increased by 19.8%, growing faster than EBITDAC due to lower intercompany interest expense and amortization. A few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion for the quarter. We experienced another strong quarter of cash flow generation and have delivered $466 million of cash flow from operations through the first six months of 2021, growing $50 million or 12% as compared to the first six months of 2020. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenue remained strong at 30.2% for the first six months of 2021. With the combination of our cash generation and capital availability, we are well positioned to fund continued growth. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. From an economic standpoint, we continue to believe the economy will improve over the coming quarters. This should drive increased confidence among business owners and how they invest in their companies. A few items we believe will impact the speed and trajectory of the economy are, in no particular order: one, the ability to hire workers in certain industries; two, supply chain issues that continue to constrain production and sales; three, the spread of and response to the delta variant; and four, the impact of inflation. How these play out will influence the bumps in the road to recovery. At this stage, we believe there should be further economic improvement throughout the remainder of '21 and into 2022 but not at the same pace experienced in the second quarter. As a result, we anticipate some moderation of our organic revenue growth during the back half of the year compared to what we delivered in the first half. As it relates to the underwriting process, we continue to anticipate our carrier partners to be competitive for new business and accounts with low losses. We also expect rate increases will be fairly similar to the first half of the year with maybe some moderation. From an M&A perspective, we believe the market will remain very active. There are a lot of companies looking to do transactions, and we feel that we are well positioned with a good pipeline to attract great companies to join the Brown & Brown team. We will continue to follow our disciplined approach of focusing on culture and financial alignment as these have been the key to our long-term success in delivering shareholder value. We've been talking over the last few earnings calls about our technology initiatives and how these are advancing. We're very pleased with our progress and the teams are doing a great job. Our holistic focus is to improve the experience for our customers, carrier partners, and teammates. To achieve this goal, we have prioritized the following areas: optimize and enhance our utilization of data and analytics; expand our digital delivery capabilities around products and services; and engage in initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underwriting processes. In summary, we couldn't be happier with the financial performance of the second quarter and the first half of the year. The results are just outstanding. Our team is doing an incredible job of leveraging our wide-ranging capabilities to win new customers and retain our existing customers. We're well positioned to continue delivering good profitable growth. With that, now let me turn it back over to Marion for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from Greg Peters from Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. And congratulations on a strong quarter. Before I ask a question about your results, probably worthwhile to get you guys to weigh in on what you perceive might be the opportunities and headwinds and the fallback from the fact that the Aon, Willis Towers Watson merger has been canceled.
Powell Brown: Good morning, Greg. And thank you for the comment. Number one, I would say that we were probably surprised like many people and the fact that it was not able to come to some sort of conclusion with the DOJ having gone on that long surprised us. Anytime you have a transaction of that size that is in any industry that fails to go forward, there is going to be change in organization. Some people may decide they want to be on different teams. They may decide to go in different direction with different businesses. There's all kinds of scenarios. But from a standpoint of our focus is on our existing customer base and the new customers that we can bring on to our team. And the way you do that is through high-quality talented people that we have 11,000-plus today and we're on our way to the next level in the next level. So I would tell you that we're always looking for good people, and we're always looking and talking to new prospects. And so disruption creates an opportunity. But like I said, you don't wish ill will on anybody, and that was a very unusual dynamic that surprised us.
Greg Peters: All right. Switching to your results, in the organic revenue results. You commented about the balance between rate, new business, etc. I was wondering if you could give us some more color, specifically as it relates to retail on how much is it new business versus how much of it is existing customers just coming back online, getting back up and running, etc.? If you could give us some additional color on that, that'd be helpful.
Powell Brown: Right. Thanks for the question, Greg. As you know, we don't give that level of detail, and I know that's what everybody wants. But what I would tell you is we are writing a lot of new business, period. We do have some customers that are coming back online. That is helpful. You have, in some instances, rate increases. You also have, remember, certain industries that are not coming back online. So I don't want to give you the impression that every industry is coming back online at the same rate and speed as every other industry. And so the restaurant business is just a one perfect example, but I would tell you that we are very pleased with our retention of our existing customers and the amount of new business that we're writing across the system in all of our divisions.
Greg Peters: Got it. I guess the final question I'll ask is on free cash flow. The conversion rate of an excess of 30% is well above what your annual run rate usually is. Are you anticipating that the back half is going to be lower to bring down the average for the full year? And maybe you can talk about some of the nuances that has driven the free cash flow result that you've reported in the first six months?
Andy Watts: Good morning, Greg. It's Andy. So I guess I'll take your question into two pieces. Let's talk about the first six months of the year. So on an as-reported basis, we're at 30.2%. We were 28.3% last year. And keep in mind, last year as part of the pandemic, allowed all companies to defer their tax payments. So we had talked about the fact that we had a $50 million deferral of taxes last year into the third quarter. So it further demonstrates what a great first six months of this year that we had. That is primarily driven out of the incremental margins and the growth that we've had in the first six months of the year. We manage our working capital very tightly, have always for many years. As it relates to the back end of the year, we'd anticipate it probably would not be at that same high level just because of the phasing of the business between the first and second half of the year, but we still anticipate it being good.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Andy Watts: Thank you, sir.
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks and good morning. I was hoping we could revisit the Programs business. Can you talk a little bit about what drove the continued acceleration there? It feels like you typically call out a few items. I think I missed that in the opening remarks this quarter.
Powell Brown: We didn't really call it out, Phil, from a standpoint of we had a lot of strong performance across all of our Programs businesses. I think in the past we've obviously called out things that have CAT exposure and those businesses continue to perform well, but it was not exclusive to those businesses. We would just tell you that the entire segment performed really well in the quarter.
Phil Stefano: Okay, all right. And so I feel like when we've talked about organic in the past, there has been a bit of a disparity between the haves and the have-nots as to what businesses have started to come back. In listening to the opening remarks today, it feels like business confidence is improving and maybe the have and have-nots is being shifted more so because of things like headwinds in hiring or supply chain issues as opposed to business confidence. I guess, is that a fair characterization that we had this shift and how should we think about this with the framework that you talked about moderation of organic in the back half of the year?
Powell Brown: Yes. I think your statement, Phil, is true in kind of just at face value. The challenge with that is those people that experienced the toughest time during the downturn are going to have the longest memories relative to the go forward and their confidence and thought process in reinvesting in their business. So I think that your assessment is correct, yes. I also think there are lots of people that are watching. There is this great desire to get out and be so-called normal again and yet now people are watching the delta variant spread very closely and how does that impact their business and/or their hiring. So, we think that the economic or the GDP and expansion in the second half of the year is going to slow down slightly. It will not be like what it was in the second quarter. It doesn't mean it's going negative, doesn't mean anything like that. It's just if you look at all the stuff that we're seeing, it just shows a moderation in the second half of the year. We agree with that. And that's kind of how we'd answer that.
Phil Stefano: Okay.
Andy Watts: Hey, Phil, the other thing that we mentioned in our comments, and this is as you talk about the haves and have-nots, the have-nots of those industries that were most impacted over the past 15 to 18 months, one of the areas where they are challenged and, hopefully, this again will work itself out over the coming quarters is their ability to hire workers. And so that's just going to take a while for that to work itself through the system for them to get back in there. And that's why we've made the comment about a little bit of a governor right now as to how quickly things can recover.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Powell, you talk about I think I heard you say coastal you saw less upward pressure on renewals at the end of the quarter. Did I hear that properly? And then at the same time you talked about the Florida's coastal still being difficult to place. I think your description of the coastal property that you raised the upper bound in Q2 versus 1Q, just a little more detail there would be great.
Powell Brown: Sure. So my first comment was specifically directed at commercial properties, not individual homeowners. So what I'm saying is we're seeing a slight tapering of the rate increases that we saw in the late part of the second quarter. The comment about California and Florida is personal lines, homeowners, and particularly certain segments of those personal lines markets. So they could be older homes, they could be lower-value homes, they could be frame construction homes. And in California's case, it could be anything in a brush fire area, all of those types of things. So, what I would say is when you see that range, Mark, there could be a slight wiggle in the range, be it either the bottom or the top end. Don't read too much into that in terms of we just kind of want you to know where the vast majority of those renewals are coming in and the point being is, as we got down towards the end of June, we started to see some renewals with slightly less rate pressure. Did not mean it wasn't up, but those are on commercial buildings. It could include a condo. I mean that's habitational but not a standalone home, like if we had a home in Fort Lauderdale or home in Miami or wherever.
Mark Hughes: And then, any comment on employee benefits? How did you see payrolls, in particular consulting projects, just the growth there versus the P&C?
Powell Brown: We're very pleased with how our benefits business has performed this year, and we continue to write a lot of new business, because it's an area obviously that's very expensive, it's complex, it's utilized by the employees of the insured, and we have continued to add capabilities in our benefits area and feel really good about it. So both segments performed really well in Q2. So it's not one over the other. But as it specifically relates to your question, that's how I would answer it. It's performing really nicely.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then finally, new business you mentioned a couple times. You say you don't break apart your growth drivers. I understand that, but is there some difference now? Is it a step function that there is more of business out in the market and you're capturing share, or is it just good, strong but more in line with historical?
Powell Brown: I don't think there is something going on dramatically different today. But what I would say is this. We were very pleased with our performance during the first wave of COVID, and as I've said before, I was very pleased at the amount of new business that we wrote over a video conference where we weren't able to meet with the people in certain periods of time. And those opportunities have continued to remain and/or accelerate with people wanting to see us. And so we're out talking to people all over the country, and we just have some really cool opportunities. And so I don't want to give you the impression that there is something different that's going on. It's just we're executing really well.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question is on the margin side. So you guys at the start of the year had said you guys expected flat to slightly up margins for the year and you reaffirmed that last quarter I believe. But you guys are sitting after the first half of the year just over 200 basis points of margin improvement. So could you just give us an update on how you think either margins will trend for the full year or how you think they'll trend for the second half of the year relative to the improvement you saw in the first half?
Powell Brown: Hi. Good morning, Elyse. I know we had said when we started the year and even through the first quarter, flat to up slightly for the year. And you're right, we're up about 210 basis points right now. We feel good where we are for the year at this stage and think that dependent upon how the back end of the year looks that we will have some margin improvement. Don't know exactly where that will come out. We would not anticipate the same level of growth on a full-year basis as what we saw in the first six months just because we know we're going to have to increase in our variable cost in the back end of the year. Again, don't know exactly where those are going to land. We feel good about the back end of the year and probably have some margin expansion. But don't expect it at the same level as the first six months, okay.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And then my second question, going back to the guidance of some maybe moderation in organic in the second half. So, I mean, I know we aren't even fully done with July, but have you guys seen a moderation in July relative to where things were trending in the second quarter? And when you say moderation, you guys printed a really strong, it came in at 12% for the first half in terms of organic. And so could we still be in the double digits in the second half of the year, even with some moderation?
Powell Brown: So Elyse, first of all, thank you for recognizing the strong performance in the first half of the year. We appreciate that. And so we're very pleased with 12.1% organic growth. Number two, again, as you know, we don't give organic growth guidance. We have historically said that we are a low- to mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. Obviously, there are some unique dynamics that are going on right now in terms of economic expansion and rates and some other things that are helping with that. But we're executing our plan as well as we ever have. So, what I would say is this. We would just ask you to think about the economic indicators that you see out there that we can see when we looked at and/or decided to give that potential moderation in the second half of the year. So whether you look at GDP, car sales, whatever it is that you're looking at, that may give you an idea of kind of how we're thinking around in the second half of the year. But we're not going to give organic growth guidance in the second half.
Elyse Greenspan: Have you seen anything, Powell, I know we're not even done with July, but have you guys seen anything in the data to indicate things are slowing or is it more, just like you said, looking at economic indicators and just thinking that things might flow as we move through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter as well?
Powell Brown: Elyse, you know that I couldn't answer that right now because that would be a forward-looking statement. I appreciate your interest, but we're not going to comment on July. But we're going to keep doing what we're doing, which we're going to continue to deliver for our existing customer base, and we're writing a lot of new business. And we've said that we think there could be some rate moderation in the second half of the year. I don't think it's going to be enormous, but it absolutely is going to happen in our opinion, and we're going to continue to invest in the business by looking for acquisitions that fit culturally makes sense financially. But yes, we're not going to comment on what we've seen in the first part of July.
Elyse Greenspan: Got it.
Andy Watts: And Elyse, a couple other things just to keep in mind as you're thinking about the back end of the year versus the first half of the year. Keep in mind that we have a higher weighting of employee benefits to the first half of the year and that grew very well for us. We're very, very pleased with the performance there. The second, and we were talking about this last year, is our lender placed business had just an outstanding 2020 performing well again this year, but the year-on-year comps are going to be extremely challenging. They probably realistically will not grow at the same amount they did last year. So that's just going to make the second half of the year just more challenging to grow over that. So just kind of keep those in mind as you're thinking about kind of weighting on the full year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful, Andy. Thanks, Andy and Powell, for the color.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Good morning. Not to take anything away, sorry, second quarter organic growth, obviously, very strong. You're doing a lot of things right. Some of it is the environment. And I was hoping you could talk about how that's impacting M&A discussions.
Powell Brown: Well, I think the impact on M&A discussions, if there is something that is driving a discussion differently, it is the potential change in the tax laws as opposed to in the rate environment or the topping of the market or whatever the case may be. So everybody sells, and when they sell and why they sell are for different reasons, but I would say, a very common point that is raised in lots of discussions, that doesn't mean it's the reason but a reason, is the concern that the tax structure may be different next year on businesses that will be sold, and how is that going to be impacted in the U.S. tax structure. So what I would say, Meyer, is this, to your point, we understand that there is a little bit of an environment and economic positive impact, but I do want to make sure that you remember that growing at 14.7% on a $2.6 billion trailing base is a pretty big number. And so I would like to make sure that you and everybody else out there listening understand that I wouldn't want anyone to take that for granted. That is not easy. It is something that we're very proud of, and we've got a lot of things firing on all cylinders. But I would moderate that comment just a little bit.
Meyer Shields: No, I understand. That's very helpful. I guess what I was trying to get an understanding of is whether there are broader-than-normal differences in terms of future productivity among potential acquisitions like between your perspective and the potential sellers.
Powell Brown: Well, I think, there's two ways to look at that. I think there are very high expectations of value. And the interesting thing is how people portray their business going forward, particularly if there is a business broker involved might be very optimistic. A pro forma of a pro forma is not actual numbers. So, we look closely at that. That's how I would answer that question.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's helpful. Also, earlier you talked about the various technology priorities going forward in terms of data and analytics, etc. From our perspective, where are we going to see that make the biggest difference? Is that in revenue or margin factor?
Powell Brown: Well, here's the way I would tell you. You aren't going to be able to write on a piece of paper and say, huh, there is the deal. What you're going to be able to see is we're going to implement technology we either bought or developed or both into our systems that make us more efficient and we're going to continue to invest in the business to grow the thing quickly going forward. So what I would try to say is we are going to capture data, we're going to invest in the technology, we're going to make things easier for our teammates and our customers, but we're going to continue to reinvest in the business as well. So we said, as someone said earlier, that we're going to have incremental margin improvement in 2021. We've been very fortunate in the year to date so far. And Andy talked about what we think we're going to see in terms of margins in the second half of the year. But it is part of a long-term game plan to enable us to be more competitive and deliver for our customers. So we're not going to be able to say, here's your deal. We're going to break it out on a line item. We're not going to do that. We're just not going to do it. But we are investing in it, and it's important that you know that. But at the end of the day, we're going to just have to apply that to our customers and they'll be able to see the benefits.
Andy Watts: And Meyer, it's cutting across all of our segments. So again, if you're not going to just see retail or wholesale jump by X on either top line or bottom line. It's something that's just going to naturally organically happen over time in all the segments. But it's one of the key priorities for us.
Meyer Shields: Got it. Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our next question from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. A bit of a follow-up to one of Andy's earlier comments on second half and margin and expenses. I guess specifically on T&E. We've heard some varying opinions on how that's going to play out in second half of the year. Just curious on your opinion thereof do we get back to full T&E by the end of the year or how is the pace looking for that?
Powell Brown: It's Powell, Michael. And the answer is, do I think we're going to get back to full T&E by the end of the year. I think that's unlikely. But we're starting to see a ramp up, because I can tell you, our customers and our prospects want to see us. And so we are on air planes and trains and automobiles a lot more today than we have been, and I only anticipate that increasing.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thanks. And then, one more for you I guess. In the opening question on kind of the fallout from the merger that didn't happen. You mentioned opportunities on talent is what you were kind of alluding to. I guess does that have other implications on just broader implications for the mix or the pace at all for industry M&A?
Powell Brown: That's interesting. I don't think so. I think-
Michael Phillips: And specifically what I mean is, will there be more demand for kind of middle markets or lower M&A if big ones didn't happen?
Powell Brown: Yes. I don't think so. I think those are two independent things. I think there is a demand in the insurance brokerage space for all sizes as you know. That's number one. Number two, what you see certain firms are interested in acquiring or building more than others large and upper-middle market capabilities, and that could be domestically or internationally for that matter, and some firms have tried to focus on hiring teams, as you know, from large brokers and moving them over. Historically we haven't done that. We have hired people from other firms, and we have acquired people in other organizations that had been at large firms before. And so I think those are two independent things. I do think that any time you have a shakeup in something like this, you combine that with the pandemic and the ongoing issues around the pandemic, I think you have still a lot of people that are evaluating, do I want to be part of this type of organization, whatever that is, or do I want something a little different, and that may create opportunity for entrepreneurial firms like ours. That's the way we look at it.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks, Powell and Andy. Thanks very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Mark Hughes from Truist. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Just one detail. Andy, you talked about the Social Security Administration kind of slow rolling claims. Could you expand on that?
Andy Watts: Yes. So Mark, we were talking about this last year. And again, it's kind of a trend that we see that just happens over different cycles where the Social Security Administration will either accelerate the processing of a number of cases that we have submitted in there and they did that back in the '17, '18, a little bit of '19. Then what happens is then they constrain the number of lawyers that they have in their reviewing cases those slow down over time. And then it'll kind of work back out. You've probably seen the announcement that the previous director is no longer with the administration and they're looking to put a new one in. So that will, again, cause some changes up there. It is a cycle. We'll kind of work through it and then hopefully the amount that we've been submitting in there will get processed over the coming year. It does take a while. It just doesn't turn back on like a faucet overnight. We've got really good inflow into the business. We just can't get the output from SSA, and that's where we anticipate headwinds at least for the back end of the year, and then we'll have a view as to what it looks like for '22 when we get some more road covered.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: As there are no further questions, I'd like to hand the call back over to your host for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you all very much. We look forward to talking to you for our Q3 earnings call. Have a wonderful day, and thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the safe harbor provisions of the securities laws.  Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call.  A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2021 earnings call. We had an outstanding quarter, probably one of the best in Brown & Brown's 82-year history. The results of the quarter are the outcome of the incredible efforts from our team, not only during the quarter, but over the last several years. Each of our segments had great performance, growing significantly on an organic basis and expanding margins due to more new business, good customer retention and increased premium rates across most lines of coverage. These results demonstrate how we are focused on enhancing our capabilities, improving the experience for our customers and delivering creative risk management solutions. From a customer segment standpoint, our large and middle market customers, which represent a significant portion of our revenue, recovered much quicker. However, smaller businesses are generally recovering at a slower pace. During the quarter, we released our first ESG report and are pleased to provide a view into our values as a company. We believe this report provides a comprehensive assessment of where we are in our evolution, but also lays out how we're thinking about the future. Hopefully, our current and future teammates, customers, carrier partners and investors will find the report demonstrates our commitment to these important topics. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 3. As I mentioned, we had an excellent quarter and are very pleased with our results. We delivered $815 million of revenue growing 16.7% in total and 9.8% organically. This quarter represented one of the strongest quarters of organic growth since we began reporting this measure in the early 2000s. I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the performance of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 35.8%, which is up 120 basis points from the first quarter of 2020. Our net income per share for the first quarter was $0.70, increasing 29.6% on an as-reported basis and 37.3% on an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. During the quarter, we completed two acquisitions with annual revenue of approximately $33 million. We're excited that OLeary Insurances, which was the largest independently owned retail brokers serving the Irish marketplace, has joined the Brown & Brown team. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter. In summary, we're very pleased with our strong performance as the team continues to fire on all cylinders and is focused on executing every day. Later in the presentation Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. I'm on Slide number 4. The economy continues to recover with the vaccine rollout, and we're seeing improving business confidence. However, not all geographies or industries grew at the same pace. Premium rate increases in Q1 were similar to the last few quarters with some growing faster while others grew slower. Admitted market rates continue to be up 3% to 7% across most lines. Commercial auto rates are the exception as they remain up 10% or more. We're still not seeing positive workers' compensation rates, but they're getting closer to flat. Overall, the market is becoming more competitive in sections or areas, and we're starting to see carriers willing to bind coverage at the expiring rate for new business, but that same carrier would like to get an increase if it was their renewal. From an E&S perspective, most rates are up 10% to 20%. Coastal property, both wind and quake, are up 15% to 25%. Professional liability is generally up 10% to 25%, depending on the coverage in the industry. For these lines of coverage, there are definitely outliers. One area where we continue to see the most challenge right now is the E&S personal lines in Florida, California and the Gulf states due to the continued reduction in carrier appetite caused by fire, weather events and the increases in litigated claims over the past few years. We believe the reduction in personal lines capacity in cat areas will continue to decrease through at least 2021. The placement of coverage for many lines, certain industries or customers with losses continues to be challenging. We do not expect this trend to change for this year. We also believe that rate increases experienced in the first quarter will more than likely continue for most of 2021, but there may be some moderation in the second half of this year. We closed 2 transactions during the quarter with annual revenue of approximately $33 million. As we've said in the past, our acquisition activity can vary by quarter as we're focused on ensuring a good cultural fit that makes sense financially. This disciplined approach has worked well for us over many years to deliver value from the companies that joined the Brown & Brown team. I'm now on Slide 5. Let's discuss the performance of our 4 segments. Retail delivered a record organic growth of 9.8% for the first quarter. The performance was driven by growth from all lines of business through a combination of improving new business, good retention and continued rate increases. These results were only possible through the incredible efforts of our team to creatively engage with our customers, build our new business pipeline and our broad diversification across customer size, line of business and geography. We continue to be very pleased with how our team is prospecting new opportunities and leveraging our capabilities in both the traditional face-to-face model as well as virtually. National  Programs segment grew 13% organically, delivering another outstanding quarter. Our growth was driven by strong performance from most programs due to new business as well as we realized continued rate increases for our wind and quake programs. Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered good organic growth of 6. 8% for the quarter.  Brokerage continues to grow faster as we realize improving new business and continued rate increases for most lines of coverage across property, general liability and professional liability. However, we continue to experience headwinds in our Binding Authority and personal lines businesses. Overall, Binding Authority grew but at a slower pace than we experienced in the past, primarily impacted by the pullback in cat capacity for property and the economic impact of COVID on small businesses. The Services segment had a good quarter and delivered organic revenue growth of 5.7%, primarily driven by claims associated with recent weather -- winter weather events. Overall, it was a strong quarter, and we'd like to thank all of our teammates who continue to deliver innovative solutions for our customers. Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. We're over on to Slide 6. Like previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the first quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $116.8 million or 16.7% and organic revenue growth of 9.8% or $65.4 million. Our EBITDAC increased by 20.5%, growing faster than revenue as we were able to leverage our expense base and further manage our costs in response to COVID-19. Both of these factors were able to offset increased noncash stock-based compensation and lower margins associated with certain acquisitions completed in the past few quarters. Quick comment regarding our employee compensation and benefits and other operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. The ratio of employee compensation and benefits to total revenue increased as compared to the prior year, driven by approximately $10 million of higher noncash stock-based compensation cost. As a reminder, in the first quarter of 2016, we started issuing annual equity grants, which have a 5-year vesting period. For the full year, we are expecting noncash stock-based compensation expense to be similar to 2020. In addition, with the continued market recovery during the first quarter of 2021, there was an increase in the value of deferred compensation liabilities as compared to a decrease in the first quarter of 2020. This represents a negative year-over-year impact to the compensation margin of nearly 200 basis points. The ratio of other operating expenses to total revenue decreased due to the continued management of our variable expenses in response to COVID, along with the benefit from the aforementioned change in deferred compensation costs. Please remember the impact on the EBITDAC margin associated with deferred compensation costs is substantially zero. Our income before income taxes increased by 16.5%, growing at a slightly slower pace than EBITDAC. This was driven primarily by the $10 million year-over-year increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. Our net income increased by $47.3 million or 31%, and our diluted net income per share increased by 29.6% to $0.70.  Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 16.5% compared to 25.8% in the first quarter of 2020. The lower effective tax rate was driven by the benefit associated with the vesting of restricted stock awards. Please note the vesting of our stock awards will generally occur in the first quarter of each year. We continue to anticipate our full year effective tax rate for 2020 will be in the 23% to 24% range. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.093 or 9.4% compared to the first quarter 2020.  We're over on to Slide #7. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more meaningful year-over-year comparison. During the first quarter of 2021, the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables was a credit of $900,000 as compared to a credit of $11 million in the first quarter of 2020. Our net income on an adjusted basis increased by $54.7 million or 37.9%, and our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.70, increasing 37.3%. Both measures grew faster than total revenue due to margin expansion and the lower effective tax rate for the quarter. Overall, it was a very strong quarter. Over to Slide #8. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 16.9%, and our contingent commissions and GSCs increased by 12.2%. Our organic revenue, which excludes the net impact of M&A activity and changes in foreign exchange rates, increased by 9.8% for the first quarter. We're over on to Slide number 9. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 16.8%, driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 9.8%, which was driven by growth across all lines of business. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter increased by 80 basis points, and EBITDAC grew 19.5% due to the leveraging of higher organic revenue and managing our expenses in response to COVID.  The growth was partially offset by recent acquisitions that have margins lower than the average for the segment. Our income before income tax margin increased 10 basis points and grew slower than EBITDAC due primarily to the year-over-year change in estimated acquisition earn-outs and increased amortization expenses associated with recent acquisitions. Over to Slide 10. Our National Programs segment increased total revenue by 20.6% and organic revenue by 13%.  The increase in total revenue was driven by strong organic growth across many programs, acquisitions over the past 12 months and increased GSCs and contingent commissions. EBITDAC increased by $12.7 million or 30.8%, growing faster than total revenue due to leveraging our total revenue growth and lower variable costs in response to COVID-19. Income before income taxes increased by $11.5 million or 38.9%, growing faster than EBITDAC due to slower growth in amortization and depreciation and lower intercompany interest expense. On Slide 11, our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 17% and organic revenue growth of 6.8%. Total revenue growth -- total revenue grew faster than organic revenue due to recent acquisitions, with contingent commissions and GSCs down slightly year-over-year. EBITDAC grew by 20.6% with a margin increase of 80 basis points as compared to the prior year, driven by leveraging of organic growth and lower variable expenses in response to COVID. This expansion was partially offset by the impact of lower contingents and GSCs. Our income before income taxes grew by 6.2%, which was slower than total revenue growth, primarily due to higher intercompany interest expense and the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.  Slide number 12. Our Services segment increased total revenue and organic revenue by 5.7%, primarily due to increased claims associated with recent winter weather events. For the quarter, EBITDAC grew by 21.4%, driven by the leveraging of revenue growth and managing our expense base in response to COVID-19. Income before income taxes decreased 7.9% due to a credit recorded for estimated acquisition earn-out payables in the prior year. Few comments regarding liquidity and cash conversion. We experienced another strong quarter of cash flow generation as we delivered $125 million of cash flow from operations as compared to $34 million in the first quarter 2020. Our ratio of cash flow from operations as a percentage of total revenue increased to 15.3% this quarter, which is more in line with historic performance. Keep in mind that this ratio is generally the lowest in the first quarter due to the payment of year-end bonuses and then is much higher in the other quarters. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. From an economic standpoint, we believe the speed of vaccine rollouts, the overall vaccination rate, the pace of state reopenings and any additional stimulus will ultimately influence business confidence and drive economic expansion. We believe there should be further economic improvement through the remainder of 2021. As we talk with our carrier partners, we expect premium rates to increase at similar levels through most of '21, but may moderate slightly in the second half of the year. Please remember, we're starting to see a gap between renewal increases and new business pricing. While M&A in the first quarter was a bit slow for the overall industry, we believe the acquisition space will remain very active and competitive between long-term strategics and temporary private equity sponsors. This will result in continued aggressive pricing for deals. However, we remain well positioned with our low leverage to capital on our balance sheet and access to additional capital to fund our M&A activity. Our pipeline remains good, and we're talking with lots of companies.  We're very pleased with the progress of our technology and data initiatives. Our investments in technology continue to focus on the following areas: optimizing and enhancing our utilization of data and analytics, expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services, and engaging in initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes. The financial and operational performance for the first quarter was outstanding, and it was driven through the efforts of our 11,000-plus teammates and their commitment to help our customers win.  While there may be some volatility in growth in future quarters, we have good momentum across the business, a highly diversified company, a great team, and we are well positioned for continued profitable growth. I would like to make 1 comment to the analysts during questions that we would encourage you to keep your questions to 2 questions, so we can allow everyone to cycle through. And if you have more than 2, you can get back in the queue. With that, let me turn it back over to Holly to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on organic revenue growth. Powell, you mentioned in your closing comments that the economic improvement should continue during the remainder of the year. You also alluded to still healthy price increases, maybe some level of moderation. But if we combine that with, what looks like a pretty impressive Q1 organic number, should we think about the back 3 quarters to just continuing to accelerate, given that the comps, right, will get much easier given COVID compressed organic in the back 3 quarters of last year?
Powell Brown: Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Elyse, and we thought it was a really good quarter. So I would say a couple of things. Number one, why did we -- as we stated, why did we have such a good quarter? Number one, we wrote a lot of new business. We did get rate on most of our book and our retention was good. That's the first thing. The second thing you need to understand in Retail is -- and we've talked about this before, but there is a heavy weighting on employee benefits in Q1 of the year. So we don't give, as you know, organic growth guidance. But based on what you have said, those are positive things against the comps in the next 3 quarters. But I don't want you to get ahead of yourself, too.
Andy Watts: Elyse, a couple other things. Elyse, it's Andy. A couple other things to keep in mind is -- and probably important. Look at -- you need to look at the 4 segments independently and don't just kind of throw a blanket over the entire company because the segments are going to perform differently in the back end of the year, more than likely the remainder of the year. Specifically, if you look at National Programs, we had an incredible year for our lender-placed business in 2020. We are expecting growth in 2021, but not at the level that we saw last year. So that will dampen some of the growth in the back end of the year. Again, still have growth, probably just not the level that we experienced in National Programs last year, even in Q1.
Powell Brown: And in services, we don't -- we had the winter storms. So if we have more storms, then that could -- but those are the 2 that jump out.
Andy Watts: That's why there's going to be puts and takes in the different segments.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. But there's no -- other than the employee benefits, when we're thinking just about Retail, we can think about the employee benefits concentration in the Q1? And then my comment of -- we can think about that segment benefiting from easier comps as we move through the year?
Powell Brown: Yes. Probably easier comp in the second quarter. The question, I guess, that we're at least thinking about is as it relates to the third and fourth quarter, the benefit of rate increase year-over-year, we do think will probably moderate in the back end of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question is on the margins. You guys had pointed to flat to modest improvement in your margins for the year. You came in better than that in the first quarter. But you also, to my earlier question, right, saw a pretty impressive organic growth. So approaching almost double-digit organic. Thought maybe the -- could you pull out more margin improvement than we saw in the Q1 as we think about going through the rest of the year? Can you just update us on that full year margin view?
Powell Brown: Andy?
Andy Watts: Yes. When we made our commentary at year-end, we said that we anticipated full year '21 to be flat to slightly positive. It was a great Q1 on top and bottom line. We still think that we'll have some margin expansion in '21. We're not going to change any specific guidance for the full year. We got another 3 quarters to go, but we feel good about the business and where we're positioned.
Operator: And we'll now move to our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James.
Greg Peters: I'll limit it to 2 questions. So I guess I'm going to follow-up on the organic questions that Elyse asked. If I go back to the first quarter of last year, you specifically called out an impact to revenue from ASC 606 of about $10.5 million. And also, you called out a benefit to guaranteed -- GSCs of almost $9 million. And I'm not hearing any similar commentary this -- for this first quarter. So I was wondering if you could sort of update us on some of the moving parts that you commented on in the first quarter last year and how they performed in the first quarter this year?
Andy Watts: Perfect. Greg, the -- let's see, on the first one regarding the adjustment that we took in Q1 of last year, again, that adjustment was to reflect what we believe would be the impact to our revenues for the policies that were in effect last year. So as we make it around to Q1 of this year, we're now on a comparative basis with that adjustment. So you would not want to take that $10 million and somehow put it into the equation for Q1 of this year. That would not be an appropriate comparative. Okay.  And then at least as to how we're thinking about the contingents and GSCs, we had a good Q1. We did -- as we've talked about before, if there's normally going to be noise in any quarter, it will normally be the first quarter because that's when we generally receive a lot of our cash for what we accrued in the prior year. So you could either have ups or downs. We had a little bit of year-over-year benefit in Q1, not a tremendous amount. So still, at least on a full year basis, thinking somewhere flat to a little bit up. We still got 3 more quarters to go.
Greg Peters: Yes. Okay. And then my second question will be on -- it's a two part, but they're so-called limited with 1 question. It's on M&As. We're seeing in the press news of producers leaving different firms, moving to other firms. And then at the same time, we're watching the Willis-Aon merger sort of evolve. And you recognized in your first quarter that the acquisition pipeline -- the acquisition numbers were a little bit light. Can you talk about producer retention at Brown & Brown? And can you talk about how you're thinking about the M&A pipeline for the balance of the year?
Powell Brown: Okay. So producer retention at Brown & Brown is good, and we're very pleased with that, number one. Number two, as to your comment or statement around people leaving other firms or wherever they're leaving, we would remind you that we have nonsolicitation and nonpiracy agreements that we believe in, we abide by, and we expect others to do that. So if someone were to join us from another firm, we want them to abide by that. And if someone were to leave Brown & Brown, we would expect they would abide by that.  That's the second thing. The merger that you talked about between those 2 large firms, it is, number one, you didn't ask this, but is it going to happen? And the answer is absolutely, I think it's going to happen. But they may have to sell more revenue than they anticipated initially, one. Two, anything that -- time is not their friend. They want to get it done as quickly as possible. And therefore, there continues to be changes and you may read about people that are leaving or considering leaving or whatever the case may be. As it relates to acquisitions, I would like to remind you that acquisitions don't occur on our time line or on a quarterly basis, as you know, Greg. They occur when the sellers want to -- or they come to the conclusion that they're ready to part with what is many times their largest single asset. So it's not just a financial decision. It's an emotional decision as well. So we think that there's going to be plenty of opportunities from an acquisition standpoint. We think that there continues to be lots of change in the market. And what we've tried to do, as you know, is continue to build capabilities at Brown & Brown to enable our producers to be successful, not only to retain their customers, but to write lots of new customers. And so we are very pleased on where we are on that part.
Operator: And we'll now move to our next question from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Actually, a quick follow-up for my first question from the last question on the Aon, Willis Tower. And you mentioned brokers and people. And Powell, you mentioned it's going to go through, but they're going to have to sell some stuff maybe more than they say. How much interest do you think you have and anything that might have to be sold off?
Powell Brown: Well, we don't comment on transactions that haven't occurred or things that -- so what I would say is this. We are always interested in looking at good businesses that we believe could fit culturally and make sense financially. So that's not an exclusive statement around what you just asked, but we are interested in good businesses and -- that fit culturally and make sense financially. So we don't like the term never or always. Those are a little extreme.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Second question then just on overall competition. And Powell, you mentioned a couple of things here. The gap between renewal and new business, one, and then just overall competition in new business, I think you mentioned in your opening commentary. I guess, can you elaborate more on where, I guess, you're seeing new business competition more intense than other areas in certain geographies or certain lines where you're seeing more competition there?
Powell Brown: Sure. So Michael, I'm going to make some fairly broad statements, but remember, this would be most applicable to middle and upper middle market accounts, okay? So that's the first thing. So depending on where you are, there are certain areas in the country where we're starting to see it more often than not. So let's say, the Northeast or the Midwest are areas where we're seeing it more commonly than maybe Denver in the Mountain states. And so that's an example. And so I want to clarify exactly what I'm saying because for those of you that have followed Brown & Brown for more than 5 or 6 or 7 years, you've heard this story before, which is the following. Basically, if you have an account, and let's say that account is in the Northeast, and it's a manufacturer or a beer distributor or whatever the case may be, and it has good loss experience. And the incumbent company, whoever that is, wants a 6% or 7% rate increase overall on the account, that would not be -- it could be 3%, it could be 6% or 7%. Let's just say it's 6% for sake of this discussion. If it was possible to take the exact account, something that looked exactly the same, with the exact same loss experience and you submitted it to the market, it's a different name, it's a different account, but it looked exactly the same to the incumbent market that wanted the 6% rate increase on our customer, they would write that. We're starting to see them write that at the expiring rates, okay? So why is that important? I'm not saying that's happening universally across the board. I am not saying -- we're not saying it's happening in every geographic area. But what we're saying is we're starting to see it, and it's not just in 1 area or 1 account. So it may be anecdotal, but it's more broadly spaced than 1 geographic region. We believe that, that is the beginning of -- where you start to see some topping out in certain areas, and you're starting to see that in some of the rate increases because you can't have, let's just use in Florida property, 20% on top of 20% on top of 20%, another 20%. I'm not saying it's not possible, but I'm saying the insured feels like they've been whipsawed. And so we start to have customers that as rates continue to go up, they start thinking about terms and conditions. Terms, meaning do we change our deductible? Do we not buy that excess layer of something? Do we put a bigger deductible on our site -- whatever it is, there's multiple ways to manage cost but it's not just coverage, but it's such a huge issue on how to manage those cost increases.  That also has a tendency to moderate the overall impact of the revenue increase on the account. It's important to note that.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Mark Hughes from Truist.
Mark Hughes: On the organic growth in Retail, you've talked around a lot of this, no doubt, but the -- how much is new business versus rate? And I'll throw in there how much of those perhaps related -- that the rate is driving policyholders to look for new partners and that has allowed you to drive the new business activity?
Powell Brown: Well, let's, Mark, remember. We don't talk about the specific impact of new business versus rate. But historically, I want you to know that we've always said, we believe that 2/3 to 3 quarters of the impact is exposure units. Not rates. So that'd be 1/3 -- 1/4 to 1/3 is rate. Having said that, we have said that we wrote a lot of new business in Q1. So I do want to make sure you heard that. We wrote a lot of new business in Q1, and we're happy about that. So having said that, you are tapping on something that is universally applicable across the entire platform and all of the divisions, but specifically Retail, Wholesale and Programs, which is capacity, meaning new capacity. That could be new capacity and liability, new capacity and property, new capacity and professional liability. And so in the first quarter and just like in prior quarters, we do have some very good relationships with carrier partners that have enabled us to win with them, to deliver winning solutions to our customers. And we're constantly and consistently looking for those new solutions. So what worked last year may not work this year, as you know.  So we are constantly searching the marketplace, not just domestically, but kind of worldwide for capacity to deliver either a product, which could be in our Retail space or on a basis of more proprietary product through our Wholesale or Programs space. I hope that answered your question.
Mark Hughes: Yes. It's definitely helpful. And then on the cat capacity for property, I think you're talking about Binding Authority. 2Q is a big quarter for Florida renewals. Is limited cat capacity -- is that going to impact you in 2Q?
Powell Brown: Yes. We've talked about how we see it for sure impacting us on our personal lines, but also on the smaller Binding Authority business. So we believe that carriers in that space continue to reevaluate how they're going to reposition, maybe is the right term, their books of business in places like Florida. That's probably a nice way of saying that there's probably some business that they don't want to be on, and then there's probably some business that they will be on and open up some capacity, hopefully for us as well. So we think that probably balances out. But we don't -- I don't want to give you the impression that -- on the Binding Authority that it's like wide open right now because it is absolutely not wide open in cat prone areas. It's on a more limited basis, and cat capacity is a little bit like gold, as you know.
Operator: And we'll now move to our next question from Derek Han from KBW.
Derek Han: Can you hear me okay?
Powell Brown: Yes, we can hear you, Derek. Go ahead.
Derek Han: So my first question is, you talked about how new business opportunities are driving organic growth for the quarter. Were there any unusual factors or maybe onetime benefits that were impacting the organic growth as well as margins?
Andy Watts: Derek, it's Andy here. No, nothing material that we called out for the quarter.
Derek Han: Okay. And then my second question is, Andy, last quarter, you talked about how some of the businesses were delaying investments. Have you seen that trend kind of subside in 1Q and then further into 2Q? Or is it really more of the same?
Andy Watts: Yes. That's on -- really on the customer side of things -- I think our comment was. We had mentioned in our earlier discussion that at least business confidence is starting to improve, Derek. At least from what we're seeing today, we would not say that we're "out of the woods" and that business owners across the board, all industries, all geographies are feeling really bullish about their businesses. Some clearly are, and they've had great 2020 years and probably have kicked off well to '21. But there's still a lot of companies that are figuring out how to really get restarted, how much to put back into their investments, when to put it back in. So still probably early days before we say it's wide open.
Operator: We'll now move to our next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: My first question going back to your M&A commentary. So I just want to make sure I'm thinking about this correctly. So if there is a cultural fit and makes financial sense, you are open to opportunities, even if they would be outside of the norm or of the core type of acquisitions that you've done in the past? Namely if they -- if you see businesses that get dislodged in other regions of the world, or in some verticals that you may not necessarily have the strength in today, those would be open opportunities for you. Is that fair?
Powell Brown: Yaron, the answer is yes, as long as they're in the insurance space. I'm making the assumption. I don't like to assume anything, but they are insurance businesses of some sort. But yes, we would consider and we would evaluate them. And if, in fact, they were overseas, obviously, you have to think about regulatory issues and all kinds of other things. But yes, we would be open to consider that. Yes.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my second 1 is really quick. IT expenses. I think last year, you talked about some uptick in IT expenses. Were they just flat year-over-year in the first quarter? Or did you see any change year-over-year?
Andy Watts: Andy here. No, we didn't have any material year-over-year increases that we need to call out. One of the things that we have been talking about over the past year or 2 is where we are on our technology initiatives, the benefits that we're getting from some of those previous investments, those benefits allowing us to redeploy some of that capital into some of our newer initiatives around innovation and the experience for the customer. So we feel really good where we are right now on overall spend.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: I think one of the words that got the most headlines, questions from the last earnings call was choppiness. And it feels like -- and not looking for organic guidance in any way, but it feels like maybe some of the concerns around choppiness in organic growth this year may have abated. I was just hoping you can kind of give us an update and to think about the standard deviations in organic that we might see this year.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Phil, I think that choppiness now would be more specifically defined as in certain industries. So I'll give you an example. You start talking to people in the services industries like restaurants and theme parks and related things you see -- where you're seeing people having a hard time hiring people back. So that business may be choppy. I'm not saying all of them are like this, but that might be 1 example on an extreme end. And on the other side, you might say, if you want to get a contractor, everywhere around the country seems to be -- not in major metropolitan areas -- seems to be off the hook. So homebuilders and all kinds of stuff and the cost of wood and all that other stuff. So having said that, is that statement a correct statement? I believe that, that statement is at face value probably fair. What I would say is this. There is a difference between CEO or business owner confidence level and the way that you see people standing at the outside bar on your way home on a Friday night because the bar that I passed on the way home is packed.  And there's nobody with a mask, not a one, not in sight. And it's outside and everybody is allegedly -- I'd say, apparently, there's no COVID at that bar. But what I'm trying to say is there's still a little gap there. And until we start seeing business owners saying, we're all in, in terms of reinvesting in their business, buying new equipment, doing things like that, we're still not totally there. But do we think it is less choppy? I think that, that's fair. And I also think that it depends on the industry. Certain industries are still just really bumpy. And then others are coming back with vengeance.
Andy Watts: Yes. So we got a lot of -- we had a lot of discussions post the fourth quarter. And candidly, it feels like people have read way, way too much into the word choppiness, which was not -- one, not the intent. What we're trying to do is we're trying to just give everybody a feel that -- and we said this in previous quarters. We do not believe that this recovery is going to be linear in nature. We really don't. By the way, it'd be great if it was, but we don't think that's reality. We just think that there's going to be unusual ups and downs, how people are thinking about buying insurance, how they're looking at their renewal dates, et cetera, hiring people back. That's just going to cause things to be different during this recovery than in a normal market. That's all. And that just -- it's just going to need a little bit of time to work itself out. And again, we feel positive about the direction of where things are going. We just try to be a realist that there's going to be some unusual ups and downs every now and then.
Phil Stefano: Okay. And the follow-up to that is maybe looking a bit more internally. And I guess I was hoping you could give us an idea of how has the conversations that you have with the regional managers changed over the past several months? Does it feel like they have an all-in mentality with investments in the way that they're thinking about their business? Or is there some hesitation internally in thinking about the investments that you're making?
Powell Brown: So Phil, thanks for the question. Number one, we don't have regional managers. We have regional leaders. It's just the nuance at Brown & Brown, as you know. And number two, I want to -- yes, I think it's important. We don't have employees. We have teammates. And we don't have managers. We have leaders at Brown & Brown as a clarification. Having said that, I want to assure you this. We've been all in the whole time. So there is no question about the way our team has navigated the last 5 quarters. I can tell you that. And here's the thing. I could not -- and it's not about me, but I could not be more pleased at how our senior leadership team has navigated, what I would say, is one of the most difficult, unusual environments that any of us has ever been in. So having said that, this is different than the Great Recession in 2008, '09, '10, '11, '12. And what I mean by that is there's lot of things that people have had to deal with, different kinds of things as it relates to isolation, about mental wellness, I call it brain health -- we call it brain health and things like that. And so what I would tell you is our teammates are pumped, generally speaking, to come back in the office, to see other teammates and allow them to have a separation of home and work. And so that's a long-winded answer, but we are very pleased how the senior leadership did. We are very pleased about the way they thought about investing, in the way they thought about their businesses during this very difficult time. And equally as important is we're excited about the opportunity for new people to join our team and be large contributors to the progress on our way to $4 billion and beyond.
Phil Stefano: All right. Well, congrats on the quarter and apologies for the poor terminology there, but I.
Powell Brown: No, no, no. We're just clarifying. Thanks, Phil.
Operator: We'll now move to our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Great. I wanted to go back to the comments and just help me understand what was going on. Powell and Andy, you talked about the moving pieces on employee compensation and benefits and noncash stock compensation. And then you also talked about the other operating expense. And so you gave us sort of a benchmark that we should look for -- and I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think you said we should look for employee compensation benefits as a percentage of revenue to be flat in '21 versus '20 and not look at the first quarter. Do you want to make a similar comment on -- or some type of comment regarding other operating expense?
Andy Watts: Maybe just a couple of points of clarification, Greg. I don't think we -- what we were trying to do in there was give guidance on the ratio of employee benefits as a percentage of revenue. And so what we are trying to be able to do was to just help everybody understand when they looked at the ratio or when all of you look at the ratio for the first quarter, it looks like it's actually up year-over-year. And we're just trying to give really kind of the 2 components inside of there, what stock comp did, the noncash stock comp, the impact for the first quarter, and we gave guidance of what we thought that'd be for the full year, and then the impact of our deferred compensation cost. Again, that moves up and down, has no impact really on margins in the quarter, but it moves between salary and the benefits as well as OpEx. So we kind of gave that piece up that's out there. So hopefully, that then gives you an idea of what other operating did as well as salaries and related for the quarter.
Greg Peters: Okay. Well, I'll go back to the transcript. There's a lot of -- I got to unpack a lot of information there.
Powell Brown: No problem. Give a call afterwards, if you want to chat some more about it.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Mark Hughes from Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Just on that point, I think you said the $10 million increase was maybe 200 basis points in extra margin. That was the differential. But on a full year basis, you look for noncash stock comp to be steady. Is that to say the margin will be -- it will be a good guy in the subsequent quarters?
Andy Watts: Yes. So markets -- the stock comp is about a 100 basis point impact on margins in the quarter as a bad guy. But on a full year basis, we're expecting stock comp to be relatively similar to '20, barring our performance for the following 3 quarters, which may cause us to adjust that up or down.
Mark Hughes: Yes. So as it stands today, it's probably a good guy, a modest good guy, depending on that. I don't know that you answered or addressed the issue of T&E spending. I think you gave us some good thoughts on margin overall. But how about the potential ramp in T&E?
Powell Brown: Yes. So Mark, here's what we would say. Number one, as you know, in a decentralized sales and service organization, our leaders run their businesses like their own. And so they were very efficient to begin with, number one. Number two, we saw a pretty significant drop-off in T&E, as you have said. And in different businesses, in different parts of the country, we're already starting to travel and see people or they're allowing us to come out and see them. And we anticipate it would be just -- it would be speculative in terms of when we get back to whatever we get to. But what I would say is this. We want to see our customers, and they want to see us. So there is a feeling of desire on both parts to see people. So we think that in some businesses that will pick up more quickly than others. Do we think it will be back to so-called what it was before by the end of the year? I don't know about that. But I think that we're going to see absolutely a pickup. And if, in fact, the COVID vaccination rollouts and COVID in America continues to move in the right direction, meaning not spike or things like that, I think that's going to add to it.
Andy Watts: And Mark, on that one, just make sure everybody takes into consideration everything we've said. We made a mention of that during year-end commentary that we do anticipate that it will grow during 2021 versus '20. But when we gave our guidance on margin expansion for 2021, that included the fact that we knew that our variable costs are going to go up during 2021, okay?
Powell Brown: Holly, we'll take 1 final question, okay, if there is 1 in the queue.
Operator: There are currently no more telephone questions.
Powell Brown: Okay. Perfect. Well, thank you all very much for your time and questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day, and good luck.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded.  Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors.  Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's businesses and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. I'd like to take a few minutes to make some high level comments about our business and how we performed last year. We came into 2020 with great momentum and this continued into the first quarter, delivering 5.6% organic growth. Then COVID-19 hit the US economy and things changed dramatically. While there was significant uncertainty, we knew we had a great team that is resilient, responsive and innovative, with a focus on providing solutions to our customers.  In addition, we were able to quickly transition over 10,000 teammates to a remote working environment in less than a week, so they could pivot and effectively serve our customers.  As you may remember, we didn't grow as quickly in the second quarter due to the impact of the pandemic on our new business and the recording of revenue adjustments for general liability policies while we still expanded our margins.  Then in the third quarter, we delivered outstanding results with strong organic growth and margin expansion. The results of the fourth quarter were similar to the third quarter as we finished the year strong and with good momentum going into 2021.  Based on what we were seeing, if you had asked me if it was likely that we would deliver full year results with good organic growth and meaningful margin expansion, I would have said it was possible, but unlikely. That's if you had asked me that in, let's say, April. We're very pleased with our results for 2020. We were able to deliver these results through the hard work of our teammates and their dedication to our customers. 2020 was a testament to our laser focus on delivering innovative risk solutions.  We also thought the M&A landscape would cool off for several quarters until there was some sort of economic stability. The slowdown only occurred for about one quarter and the industrywide activity has now rebounded to pre COVID-19 levels. Even with the uncertainty this year, we're very pleased to have completed 25 acquisitions and $197 million have acquired annual revenue. I'd like to highlight two strategic acquisitions, CoverHound out that we completed in the fourth quarter and O'Leary Insurances that we announced in the fourth quarter and closed on the 14th of January.  Regarding CoverHound, this acquisition will help us in many ways. First, it will help us further our investment in technology, drive our innovation agenda and improve our carrier connectivity. Second, it enables us to more effectively and efficiently provide quotes and bond coverage for our national programs segment. Third, it enables us to better serve smaller customers within our retail segment. Ultimately, these items are focused on enhancing the customer buying experience by delivering curated quotes that best meet the needs of our customers. We believe these new capabilities are unique in the marketplace.  We started 2020 with the acquisition of Special Risk in British Columbia and finished the year with our acquisition of O'Leary Insurances in Ireland. O'Leary was the largest independently owned retail broker serving the Irish marketplace. This acquisition strengthens our European operations, which we look forward to further developing in the years ahead. Our new teammates and capabilities will deliver many opportunities over the coming years.  We're extremely proud of our results in 2020 and the delivery of total shareholder returns in excess of 20%. I'd like to thank all of our teammates for everything they did to make it a great year.  As you've seen in the press release, Tony Strianese has taken on the role of chairman of our wholesale segment, and Steve Boyd will become our president of wholesale. Steve's background in national programs as an operator and in technology brings critical skills to leadership team at wholesale as we continue to grow this important business through innovative solutions. I'm excited that Tony and Steve will be working together to further drive this growth in the future.  Now, let's transition to the results of the quarter and the full year. I'm on slide number 3. We delivered strong results again this quarter. Total revenue was $642 million, growing 10.9% in total and 4.7% organically. I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the performance of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 27.1% which is up 10 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2019. Please remember that the fourth quarter of 2019 included a gain on sale of business that benefited the prior-year margin by approximately 100 basis points.  Our net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.34, increasing 25.9% on an as-reported basis. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, our net income per share was $0.32, an increase of 14.3% over the prior year. Our team did an outstanding job of continuing to profitably grow our revenue, as well as manage our expenses in response to the dynamics associated with COVID-19.  During the quarter, we completed another nine acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $80 million. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter.  For the year, we grew total revenues at 9.2% and delivered organic revenue growth of 3.8%. This was an outstanding performance, given the economic headwinds experienced for most of the year. We improved our EBITDAC margin by 110 basis points to 31.1% compared to 2019 As we leverage the growth in organic revenue and managed our expenses in response to the pandemic. Our net income per share for the full year of 2020 increased 20.7% to $1.69 from $1.40 in 2019. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in acquisition earnouts, net income per share increased 19.3%.  Lastly, we had another strong year of M&A activity, as I said earlier, closing 25 acquisitions with approximate $197 million of annual revenue, adding many excellent businesses and teammates. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail.  Now on slide 5. In prior calls, we talked about factors that would impact the economic recovery, which included the elections, the approval of the vaccine and the timing of the rollout, as well as how much additional stimulus would be approved. The timing of the vaccine rollout and the approval of additional stimulus will have the largest impact upon the recovery of the economy and will influence business leaders' confidence about rehiring and investing in their businesses.  During the fourth quarter, we continued to see companies doing well and others struggling mightily. We've seen improving new business and our retention remains good. However, we continue to believe it will be choppy, a choppy recovery through at least the end of 2021 and maybe into early 2022.  From a rate standpoint, the fourth quarter was very similar to the third quarter. Most standard rates were up 3% to 7%, with E&S rates up 10% to 25% as compared to the prior year. As we've talked about before, the main driver of rate increases continues to be loss experienced. Commercial auto rates remain up 10% or more. And workers' compensation rates are not declining as fast as they were in previous quarters, but they're still negative. There has been a lot of talk over the past few quarters that workers' compensation rates are turning positive. However, we're still not seeing it across the board yet. For an E&S perspective, coastal property, both wind and quake, were up 15% to 25%, professional liability generally up to 10% to 25% depending on the coverage and the industry.  We continue to see outliers in these lines of coverage. Personal lines in California, Florida and the Gulf Coast states remain under intense pressure as carriers are seeking to reduce their exposure due to fires and some tropical activity during 2020. We expect a reduction in personal lines capacity continue throughout 2021.  Placing coverage for many lines, certain industries, or customers with significant losses continued to be challenging. This includes excess or umbrella coverage where carrier or carriers will seek a combination of lower limit and higher premium rates. We don't expect this trend to materially change in 2021.  Now on slide number 6. Let's discuss the performance of our four segments. Our Retail segment organic revenue growth grew by 1.5% for the fourth quarter. As we mentioned in our third quarter earnings call, we had about 100 basis points of timing items that benefited the growth in the third quarter and negatively impacted the growth in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter performance was driven by new business, better customer retention and premium rate increases, but was impacted by lower exposure units resulting from the pandemic.  We view the performance for the fourth quarter good, considering we delivered 7% organic growth in the fourth quarter of last year, and taking into consideration the timing headwinds mentioned earlier. Organic revenue growth for the full year was 2.4% which we consider a good performance in light of the tough economic environment.  Our National Programs segment grew 14.1% organically, delivering another stellar quarter. Our growth was driven by strong new business, retention and rate increases. Some of the top performing programs were our lender placed commercial and residential earthquake, wind and personal property, just to name a few.  For the full year, our National Programs segment grew organically an impressive 12.3%. A huge thanks to Chris Walker and all of the team at National Programs for delivering a great quarter and a great year.  Our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 5.8% organically for the quarter. We realized strong new business and continued rate increases for most lines of coverage. Brokerage was the fastest growing again this quarter, while we continued to experience headwinds in our binding authority and personal lines businesses due to the economy and carrier appetite we mentioned previously. For the full year, our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 5.5% organically, delivering another good year.  The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 50 basis points for the fourth quarter, representing good improvement from the last few quarters. The main drivers depressing growth continued to be lower claims volume for Social Security and Medicare certified advocacy businesses. The decline was substantially offset by revenue generated by processing claims for weather-related events that occurred in the third and fourth quarters.  For the full year, organic revenue decreased by 10.9%, driven by lower claims for our social security advocacy business, certain terminated customer contracts and the impact of the pandemic.  While not back in positive territory, we believe the fourth quarter was a turning point and we anticipate delivering modest organic growth for 2021.  Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail. 
Andrew Watts : Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Moving on to slide number 7. Like previous quarters, when I discuss our GAAP results, certain non-GAAP financial highlights as well as our adjusted results excluding the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables.  For the fourth quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $63.1 million or 10.9%, an organic revenue growth of 4.7%. Our EBITDAC increased by 11.3%, growing slightly faster than revenues as we're able to leverage our expense base and further manage our expenses in response to COVID-19.  These both offset the headwinds associated with the gain on disposal recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019 and increased non-cash stock-based compensation.  Our income before income taxes increased by 28.3%, outpacing EBITDAC growth. This is primarily driven by the $15 million year-on-year decrease in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.  On the next slide, we'll discuss our results excluding this adjustment. Our net income increased by $20.8 million or 27.2% and our immediate net income per share increased by 25.9% to $0.34. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 25.7%. substantially in line with the 25% we realized in the fourth quarter of 2019.  Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.093 or 9.4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019.  Over on to slide number 8, this slides presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis.  During the fourth quarter of 2020, the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables was a credit of $9.5 million as compared to a $5.5 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2019. The credit was primarily driven by the reduction in estimated earn-out payables for an acquisition within the National Programs segment.  Excluding the change in acquisition earnouts in the fourth quarter of both years, our income before income tax grew $13.9 million or 12.9%. Our net income on an adjusted basis increased by $9.7 million or 12%. And our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.32, an increase of 14.3%. Overall, it was a great quarter. We'll move over to slide number 9. The slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 10.9% in our contingent commissions and GSCs were slightly down for the quarter. Our organic revenues, which exclude the net impact of M&A activity, increased by 4.7% for the fourth quarter.  Moving to slide number 10. Our Retail segment total revenue growth was 7.2%, driven by acquisition activity and organic revenue growth of 1.5%. The timing discussed above negatively impacted our organic revenue by 100 basis points for the quarter.  EBITDAC grew 5.3% due to leveraging organic revenue and cost savings achieved in response to the pandemic. This growth was slower than the growth in total revenues primarily due to a prior-year gain on disposal that represented a negative year-over-year impact of approximately 150 basis points. Our income before income tax margin increased 130 basis points and grew faster than EBITDAC due primarily to the change in estimated acquisition earnouts.  Moving on to slide number 11, our National Programs segment increased total revenues by $25.3 million or 18.9% and organic revenue by 14.1%. The increase in total revenue was driven by recent acquisitions and strong organic growth across many programs.  EBITDAC growth of 19% was in line with total revenue growth. The leveraging of strong organic revenue and the management of variable cost was offset by higher intercompany IT charges and lower contingent commissions. Income before income taxes increased by $20.3 million or 54%, growing faster than EBITDAC due to decrease acquisition earn-out payables that was partially offset by higher intercompany interest expense.  Over to slide number 12. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 19.2% and organic revenue growth of 5.8%. Total revenue grew faster than organic revenue due to recent acquisitions with contingent commissions substantially flat year-over-year.  EBITDAC grew by 17.1%, with a margin decline of 40 basis points as compared to the prior year. While we delivered good organic growth and reduced variable expenses in response to COVID-19, these were more than offset due to changes in foreign exchange rates and, to a lesser extent, higher intercompany IT charges. Our income before income taxes grew by 6.2%, which was lower than total revenue growth, primarily due to higher intercompany interest expense.  Over to slide number 13. Total revenues and organic revenues for the Services segment both declined by about 50 basis points, driven by the items Powell mentioned earlier.  For the quarter, EBITDAC increased by 9.7% due to increased weather-related claims and was partially offset by higher intercompany IT expenses.  Income before income taxes decreased 23.6% due to a credit of $2.5 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019 for the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables that did not occur in 2020.  Over to slide number 14. This slide presents our GAAP results for the full-year 2020 over 2019. For 2020, we delivered revenues of $2.6 billion, growing 9.2%, and earnings per share of $1.69, growing 20.7%. Our EBITDAC increased by 13.5%. And our EBITDAC margin grew by 110 basis points. For the year, our share count increased slightly as compared to the prior year and our dividends paid during 2020 as compared to 2019 increased by 7.1%.  Over to slide number 15, this slide presents our results excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. For the full year of 2020, on an adjusted basis, our income before income taxes grew 18.1%, which outpaced EBITDAC growth due to lower interest expense and our adjusted net income per share grew by 19.3%. In addition to the strong income performance metrics, we also had another strong year for cash conversion due to the strength of our operating model and diversity of our businesses. We delivered $721.6 million of cash flow from operations, representing a continued strong conversion rate of 27.6% as a percentage of revenue.  We also finished the year in a strong liquidity position, with $817 million of cash and cash equivalents as well as $800 million of accessible capital on our revolver. With this capital and the cash we will generate in 2021, we are in a good position to fund continued investments in our company.  We've got a few other comments regarding outlook for 2021. During the third quarter, we were asked a question about our potential margins for 2021 in relation to the COVID-19 savings we had in 2020.  Now, with the year completed and a bit more visibility in 2021, we expect EBITDAC margins could be flat to up slightly considering our variable costs will more than likely increase as we're able to travel and see customers face to face. As we've done in the past, our leaders will be focused on growing profitably. Regarding contingents, we are anticipating them to be relatively flat or maybe down slightly in 2021.  As it pertains to taxes, we expect our effective tax rate for 2021 to be in the range of 23% to 24%. This does not take into consideration any potential changes in the federal tax rates that are being discussed by the new administration.  For interest expense, we're anticipating a $7 million and $9 million increase as compared to 2020, driven by the new bonds we issued in September of 2020.  From a capital perspective, we are expecting our CapEx to decrease in 2021 to approximately $40 million to $45 million as we have substantially completed the development of our new Daytona Beach campus.  With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments. 
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a good report. In my opening comments, I mentioned there are still a few items that need to be resolved over the coming quarters. We will watch closely the successful rollout of the vaccine and additional stimulus to help those in need. Both of these items will influence the pace of economic recovery over the coming quarters.  From a rate perspective, we expect increases for the first six months of 2021 to be similar to those seen in 2020. Ultimately, the rate of increases will be driven by losses sustained in 2020 from the record setting number of tropical storms and the millions of acres that were burned. The question remains for how much longer and at what pace rates need to achieve the targeted returns. We think the market is getting near an inflection point over the coming year for certain lines that will drive some rate moderation.  The acquisition pace seems to be as active as ever, and competition between private equity and long term strategics remains. We continue to believe the aggressive pricing for deals like PE [ph] will not abate anytime soon. However, we're well positioned with our low leverage and the capital on our balance sheet, as well as access to additional capital on our M&A activity. Our pipeline remains good. And we will keep our disciplined approach to M&A as it's proven to be very successful. But as you know, we don't count anything until it's closed.  Finally, technology innovation continues to be at the forefront regarding creation of new products and enhancing the experience of our customers. We will continue to digitize our data, automate and prioritize technology investments around the following, optimizing and enhancing our data and analytics program, expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services, and engaging in initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes. As we deliver on these goals, we will see new opportunities for growth that will serve our customers even better.  We had a great 2020 on many fronts and have good momentum heading into 2021. I am extremely proud of how our team has served our customers through extremely challenging times. We have a great team in a highly diversified business, those that performed very well in the past and we expect they will in the future.  Ultimately, our financial performance is only possible through the combined efforts of our nearly 11,000 teammates and their commitment to serve our customers.  With that, let me turn it back over to Holly for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our first question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: First, I wanted to start on some of the comments you gave on your margins. So, you said just kind of where you see the market today, it sounds like flat to maybe slight  some slight improvement in margins. Is there a way to give us a sense on what kind of range you assume for organic as we think about whether margins might be flat or improve? Or like the variables, I get that will determine the level of potential margin improvement you see in 2021.
Powell Brown: I know that you've heard us say before that we don't give growth guidance. As we know that we've said, we think our business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. But we wanted to clarify that because there's a lot of talk out there around variable expenses and how you capture or don't capture or whatever. And I think the results this year are a testament to how our system works, which is, at every office, the leader that runs those offices, she or he is responsible for that P&L. And by doing so, they control the expenses that were controllable or variable at the office level. And then, as those individuals are able to go back and travel or serve our customers in a different capacity, we will incur those expenses again. And so, it's not as though we're going to be able to give you  you meaning you, Elyse, or any other analyst  a specific number because that's not the way it works. It works at the very local office level. And we didn't have any extra stuff that we were paying before we thought.  So, I'm sorry, I can't answer your first question because we don't give specifics on organic growth guidance. But I just wanted to give you that kind of feedback on the variable cost.
Elyse Greenspan: Maybe I'll ask it a little bit of a different way. Like, if we look at retail, you guys saw 1.5% organic in the fourth quarter. So, that was one point of timing which you guys had told us. It's still 1.5% organic. And if we adjust for the gain on sale, I think you said like 90 basis points of margin improvement in that segment in the quarter. So, when it's kind of that  was there something one-off in the segment, maybe it comes back to some of this variable comp as we just think about Retail and potential economic bounce back and what that means to that segment's margin other than just thinking to perhaps lower travel, was there anything else that might have been one off in that segment in the quarter?
Andrew Watts: Just for clarity, are you asking you expect for it to be higher or it's higher than you anticipated?
Elyse Greenspan: Wondered if I could get a sense as we think about forward, was there anything kind of one-off within those numbers in the quarter other than just perhaps the continuation of just lower travel-related costs?
Andrew Watts: No material one-off items other than the pieces that we had called out inside of there. So, primarily around the variable cost and then the gain year-over-year. So, we'll continue to manage those as we go into 2021, just as we did during 2020. And we're always focused as an organization as, how do we grow our top line and grow the bottom line profitably and balance that. So, we did really well during 2020. And we have confidence that all of our leaders will be able to do that in 2021.
Elyse Greenspan: Powell, you started off your prepared remarks by talking about some of your recent transactions, O'Leary, which you guys just closed this month. And I believe you pointed to developing your international presence in the years ahead, your presence obviously has more been specific, like the UK area. But can you give us a sense of what does that mean, and I guess, M&A and size and how you think about potential international expansion?
Powell Brown: We're very pleased that the team in Ireland has joined. And I would tell you that O'Leary Insurances is very similar to our organization maybe 20 years ago. It reminds me greatly of us and how they are involved in their communities and they serve their customers and their relationships with their carriers.  So, as a general statement, and this is a very general statement, we, number one, obviously, like the Irish marketplace. Two, we like the fact that some place like Ireland or England or Canada has a rule of law. And so, when you think about that and we think about places where people have built and grow good businesses, and we will continue to look in those areas.  Now, please don't take that comment out of context, Elyse, that says we're now on international spending binge. That is not the case. We evaluate every transaction in a very similar way. And it starts with cultural fit, and does it make sense financially.  And if those two things  if there's a cultural fit, we usually think there's a way to make something work. And so, vetting those and getting the right ones and doing all that, it's just like doing it here in the United States, it's just 7,000 miles away or farther.  And so, we will continue to look at businesses in areas like that. We have looked over the years. And for whatever reason, we haven't  we bought the business at the beginning of the year in Vancouver, Canada. We've looked at businesses in Canada before. And for whatever reason, it just didn't work in the past. And they were good firms, it just didn't work out.  And so, I think that it's another opportunity for us. But I do not want anybody on this call to think that this is some new flavor of the month or something. It's absolutely not that. And we will continue to look for firms that fit our criteria and continue to tell the Brown & Brown story because we're a forever company. And that's appealing to some people. And so, we're really excited about it.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Maybe just a follow-up to the international brokerage acquisition market. I know that it's a small part of this story, it feels like, at this point. But just given that was Elyse's last question, Powell, is there anything that changed? And so, it's two acquisitions and we're not to make a big deal of it. You had said that you looked at this in the past and for whatever reason they didn't come through. Is there anything that changed? It kind of feels like you've been able to click off a couple of wins here. Is the competition any less higher and it allows you to maybe look more seriously at the international or anything from that perspective?
Powell Brown: No, there's nothing that's changed. The competitive landscape is equally as competitive overseas as it is in the United States, be it in North America or in the British Isles. Number one. Number two, I think that  there are lots of people feel that we talked to over the years that are not ready to do something when we start to get to know them, which we believe is a great time to get to know them because they get to know us and we get to know them. And then, over the years, they see how we act as a company and we see how they act as a company. And then there might be a fit down the road. So, I would tell you, we always think that good people attract other good people. People don't work for companies; they work with and for people. And so, having said that, that is absolutely the case in those two acquisitions. And we will continue to look in areas that present exciting growth opportunities and expanding our capabilities. And there's all kinds of things that come out of it to the positive.  But there's nothing that like just all of a sudden said, we're going to pay more or we're going to accept this. Nothing has changed in that regard. 
Phil Stefano: I think, Powell, in the initial remarks, you had talked about expecting a sharper recovery through 2021, maybe into 2022. When we think about new business has improved from third quarter to fourth quarter, is the trend line for that choppiness continued improvement? Or was there choppiness just around a flattish trend line in how we think about new business momentums?
Powell Brown: Yeah, I think it's choppy, like up and down and up and down. Here's the thing that, Phil, you can't fully put your finger on. And so, there are businesses that have  as an example, they have furloughed people. But by furloughing people, they're still on their employee benefit plan as an example. And now, let's say that company has brought back half of the people that were furloughed when they terminated the other half, all of a sudden, you actually have a reduction in exposure unit in that example. And so, it is not as though we have clear line of sight on what every customer is going to do in that regard. So, remember, I think of new business as new new business, a new customer to us and a new line, just a new customer to us, this new business. But you can have an existing customer where you write a P&C and then pick up the benefits, or write the benefits and pick up the P&!C. And I don't consider that a new customer. It's a new line.  But I think the important thing is, remember, we have always talked about our business is a reflection of the middle and upper middle market economy. And so, if you think about all the customers that we touch and have the good fortune to work with and earn their business every day, some of those customers are looking at their business differently today than they have in the past. That could be positive or negative. They could be adding 15 people or they could be releasing 50.  So, the reason we say the choppy part is there's all kinds of variables outstanding. First question. Are people wanting to mandate that their employees get vaccines and come back to work? Well, based on the studies that I've seen so far, about 75% of the companies out there that I'm aware of have said no to that. Okay? So, how does that impact work going forward? What about people that have been hanging on by their fingernails and then all of a sudden they say, we're just going to be done, we're going to hang it up?  We don't see something that indicates that. But I can tell you we are paid to think in advance around the corner, and we're trying to anticipate what could happen in the next three or four quarters. 
Andrew Watts: Phil, you also realistically probably see choppiness in the businesses. Think about through the lens of a business owner and their level of confidence knowing what could happen over the next quarter or four quarters, and then how they invest in their business. And that can be anything from kicking off a new capital project for a building, acquiring another organization, making some sort of an expansion, whatever the case may be, depending upon that level of confidence, they may decide just to delay that by 90 days. And that's just not uncommon. And we saw some of that from the second quarter into the third quarter and the fourth quarter where things just move around back and forth. And that's really why we say it won't surprise us if there's choppiness because we just don't think that there's a consistent level of confidence yet in the marketplace, and we just think that going to take some time to work out during 2021. 
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. 
Michael Zaremski: A follow up to the last question from Phil. And appreciate, Powell, you explained kind of the dynamics around some of the potential organic growth uncertainty and some choppiness. The National Programs segment has been strong for a while now. The dynamics you explained, does that pertain to National Programs as well or should we be thinking there's some more kind of tailwinds that remain strong in that specific segment?
Powell Brown: I think National Programs is a little different than retail in regards to, they may have a limitation or run into a limitation based on their ability to provide capacity, if they  because the demand outstrips the supply. That is not the case today, but I'm saying that could be a  that would be a different kind of, my term, governor for organic growth for them going forward in a wind program or a quake program or something type of program. And so, I say that, because, remember, we're underwriting on behalf of the carrier. We've been delegated the underwriting and forwarding. But there's one carrier or, in some instances, multiple carriers. But in the case of retail, we have access to the entire marketplace. So, virtually, every carrier, we have access to. So, if one carrier, Carrier A, doesn't want to do it, Carrier B and C still may consider it. So, we're very pleased with the growth of National Programs. We do think that there were and continue to be some interesting dynamics in terms of significant rate increases on cat exposed business that would drive some of that growth. And one of the things that we've said, Mike  and we haven't seen it yet, but we've talked to these people and some of these people that there are other providers of capital that are either coming into the marketplace or are in the marketplace that if, in fact, everything else stayed constant, which probably won't be the case, but if they did, in their new capacity, that's either going to moderate the rate increases. Or in some instances, it might even reduce the rates just slightly.  So, I'm just thinking about  if you have a condo in Miami and the thing has gone up 15%, let's just make this up, or more for the last three years, and then all of a sudden somebody comes in and they give a flat renewal to get or even slightly down maybe, you could see that. And you have this very unique time. We think it's obviously  it presents a lot of opportunities and challenges all wrapped up in one.  But I would just tell you that the growth that National Program has enjoyed and delivered, in our opinion, is number one spectacular. But two, we don't give growth guidance, as you know. But I would say that their performance was even higher than we anticipated for 2020. So, I say that just to kind of give you a sense of it because it's a great business. And the market will turn one day and that growth rate will slow down some and things like that. 
Andrew Watts: We might be talking about this on the third quarter earnings call. There's one word, we're extremely, extremely pleased with the organic in the fourth quarter. Definitely, over our expectations. We'd love to see National Programs post another 12%, 14%, 15% every quarter in 2021. We don't know if that is realistic. So, we wouldn't want you to set your expectation in the double digits. That would be great if it happens. But there's a lot of different dynamics in the marketplace. So, just want to make sure you kind of moderate as to how you think about the growth and we're very, very excited about our capabilities in that space and how we can deliver.
Michael Zaremski: In the past, you did strategic deals recently, CoverHound and O'Leary. I'm assuming there's not a major margin impact, given in the past, it's been very helpful that you've broken it out in the depth of the supplement. 
Andrew Watts: Mike, we normally break out larger acquisitions [indiscernible] fall into that category. Both of them do have margins below the average for the organization. But we've taken that into consideration when we gave the guidance of flat to up slightly for 2021. 
Michael Zaremski: I guess, lastly, you've done a good job in kind of copying and investing in technology and innovation, digitalization recently. You're still talking about it. I guess you talked about CapEx decreasing, but CapEx seems kind of like old school world, but should we be thinking about kind of the technology, digitalization investments being a more material percentage of expenses and that's kind of one of the levers we should be thinking about, which if you do decide to invest more in the coming year, so that kind of be somewhat of a governor on margins, given how the market  given organic growth is very healthy and maybe you take some of that healthy organic growth and invest a little bit more in digitization efforts?
Powell Brown: So, Mike, I'd like to address that. And what I would say is this. We are going to make the right investments in the business. And you raised the issue of technology. So, we're going to move that, specifically, as we see fit going forward now and in the future. I don't want to give you the impression that, okay, if we're growing more, then we're going to invest more, or if we're growing less, we're going to invest less. That isn't really the way we think about it. The way we think about it is, where do we want to go? How do we want to get there? And then, what do we need to do, buy, build, partner, to get there? And then, along the journey, we're going to reassess and say, was our original hypothesis correct? Is it validated? Or do we need to course correct midstream? And so, once again, I would tell you this, I think that  and this is a hard one because I know what you as an analyst are trying to do in terms of margin movement and things like this. And we've been very consistent in saying where we thought the margin would be, where the organic growth would be in steady state economies, and even in kind of variable economies, which is what we're in today.  But again, and I said this, and I think it's important for everybody just to pause and think about it, if you had asked Andy and myself in April if we would have delivered 3.8% organic growth and 110 basis points of improved margin, Andy and I, if we could have said it publicly, we would have said it's possible, but the probability is very small based on what we were seeing then.  So, I would take you back to how you thought in April. And so, it's not about just how we thought. It's how you thought. And some people thought the world was coming to an end. And so, what I would tell you is, we couldn't be more proud of the way our team responded because it isn't easy, as you know.  And so, the thing that all this doesn't reflect is the numbers are a result of almost 11,000 teammates busting their butts for their customers every day. And I know you know that, but I will tell you there's a lot that goes into it to deliver these numbers. And so, I couldn't be happier under the circumstances. And we're going to continue to invest in technology. And I think there are lots of opportunities in some of the things that we're doing already, and there will be some that we haven't yet invested in.  Andy?
Andrew Watts: Why don't we just see if we can just hit this head on, so there's no misconception out there. So, if there's a concern that with us talking about innovation and technology that we're going to make the big investment and take the margins backwards, you can go ahead and leave that concern. In 2016, in the first quarter, we talked about our investment program and we laid out a very clear path as to what are we going to do with our margins on the way down and on the way up. And hopefully, we've been really, really clear on that. It's also in our investor deck.  If we have a situation like that in the future, we will talk to all of our investors and all of our analysts. What we're really saying is, we think we've got appropriate spend inside the business. We will balance between, we'll call it, the BAU stuff and innovation through the organization. But we do believe that innovation is very important in how we can serve and engage with our customers and our carrier partners. We will continue to do that as an organization.  Not all of it will be CapEx. Not all of it's going to be OpEx. There's going to be balancing back and forth because sometimes, as part of that, that leads you to partnering that Powell talked about. That's going to flow to OpEx. Some things, we'll build ourselves. We can work through all those. And again, we've incorporated that into all the guidance, at least that we've given for 2021. If other opportunities pop up during 2021 that we need to change our view because we think it's something really good for our business long term and delivers appropriate shareholder values, then we will absolutely talk to everybody about it. There's no looming big investment out there. So, we just want to hit that one head on. 
Michael Zaremski: I wasn't asking this in the context of concern. Some companies have talked about COVID opening their eyes to being able to do business slightly differently using more digitalization. Very helpful response. Thank you. 
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: I guess my first question, Powell, is a bit of a follow on to Mike's last question. If I look at CoverHound, I think more of the strategic rationale there that you cited was that it does give you another leg up on the technology and innovation side. So, with that in mind, should we also expect to see the independent organic IT spend that we kind of saw throughout 2020 continuing in 2021 or should we see that maybe slow down a bit because you're getting more of that through this acquisition?
Powell Brown: If I could just ask you to repeat, like the last three sentences there, which was I heard about the CoverHound and the investment, but I couldn't get the very end of that, which was really the crux to your question. If you could repeat that, please. 
Yaron Kinar: My question was, was the CoverHound acquisition and the strategic value of it  one of the strategic values being the technology angle and the innovation angle. Should we still expect to see the organic IT spend that we saw in 2020 continue into 2021? Or does that lever maybe get dialed back a bit because you now have the inorganic digitalization and technology coming in through the acquisition?
Powell Brown: I think that you have to expect the spend to be similar going forward because we are very pleased with the CoverHound acquisition and the team and the technology that comes with that acquisition. And we believe that there are multiple places that we will be able to use that in our different divisions. However, we have contemplated that the tech spend across the other platforms will continue as stated until and at which time  or I should say, if we determine that the technology in CoverHound is transferable  or expandable maybe is better, into a capacity and one of the divisions that we're not aware of just yet. That's how we answer that. 
Yaron Kinar: And does CoverHound give you an ability to access markets that were not available to you in the past? Or is it just a matter of accessing the markets that you've already played in, but in a more efficient way? 
Powell Brown: Yeah. The markets that they do business with are markets we already do business with, Yaron. It is, conceivably, in some areas where we may not have worked with them before. 
Yaron Kinar: Final quick one. Free cash flow, I think, grew mid-single digits this year where EPS and earnings growth was well in the double digits. So, I was just curious if you could talk about what maybe some of the headwinds were this year specifically. 
Andrew Watts: One of the things to keep in mind on the cash flow is we do get movements up and down based upon what happens with the fiduciary assets. And so, as those kind of  as our fiduciary assets  again, keep in mind on those, that's the premium that flows through the organization for all the billing. So that can move up and down.  If you look at last year when we grew free cash flow significantly faster than EBITDAC as well as the earnings per share, so I think last year, we were at on a free cash flow close to about 15%. I think, this year, we're about a 7.6%. So, you will see some movement up and down inside of there. It's the reason why we focus a lot on the cash flow from operations and the conversion ratio. We were just shy of 28% this year. We were just a little over 28% last year. So, it's going to kind of hover in that range. But we're really, really pleased with the cash and the way that we were able to convert our revenues again in 2020. 
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Throughout your prepared comments, you talked about changes in earn-out payables. It hit three of the four segments. And called out, I think, a chunk in the National Programs. But it seems to really affect your reported results in all three segments on a consolidated basis in a way that maybe hasn't happened before. So, can you give us some color of what's going on there? And maybe segment by segment, is there something that you're missing on these payouts that we need to think about going forward? 
Andrew Watts: Just to go back, we had quite a few movements this year, both up and down. If you remember, back at the end of the first quarter, we had taken down a number of the earnouts because when we were looking at the potential projections based upon what we were all staring down, at the end of March on the economy, we said, well, we're clearly not going to make those numbers, and so we reduced those. Then we get to the end of the second quarter and the outlook looks completely different. And then, by the third quarter, it looks different again. We took them all back up. And so, you are going to see unusual swings on a full year. Actually, we didn't really have a lot of movement you can see around. That's part of this unknown about this economy because what we have to be able to do is incorporate the best information that we have at the time of doing the calculations as to what we think is going to occur over the remaining earn-out period. And that's what we tried to do this year.  Let's say, if you go back and look over time, our actual adjustments on a full year basis are actually pretty minimal, considering the size of the earn-outs that we have as well as the purchase price.  So, we think, overall, we do a pretty good job. This year is probably a little bit of a different one just because of the economy that we're in right now.
Greg Peters: As a follow-up to the earn-out, can you give us some update and perspective about how the earn-outs have performed in some of your other larger deals that you've closed in recent years, like the Hays acquisition, for example?
Andrew Watts: They've all performed pretty well, Greg. And I guess maybe one way to look through that is what has been the net charge or credit back into the P&L. And to our earlier comment, it's really not been material over the years as a percentage of the overall. And so, what we try to do is establish that initial earn-out to a level that we believe is usable, again, for everything that we know at the time of doing the transaction. And ultimately, we would love to see all of our sellers and our new teammates completely max out their earn-outs. We would love to see that. And the reason why is because that means that the business is performing well. Many of them do. Some of them don't get all the way there. But we're very, very pleased with our success rate on our acquisitions, how well they perform versus original expectations, and ultimately, over the years after they've become part of the team. 
Greg Peters: In the comments on the Wholesale, you called out the personal lines business having headwinds. Trying to understand exactly what were the headwinds in the personal lines business, considering that  it seems like many of the personal lines companies have done  at least on the auto side, done pretty well? 
Powell Brown: Some of them have done well in certain areas, and a lot of them are taking gas. And what I mean by that is, if you write business in California, they've been burning for the last three years, as you know. And if you are in some of the coastal areas, there are some losses that occurred, Greg, as you know, here in our fine state, one and two and three years ago that are developing, further developing with the involvement of public adjusters and things like that. So, I would tell you that, particularly in certain segments of the personal lines market, it has been tough. And so, that's the area that typically would come to the E&S market, and then the E&S carriers experience  it could be in our book, or it could be in the overall experience, leads them to potentially pull back in certain areas or their reinsurance costs have gone up, or both.  So, this is not something that is unique to Brown & Brown or Brown & Brown Wholesale. It's kind of unique to the industry across the board. 
Greg Peters: Final question or two questions around the balance sheet. If I look at the cash and cash equivalents at year-end 2020, it's a substantial increase compared to where you were at year-end 2019. That would clearly beg the question around capital allocation, certainly seems to be more  holding more cash at this point than you need. So, at this point in time, is ASR, share repurchase on the table?  And then embedded in the balance sheet, I did notice that there was a nice jump up in accounts payable. I assume that flowed through and helped your cash flow. But maybe you can walk us what's going on in those two items and your view on capital management? That's my last question.
Andrew Watts: Let's tackle cash first. So, Greg, if we go back to our earlier comments, the $700 million issuance of our ten-and-a-half year bonds in September, that was the primary driver of the cash going up. And as we talked about during the previous call, the reason why we accessed the market back at that point, it is, we thought it was a very, very opportune time to go get very low cost of capital as an organization. And as you know well, when you need it, it's expensive. When you don't, it generally isn't. And we thought we were just in a great position as an organization, the markets were extremely, extremely receptive for us to issue bonds at just a little over 2.5% or 2.25%. So, we're very, very pleased with that.  That doesn't mean that we issued that because we've got big pending acquisition. And so, we're going to do a big buyback as an organization. Not at all. We talked about the fact that, with that capital, the access, what we'll generate, we feel really good about how we can invest in our business. So, we may have "some negative carry on interest," but we think that's definitely worth that potential slight negative carry to have the access to that capital that's out there. So, that's just a thought on that front. The other piece on the cash and cash equivalents is, keep in mind, that not all of that is Brown & Brown cash. So, historically, it's generally been about a 50/50 split between our money and the fiduciary funds rolling through. That is much more weighted toward Brown & Brown at the end of the year.
Greg Peters: Andy, can you just  I just want to  I thought the money that wasn't yours showed up in the restricted cash and investment category, not in the cash and cash equivalent category.
Andrew Watts: It shows up in two places, Greg. In states or carriers that require that we need to put customer funds in specific accounts, then that money sits inside of the restricted cash and investments. In those states that do not require it or carriers, that just sits within Brown & Brown cash and cash equivalents.
Greg Peters: One follow-up. Is there a minimum sort of threshold when you think about cash and cash equivalents that you want the company to have in any given year basis?
Andrew Watts: We don't have significant working capital requirements inside the organization, Greg. But we normally say, keeping a couple of hundred million dollars of real Brown & Brown cash is sufficient for the organization based upon how much we deliver on a quarterly basis. And we are looking at cash flow projections every month, every quarter for the business. We know what capital allocations that are out there. So, we can work our way through all those actually pretty easily. And then, if we ever have a situation where we need capital in the quarter, that's why we have a revolver, so that we can draw on that in the past and then we can pay it back down. But we're very, very in tune with our cash.
Greg Peters: Okay. And then the accounts payable questions. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: The accounts payable, if you look at that, that's the shift in  if you look down on our other liabilities, you can see that they actually went up, but one of the items we've been and we've got some earn-outs that are coming due in the next 12 months, that's what shifted up in the accounts payable.
Andrew Watts: So, this is not a kind of source of working capital in the quarter.
Greg Peters: Say it again, Andy?
Andrew Watts: It is not a source of working capital, your question, Greg. It was just a movement, which was other liabilities. Okay? And then, Holly, why don't we  we're at 9:11, why don't we  we'll take one more question today. And then, if anybody else has other follow-ups, we can always just take after the call.
Operator: We'll now take our last question from Mark Hughes from Truist. 
Mark Hughes: Just one quick one. Powell, how much do you think the market may have changed permanently in terms of the way insurance is sold? You think it will go back to the former method, the same spending on T&E or is this going to be more durable? And if so, what impact on margin perhaps?
Powell Brown: I think that's a really interesting question. And I think it will be dictated significantly by our customers, which is, we will see that and how that works in the future. Here's the way I describe it. If you have a larger customer, as an example, and you typically had three people that went to see that customer and they go to see that customer twice a year and then there's interaction throughout the year. The scenario that I'd say is, do the three people go back in 2021 or does one person go back and two or three or even four people join in via video conference? So, we leverage the collective capabilities of everybody. I tend to think towards the latter instead of the former. But that is not my decision. It's ultimately the customer's decision. That's number one. Number two, I think that buying on the Internet, so that's what I call it, where you see them on the video screen and all that other stuff, that might work for like one year. But particularly in a rising rate environment, customers need to see you because people buy from people they like and they trust. And at the end of the day, you don't get the full impact on a video screen. That's number two. Now, interestingly enough, that would lead me into the third point, which is more about acquisitions. And so, I want to make sure that everybody on the call knows that we meet with people to determine if their culture and our cultures fit. So, we're not buying businesses on the Internet. That means we are not buying businesses from people that we have never met except over a video conference. So, I think all the video conferencing stuff is great. But I'm tired of some of it, because I think it's  you miss so much. So, having said that, as it relates to the expenses, remember, I know what you're trying to do and some of the other larger public brokers are talking about amounts that they're going to save and permanently save and capture. I don't know what they are doing before, but we already know that we were efficient before.  I think that we are focused on how do we retain the business that we have and, quite honestly, write a bunch of new business. So, that may mean that we do some things a little differently in terms of solicitation or prospecting or pre-qualifying using technology, which in turn makes us a little more efficient in closing. That's yet to be determined. But I don't want to give you the impression that the margins are going to go dramatically one way or the other because one of our customers only need to see one of us twice a year as opposed to three of us. I think it's too early to tell. I would just say this. Our teammates are anxious to be able to go back and see their customers. They want to see them and customers want to see us. Do you have another question, Mark?
Powell Brown: All right. Thank you all very much. Have a wonderful day. And we look forward to talking to you after the first quarter. Goodbye.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events including those relating to the Company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2020 earnings call. Before we get into the results for the quarter, I want to make some high level comments. First, I'd like to say thank you to all of our teammates and express how pleased I'm with our performance for this quarter. They continue to be laser focused on delivering innovative solutions for our customers. Operating in the current environment is not easy, but our team finds creative ways to serve and support our existing customers engage with new prospects. I'm very impressed with how our teammates are leveraging the investments we've made in technology over the past few years to enhance our capabilities and customer interactions. These include everyone from producers, service, marketing, brokers and underwriting teammates. At this stage, we do not see face-to-face interactions returning to the pre-pandemic levels for quite some time and more than likely the new normal will be different than in the past. As we navigate our way through the pandemic, I'm confident that we will continue to leverage innovation in our sales and service model to help further our growth and support our customers. We've talked a lot in the past about how we're built for the long term and think about delivering shareholder value. On Tuesday of last week, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 9%. With this increase, we are now on our 27th year of consecutive increases, something we're very proud of. Now let's transition to the results of the quarter. I'm on slide number three. We had a great quarter and I'm very pleased with our results. We delivered $674 million of revenue, growing 8.9% in total and 4.3% organically. I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the performance of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 32.8%, which is up 130 basis points from the third quarter of 2019. Our net income per share for the third quarter was $0.47, increasing 14.6% on an as reported basis. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in acquisition earn-out payables, our net income per share was $0.52, an increase of 33.3% over the prior year. Our team has done an outstanding job of growing our revenue while managing our expense base in response to the dynamics associated with COVID-19. During the quarter, we completed another six acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $31 million. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter. From a capital perspective, we issued $700 million of 10.5-year bonds in September. We're very pleased with a coupon of 2.375%, particularly considering that we issued bonds in March of 2019 with a coupon of 4.5%. Our insurance was very well received by the debt markets, which we believe is a true reflection of Brown & Brown's credit quality. With this capital and our cash flow generation, we're well positioned to further invest in a disciplined manner in our business and deliver future results. In summary, we're very pleased with the strong performance for the quarter as the strength of our operating model continues to perform well through these unprecedented economic times. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. I'm on slide number four. As you may remember, in April, we thought our third quarter would be the most challenging due to the expected decrease in exposure units for our customers. And then we performed slightly better than anticipated in the second quarter and during our second quarter earnings call, we indicated that third quarter would not be as low as originally anticipated. As a result of good new business, higher retention and rate increases, we had a really good third quarter. We saw companies doing their best to restart their businesses, which included some rehiring of employees or taking them off furloughed. We saw employers and we saw individuals who start to lose employee benefits coverage through layoffs or reductions in force, which would also drive a decline in workers compensation coverage. We saw this in certain industries. However, there are many industries that have been quite resilient or have even grown over the past six months. As a result of our diversification across geography, customer size, industry lines of coverage and capabilities, we've continued to grow. Please don't take my comments out of context. We have customers that are struggling, and we're doing our best to help them. We believe that there is going to be challenges over the coming quarters and consequently expect there will be ups and downs in the path to recovery. During the quarter we saw rate increases similar to the last few quarters and in some cases, they've increased slightly. For the most part admitted market rates are up 3% to 7% across most lines. Commercial auto rates were the exception, as they remain up 10%. There is a lot of talk about workers compensation rate starting to turn positive during the quarter. We're not seeing this across the board. Generally workers' compensation rate are not declining as fast as they were in previous quarters. From an E&S perspective, most rates are up 10% to 20%. Coastal property, both wind and quake are up 15% to 25%. Professional liability is generally up 10% to 25%, depending on the coverage in the industry. For both of these lines there can be outliers. One area where we're seeing the most pressure right now is personal lines in California, Florida and the Gulf Coast States. The continued reduction in carrier appetite has been caused by fires and tropical activity, resulting in a reevaluation of all CAT-exposed property. We believe the reduction in personal lines capacity in CAT areas will continue to decrease in the near term. In connection with the increasing rates, the placement of coverage for many lines, certain industries where customers with significant losses continues to be challenging. This would include access or umbrella coverage where a carrier or carriers might want to reduce their limit by half, but keep the premium constant. Just to give an example. We do not expect this trend to change for the next few quarters. We've been active in the M&A space closing six transactions during the quarter with annual revenues of approximately $31 million. During the first three quarters, we closed 16 transactions with annualized revenues of approximately $117 million. And in addition, we've already closed a few deals for the fourth quarter. I'm now on slide number five. Let's discuss the performance of our four segments. Our retail segment, organic revenue grew by 4.1% in the third quarter. It's a really strong performance recognized across substantially all lines of business, driven by a combination of good retention, improving new business wins and continued rate increases. We're very pleased with how our team is prospecting new account in both the traditional face to face model, as well as virtually. Our National Programs segment grew 8.4% organically, delivering another impressive quarter. Our growth was driven by continued strong performance from many of our programs, including our lender place, our commercial and residential earthquake and our wind programs, just to name a few. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment grew 8.2% organically for the quarter. We realized improving new business and continued rate increases for most lines of coverage. Brokerage was the fastest growing, while our binding authority business delivered modest growth as many main street businesses are not back to full operation and we experience continued headwinds in the personal line space. We expect this rate pressure to continue for at least the next few quarters until carriers reevaluate the risk appetite or allocate more capacity to this challenged area. The organic revenue for our services segment decreased 13.1% for the quarter. The main drivers of the decline were lower claims volume for our social security advocacy businesses, a prior year terminated customer contract and lower claims for many of our other businesses related to COVID-19. We expect organic revenue in the Services segment will be down in the low to mid single-digit range for the fourth quarter. Overall, it's a strong quarter and we like to say thank you for all -- to all of our teammates who continue to deliver for our customers in this challenging environment. Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financials in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. Like previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results and certain non-GAAP financial highlights, including our adjusted results, excluding the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables. We're over on the slide number six. For the third quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $55.3 million or 8.9% and organic revenue growth of 4.3%. Our EBITDAC increased by 13.2%, growing faster than revenues as we were able to leverage our expense base and further manage our expenses in response to COVID-19. Both of these factors were able to offset the headwinds associated with certain non-recurring items related to legal cost, the write-off of uncollectible receivables for one of our programs, increased non-cash stock-based compensation and a gain on the disposal of businesses recognized in the prior year. A quick comment regarding our employee compensation and benefits and other operating expenses as a percentage of revenues. The employee compensation and benefits ratio increased slightly as compared to the prior year, driven by higher non-cash stock-based compensation cost as we were performing above the targets for our long-term stock incentive plans. In addition, with the market recovery during the quarter, there was an increase in the value of deferred compensation liabilities. Please remember, the impact on EBITDAC margin is substantially zero as this increase was offset within other operating expenses. The ratio of other operating expenses decrease due to the continued management of our variable expenses in response to COVID-19 and to a lesser extent, the benefit of the aforementioned change in deferred compensation cost. Our income before income taxes increased by 4.3%, growing at a slower pace than EBITDAC. This was driven primarily by the $21 million year-over-year increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. On the next slide, we will discuss our results, excluding this adjustment. Our net income increased by $18.4 million or 15.9% and our diluted net income per share increased by 14.6% to $0.47. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 15.5%, compared to 23.9% in the third quarter of 2019. The lower effective tax rate, which was in line with previous guidance was driven by the tax benefit associated with the vesting of restricted stock awards. Our weighted average number of shares increased slightly compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.085 or 6.3% compared to the third quarter of 2019. Moving on to slide number seven. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. During the third quarter of 2020, the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables was about $15 million, representing an increase of approximately $21 million as compared to the third quarter of 2019. Remember that we adjusted certain earn-out liabilities down in the first quarter of this year at the onset of the pandemic, based on our estimates at the time. Since then, certain businesses have rebounded faster than anticipating causing us to increase the estimated earn-out liabilities in the third quarter of this year. On a year-to-date basis, the net impact of the change in estimated earn-out payables that they charge of about $5 million as compared to a credit of approximately $7 million for the same period last year. Excluding the change in acquisition earn-out payables in the third quarter of both years, our income before income taxes, grew $27.2 million or 18.6% growing faster than EBITDAC due primarily to lower interest expense. Our net income on adjusted basis increased by $35.3 million or 31.6% and our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.52, increasing 33.3%. These grew faster than income before income taxes due to the lower effective tax rate for the quarter. Overall, it was a strong quarter. Moving to slide number eight. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 8.7% and our contingent commissions and GSCs were substantially flat. Our organic revenues, which exclude the net impact of M&A activity increased by 4.3% for the third quarter. Over to slide number nine. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 6.5%, driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 4.1%, which was driven by growth across most lines of business and slightly lower contingent commissions and GSCs. For the quarter, retail realized about a 100 basis points of incremental organic revenue growth from the timing of new business and certain renewals we expected to recognize in the fourth quarter of this year. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter increased by 250 basis points and EBITDAC grew 16.2% due to higher organic revenue growth and cost savings achieved in response to the pandemic, both of which were partially offset by a prior year gain on disposals, higher non-cash stock compensation cost and higher inter-company IT cost. Our income before income tax margin increased 50 basis points and grew slower than EBITDAC, due primarily to a change in estimated acquisition earn-outs. Over to slide number 10. Our National Programs segment increased total revenues by $25.1 million or 17.6% and organic revenue by 8.4%. The increase in total revenue was driven by strong organic growth, recent acquisitions and an increase in profit sharing contingent commissions. EBITDAC growth of 12.7% was slower than total revenue growth due to the write-offs of certain receivables in one of our programs. Combined with higher inter-company IT charges, these items more than offset margin expansion from strong organic growth, as well as variable cost savings in response to COVID-19. Income before income taxes increased by $600,000 or 1.3% with the growth primarily impacted by increased acquisition earn-out payables and higher intercompany interest expense. Over to slide number 11. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 16.2% and organic revenue growth of 8.2%. Total revenues grew faster than organic revenue due to recent acquisitions. EBITDAC grew by 21.1% and the margin improved by 160 basis points as compared to the prior year due to strong organic growth and the delivery of reduced variable expenses in response to COVID-19, which more than offset higher inter-company IT charges and higher non-cash stock-based compensation cost. Our income before income taxes, grew by 21.1%, substantially in line with EBITDAC growth. Over to slide number 12. Total revenues and organic revenues for our services segment declined by 13.1%, driven by the items Powell mentioned earlier. For the quarter, EBITDAC declined by 22.8%, driven by lower organic revenue and higher inter-company IT expenses. These were partially offset by reducing certain variable expenses in response to the pandemic. Income before income taxes decreased 59.5% due to a credit of $6.3 million recorded in the third quarter of 2019 for the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables and there was no adjustment in the third quarter of this year. Few comments regarding cash conversion and outlook for certain items. Regarding cash flow from operations, as a percentage of revenues, it decreased as expected for the third quarter due primarily to about $50 million of second quarter taxes that were paid in the third quarter as permitted by the Cares Act. For the first nine months of 2020. Our cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenue was approximately 27% as compared to 25% realized at the same period of the prior year. The increase is driven by our expanded margins, lower cash taxes, and continuing to manage our working capital. Regarding liquidity and interest expense, Powell mentioned earlier that we issued $700 million of 10.5 year senior notes in late September with spread decreasing materially and the receptivity of the debt markets we thought it was prudent to access the additional capital at long-term rate materially below our prior issuances. Our incremental debt is $500 million as we repaid $200 million on the revolving line of credit. With the additional debt, our interest expense will increase by approximately $3 million per quarter. With this additional capital, our revolving line of credit and strong generation of cash, we are well positioned from a capital perspective to fund in a disciplined manner, additional investments to help further grow our business. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a great report. Through 10 months, we've seen 6.4 million acres burn in California, Oregon, Washington and Colorado with 4.3 million of those acres in California alone. There have been 27 tropical storms and 10 hurricanes with five of these hurricanes hitting the Gulf Coast region and one may hit this week. Rates are also increasing in most instances and interest rates are at historic lows. All of this is in addition to COVID-19 and the related choppy economic environment. We have customers laying off large numbers of employees and others are the busiest they've ever been. Even under these extraordinary circumstances, our diversified businesses performed very well. For the first nine months, we grew our business 3.5% organically, delivered improving EBITDAC margins of 32.4%, adjusted EPS was up 21.4%. Overall, we'd say our performance and financial results have been strong. With rates continuing to rise, you'll see new capital coming to the marketplace opportunistically. This will be in certain lines of coverage, but not universally across the board. In addition, very few senior leaders at insurance companies will discuss if rates are exceeding loss costs. When that happens, they usually point to rates moderating or flattening. We're not sure if we've reached at this point yet. The acquisition space continues to be hot. There's a lot of competition between private equity and long-term strategics. We don't see this competition slowing down anytime soon. Our ability to continue investing in our business was further bolstered by our recent bond offering. Quite honestly, I didn't think our cost of borrowing for 10-year money would ever be 2.375%. Our pipeline is good, but as you know, we don't count anything till it's signed. Finally, we continue to drive our technology agenda across the company through digitization, data and automation and prioritize technology investments around the following. One, continually optimizing and enhancing our data and analytics program. Two, expanding our digital delivery capabilities around products and services. And three, engaging an initiatives designed to drive greater efficiency and velocity through our underlying processes. We are constantly thinking about how we can serve our customers better and faster. In closing, we thought it was a really good quarter. With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin to open it up for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. Looks like you had a great quarter. First on the organic revenue growth results. I was wondering if you could give us some more color on the balance between the impact of rate increases versus new business. You did call out, Powell, in your comments about customers hurting. And I'm wondering if the organic is more a reflection of rate increases and their new business opportunities are down, but maybe you could give some perspective on that. And then throw out some comments about the performance of Hays.
Powell Brown: Okay. So number one, let's talk about -- historically, Greg, as you know, we've talked about the impact of rates were somewhere between 25% and 33% and the overall impact in exposure units was a bigger impact on our business. We're going back over a 20-year period when I say that, that's number one. Number two, we -- our new business is good, but it is not as pre-pandemic levels. So I would acknowledge that. But I do believe it's a combination of all of the above. And so, I'm very pleased with growth in new business in a number of our offices. One, some places in the country are seeing more rate impact than others, i.e. coastal areas. Our retention levels are up and even if that's slightly incremental improvement there that helped. So I think it's a combination of all of the above. Number one. The second question, we've been very, very pleased with the Hays team in joining Brown & Brown and their performance, as well as the rest of our team continues to be really good. So we're very, very pleased with that acquisition and lots of good things going on there.
Greg Peters: Great. My follow-up question would be just around the expense side. I know you called out lower T&E, I guess we would like to know -- I have some ideas on where you think if there's going to be higher travel and entertainment next year, if we should see margin pressure in this area. And also I think you called out lower taxes. I'm wondering if the taxes are going to -- or tax rates are going to revert next to year a higher level?
Powell Brown: Okay. So as it relates to higher variable expenses next year, we do believe that there is kind of a slow, steady increase as people start to travel again and entertain visitors and things like that. And we can't tell you when that's going to happen. But yes, we do believe that that will work its way into our results next year; number one. Number two, we don't speculate on the outcome of the elections. And as you know, the important thing really is -- will be the decision if the House and the Senate are in the same party or if they're in different parties, and how things will get through Congress. So I would tell you that we like you are waiting with great interest and have considered a lot of scenarios regarding who ends and what that potential impact could be to Brown & Brown. But I think that we are positioned well to continue to invest and grow the business, regardless of the ultimate outcome of next Tuesday.
Greg Peters: Okay. Perfect.
Andrew Watts: Greg, I'll just add to that, just as you're thinking about rate next year, barring anything that happens through all of the elections, we would expect our effective tax rate would go up a little bit next year. Remember, we got the tax benefit in the third quarter of this year, which drove our effective down to 15.5%. We wouldn't see that same level of benefit next year. So it will go up a little bit, okay.
Greg Peters: Thank you for the clarification. Just one follow-up on point number one, regarding gradual increase in T&E. Powell, as you look across the entire enterprise, as you think about things, returning to whatever the new normal looks like, is it conceivable that there could be a little or no margin expansion next year as life returns to whatever the new normal is?
Powell Brown: Yes.
Greg Peters: Got it. All right, thanks for your answers, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, good morning. One question I was hoping you can help us with is with regard to the pace with which your policyholders or your insurers are filing claims. Can we see that pick up dramatically between the second quarter and the third quarter?
Powell Brown: No, I wouldn't. I just want to make sure it's a little grainy reception there. You wanted to know was there a marked increase in number of claims with our insurers between Q2 and Q3, is that what you said?
Meyer Shields: Exactly right, yes.
Powell Brown: Yes. No, we haven't seen that. I would tell you that in the second quarter there were lots of claims filed in anticipation or potential coverage around BI claims on pandemic, but I would not say that there was some huge jump between Q2 and Q3, no.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then -- I'm trying to get a little bit more insight into one aspect of the business. And I know you don't break out the volumes of maybe the smallest accounts. But hope you can give us a little bit of color on that, the perception is that, that segment of the industry is most vulnerable to the pressures of pandemic. I was wondering how that translates into the book -- into that segment of your book?
Powell Brown: Yes. All right. So let's think about it at a high level and where we have, what you might call small business. Small business, let's just for sake of this discussion make it simple, at premiums under, let's say, $30,000 a year. So you have that in commercial. I mean you have that commercial exposure in retail. You have a lot of that in Binding Authority in wholesale, and we have a lot of that in National Programs; so that's number one. Number two, in addition, you have some personal lines business, which is being impacted, as we said because of either fires or windstorm in coastal areas. So yes, we are seeing continued pressure on the small businesses, because, as -- when you go home, of you live outside a major city and you go by a shopping center and there is a place that you use to go and have dinner, and they're sort of open, and they're operating at 50% and as there are people sitting outside, that exposure basis is down substantially. And in some instances, they are not making it. And if you do it in a major city, you see a lot of places that have gone out of business and that has impacted us already and will continue to impact us. And so that is the area at least so far, Meyer, that we would say is -- we're seeing the most impact. I think that we saw it early, we saw it often, we continue to see it. And there were more medium and larger size businesses as they were financially stable, they were making tough choices, but to protect the business. In some instances, the smaller business didn't have those financial resources to do that. So yes, we are seeing that in our business.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That was very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks, good morning. My first question, you guys have kind of done a -- given forward guidance for most quarters this year. It seems like good time, right? And some kind of high-level and then about some of the segments. So I'm just trying to, high level, get a sense on how -- previously, you guys had alluded to the Q3 is potentially being the weakest quarter of the year. Now it seems like that was the Q2. So when we put all of your comments together about pricing, new business, exposures, does it feel like the trough of this was the second quarter. How should we just kind of think about that?
Powell Brown: Yes, good morning, Elyse. I think you could think of it that way. I think, the challenge -- sorry, the challenge on this is -- I know you want a certainty, and there is no one that you will talk to that will be able to give you certainty around what's going to happen in Q4 and Q1 and Q2 of next year. And so, so much of this is, I believe, impacted on -- impacted by what happens with the virus and do we have some limited shutdowns in Q4 as it continues to spike, does that not happen, what happens with the virus and therefore how does that impact the business. If you looked at it on a trajectory standpoint, you would think that, yes, it is improving. And we don't run our business on hope and a prayer. And so we don't know -- I know you want that, but we don't know if that's going to be the case. And what we've always said is, we believe our business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. We are not in a steady state economy, we have unique factors that are positively impacting it, i.e. rates going up. We have unique factors, i.e. Corona virus and other things that are impacting businesses, where you have businesses going out of business or reducing exposures dramatically. So let me give you an example, Elyse. If you talk to a number of our construction customers, the number of our construction customers, all over the country, what you would hear over the last quarter and today is, they have very good workflow or a pipeline of work for the next six to nine months. But at the end of nine months, there is more uncertainty out there, not because they don't have the capacity to do it, it's just people are not, in most instances, bidding as much work right now that far out. Now, in certain places, we're seeing that pickup. Here in Florida, a lot of people are moving to Florida. So you've got people bidding in contracts all over the place. So I wish I could -- we could answer that and give you some level of comfort, but we can't. I would tell you that we're very pleased with the way we executed this quarter. And our three big divisions all delivered. And so we're really pleased with it.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Elyse, in our commentary, we said there could be ups and downs. We expect that's going to happen over the coming quarters. So it's not going to be that the fourth quarter will guarantee it's going to look more the third quarter. It could be up, it could be down, Q1 to be up, Q1 could be down. We just think it's going to be a little bit bumpy as we work our way through this economy right now.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. No, I thought like there was a lag, right, within your business and when it ultimately comes into organic, meaning that wouldn't the Q4 for the most part, just to a certain degree, where economy is bumpy, that could more impact organic when we go into 2021?
Powell Brown: No, probably, I won't jump to that conclusion. I think it really gets to what ultimately happens on the renewal business underneath, Elyse. So recall back in Q1 and also in Q2. We took adjustments for revenue that we had recognized previously. And that's too therefore bring that down to what we think is appropriate for the change in the exposure units. What happens at renewal will be the question. So, did we get the exposure units, correct? Don't know. We'll find out as we get to what renewals in the audits that are out there. If companies aren't feeling positive they may drop exposure units further, don't know. Again, if this is type of things, we're going to watch and see how they play out in the fourth quarter and then in the first quarter. The other thing, Elyse, you got to know that as rates are going up and exposures are potentially going down in instances, there are a number of customers, who are buying different limits or dropping certain coverages because of cost. So let's just say that, it was a lease manufacturing and you did have $40 million umbrella last year and we came to see you [indiscernible] and you bought a $25 million umbrella and you're paying actually more for the $25 million than you did last year for the $40 million. So you're having people make adjustments in certain areas in excess is a very good example, where they're basically say, I can't pay you more or in certain class of business, where they basically just say, I can't do it, we cannot pay the premium for that level of -- for that coverage and they decide to go bear on something. So we are starting to see that too. So let's not lose sight of that.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And lastly, just on expenses. Andy, I think you mentioned some shift with some deferred costs between employee comp and then other operating expenses. Not just to quantify that, but I'm just trying to get a sense of the impact in other operating expenses. Just as we think about kind of the COVID related savings that could have come through OpEx in the quarter.
Andrew Watts: Okay. We're going to repeat the questions were here. It's hard for some people on the line to hear the questions being asked. The question was about what was the size of the deferred comp adjustment? So for this quarter, the market impact was around $4 million between salaries and benefits, as well as other operating expenses. On a year-to-date basis, the adjustment is actually getting fairly small. It's kind of how those general work out through the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for the color.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. Maybe for Andy. First question on -- I see there is a bunch of outstanding debt with a coupon over 4%. Is there any opportunity to retire some of that. Does that it makes sense financially and issue in the [indiscernible]?
Andrew Watts: We would always evaluate that. But probably the economics right now would not makes sense to do that at this stage, Mike, just because of that and everything.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. I guess I'm thinking about some of the comments, that Powell you made about the rate environment. On one hand, you kind of said that given a lot of carriers are now kind of on the table that rate is in excess of loss trend, that could mean that, the rate momentum dissipates in the coming year. I guess, on the other hand, maybe this is a some minority of their portfolio, you can get more color. I think you talked about a very challenging environment for certain companies where you even mentioned that a carrier might want to reduce or limit by half, to keep the premium constant and you expect that to -- that trend to remain for the next few quarters too. So just -- maybe just give me some more color on the rate environment and what you guys are seeing and is that is an extreme example you gave.
Powell Brown: Sure. So to repeat the question for everybody. The question really is, can you provide a little more color on the rate environment? And do you think there could be moderation next year or will you see extreme examples, like the umbrella example that I gave where you have half the limit for the same price? So let's go back to something that we said in the script, which was, we believe there's going to be certain opportunistic capital that will come into the marketplace. Where do you think we will see that, you might ask. And we believe we'll see that in lines of business that can be quickly or easily accessed, particularly short tail business like CAT property, but it could also be on claims made business and professional liability, it could be in reinsurance, it could be in a number of different areas, but not going to impact, let's say. automobile or it's not going to impact a traditional general liability account in the middle of the United States, I believe, manufacturing of the product or whatever the case maybe. That's number one. Number two. Mike, we said that insurance companies senior leaders are going to be very careful, although there have been one or two that have missed it. But about how their rate increases are tracking towards low cost increases and do we see something that would moderate. So I don't -- the industry would say that, for example, casualty has not made money for a number of years. And I believe that to be the case. I believe that to be GL, auto, a lot of these things, but then the reality is, can you have a 10% increase on top of a 10% increase on top of a 10% increase. Let's say three years in a row. And I tend to think the answer to that is, it becomes more difficult. And when I say that, there is a tolerance level that the customer base can actually stomach and/or then they start to take units off the road they start doing things that mitigate costs wherever they can. So when I talk about -- when we talk about an umbrella that you get half the limit for the same price or more, those are typically on very large accounts, but not exclusively. So umbrella business is very much impacted, but somebody could drop their umbrella. But again, if you've got rates that are up 3% to 7% and admitted market and auto up maybe 10% or more, that may chug along, but in some of those areas that you're seeing 15%, 20%, 25% increases, I don't think they're going to be going up as much next year. So CAT property, there's going to be a point where other markets are going to say the returns are high enough to where we want to pile in. And so there will be a moderating of that at some point and I don't know exactly when that's going to happen. But it's going to happen. And so it creates all kinds of challenges to place the business. It also creates all kinds of opportunities, when people are very frustrated with their broker that may not be doing the best job for them and we can come in and help -- hopefully save the day.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. And just a last quickie -- again, on a macro level as well. I mean would you -- should we be thinking kind of stimulus if it's something that's passed after the election would be a positive for organic growth in some of your customers and vice versa. And is that's something we should kind of think about when we think with our numbers as the year progresses.
Powell Brown: Yes. I think, first of all, we're not going to speculate on if that happens or if it doesn't happen. So we don't know. But if in fact it were to happen, I think you would have a slightly positive impact, because -- but there is going to be a point regardless of if it's now or in the future where the stimulus will stop. And so, there will be a reckoning there at some point. And so, having said that, the businesses that are kind of right on the line might get another three months, let's say. And some of those might fall under that small business category that we talked about earlier. And then the question is, does the economy pickup enough in that period, so they can make it. Not yet to be determined, but we typically think about it, Mike, not so much about the quarter impact, what we think about ultimately the fact that that's going to have to stop. And so there is still a day of reckoning there. And there's going to be some fallout, I think, in some industries, absolutely in consolidation.
Mike Zaremski: I guess so. Thank you. See you next quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Hey, good morning everybody. My first question goes to the M&A activity. It seems like it's been picking up a little bit. Is that just a function of more in-person meetings again. And maybe you can talk a little bit about how you see the pipeline? And then is there an increased appetite for M&A, a decrease appetite in M&A and any color you can offer about that?
Powell Brown: Sure. Good morning, Yaron. I would tell you, number one, there's just a lot of activity. That's first and foremost. And I think we said in the last call if you'd asked me -- if you'd asked Andy and myself in April, what do you think is going to happen in M&A, and we really thought about it. We thought there was a potential likelihood that it is sort of stopped for six months. And it really sort of stopped for six weeks or eight weeks and then it started picking back up again. So you have generally a lot of activity. That's number one. Number two. In the last six weeks there has been an increased interest in the possibility of doing things between now and end of the year with the potential that there would be President and or Congress that would be in a position to increase cap gains taxes, which means they would want to take some chips off the table and the lower tax structure, tax rate this year. So I think you're going to see two things happen between now and the end of the year potentially as a result of that. But really if they're not in the pipe now, if somebody raised their hand last week, unless you've got everything working perfectly, it takes a while. And so it may or may not be able to get done by then. So, I would also tell you just as a broad statement, if you tell -- if you could look at our numbers and you know that we are having some reduction in variable expenses, well, other agencies are having a reduction in variable expenses. And what we want to make sure that we do is we want to buy businesses based on ongoing concern basis, what does that look like and that's hard to anticipate. So the key is getting your arms around the revenue streams and expense levels on an ongoing basis in the business. And a lot of that is just talking with the people in that process, figuring out culturally is there a fit. And then financially, is there some way to structure something that's a win-win. We feel really good about the opportunities that are out there. As we said in the past, although it's very competitive, the interesting thing is, there are distinctions unknown. not only PE buyers but among strategics. And that does not mean one is the -- only good or is better necessarily than the other, they are different. And so, usually those things are sorted out in that bidding process. So let's just say the pricing is, you could throw a blanket over the pricing that three or four firms put up. It ultimately comes down to their cultural fit. And I tell people that we know are meeting the process. And then it may not be with Brown & Brown. But we always say pick the firm you feel the most comfortable with culturally and then go get in the core and figure out how to cut a deal with them, because if you do a deal with a firm that just gives you the highest number, many times that may be PE. That seller is not going to be there most of the time in three years, because they'll be frustrated because culturally, it might be different than what they did, but they went for the dollars only. So it's just a difference of philosophy.
Yaron Kinar: All right. I appreciate the full answer. And then my second question, you call out the potential impact about the change in capital gains tax, any other key considerations that you're looking at into the selection things that could directly impact your business.
Powell Brown: Sure. The question really is, are there any changes other than cap gains tax that we're thinking through for this election. And so, the short answer is, sure. So let's think about that for just a moment. One of the things I talked a lot about is the evolution of healthcare in the United States. And so, we have a large healthcare business and I'm talking specifically about the providing of health insurance. I'm not talking about the ancillary line, talking about the health insurance. And is there some variation of Obama Care or ACA that is modified going forward. That's a possibility. How does that impact. Number two, CAT gains and/or things like carried interest. And if in fact that's eliminated, and what would that potentially do to PE buyers. And so there's a number of things. There is speculation around security taxes going from a limit to an unlimited number. There is a whole bunch of things that we talked about and evaluated, you think about the impact of Federal and State taxes and the interplay between those. Some of you that live in states like California or New York or New Jersey or Connecticut are going to get the opportunity to fund more of the deficits in the states that you live in, which is going to create a departure of more people coming to places like Florida and Texas and other states that don't have income tax. And so, how is that all going to work. And so it's going to be really interesting in the next, let's say, couple of years to see that kind of evolution/migration to places more amenable tax structure states.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. The receivables write-off in National Programs, what was the amount?
Powell Brown: Mark, what you said, was your question on [indiscernible]. Yes, so the write-off there was around about $3 million.
Mark Hughes: $3 million. And then the tax rate for next year, is 3Q still a lower tax rate or is it going to be steady throughout the whole year?
Powell Brown: No, it will go back up next year, probably a better view when you think about 2021 is actually look at 2019 on the facing by the quarters.
Mark Hughes: Okay. So maybe a little lower in 3Q, but not that much.
Powell Brown: No, it -- Yes. It won't be that much lower. Again, look at 2019, that will be a much better barometer. The reason why this year was lower was the vesting of the restricted stock that we had Mark. And we won't see that same level in 2021.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then the IT charges, inter-company IT charges have had an impact on margins for quite some time. Does that moderate, say, next year or is that still going to be a kind of the headwinds?
Powell Brown: It will probably start to moderate out next year. So it's -- as you know, we've been making investments in technology back starting in 2016. A lot of that we funded at the corporate level. And then as those programs have matured out, we've been charging them out to the segments over time.
Mark Hughes: And then finally the contingents and supplementals next quarter, any body language on that?
Powell Brown: No, we don't really have a view on those Mark. Again, as you probably recall with the new accounting rules. We are accruing for those throughout the year based upon the placement of the policies. So we don't really have a view on cash collection until we get into next year.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Yes. Sure, Mark. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Stefano of Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks and good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Phil Stefano: Earlier this year it felt like there was the position from you guys that we're not going to have an expense program. We have incentives in place for regional management to run their ship correctly. And we're going to lean on them to do so. And it feels like there was a better improvement in variable expenses in the third quarter than second quarter. And I was curious if you got any insight from the field operation, what changed or what drove this margin benefits?
Powell Brown: Okay. So, Phil, I think that was pretty clear. I think people could understand the [ph] question. So I'm not going to repeat that. You got to remember, ours is not a centralized program and I know that there are some firms out there that are saying, we're expecting X amount of expense savings and we think some of it's going to be permanent, some of this is going to be temporary until. And the answer is, remember, we built everything into individual businesses. So if you are at Atlanta, your whole -- all of your expenses are in Atlanta. If you are in Texas, you got all of your centers that you run in Texas, and depending on the office and the businesses that they service, that's going to dictate the P&E and other variable expenses that are incurred in that office. So let's just say the Atlanta office for sake of this discussion, right? The number of customers that are all over the country and they have a high number of customers in Arizona, California, Oregon and Washington. In whatever flat of business that is. And so there are people were on airplanes all the time. Well that's stopped. So the expenses that will be saved in Atlanta might be dramatically different than if you are in, let's say, Fort Myers, Florida and the vast majority of your customers are within 60 miles driving, and they can still go and drive and see those customers. So, no, there is not some magic wand or thing relative to the variable expenses in Q3 over Q2. We would just tell you, I think it's a function more of retention, new business and rate increases.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Phil, I don't jump to the conclusion, just because the margin was up more in the third quarter versus the second quarter, that we were able to take out more variable expenses. In our prepared commentary, what we were trying to make sure we conveyed is, it was a balancing of the increased organic, as well as managing the expenses. But as we also mentioned, we are anticipating and we are starting to see variable expenses are slowly starting to go up as we are able to engage more with customers and we would anticipate that, that will continue on in the back end of the year and into 2021.
Phil Stefano: Got it, okay. And look, there was talk about the potential for pricing in excess of loss cost. Putting aside whether or not that's true at some point in the future if it were true, does that change your positioning, your expectations or the negotiations around profit sharing contingents? As we get pricing in excess of loss cost and there is a forward expectation of maybe better margins at the underwriters, do that change your posturing for the profit sharing you can get?
Powell Brown: No, because remember profit sharing or contingency is based on the results that we have. And so insurance is based on law of large numbers, and so you could have rate going up. But you could have a freak accident where there is truck that you ensure that hit someone and kills somebody, totally unanticipated, and you have a limit loss. So remember, conceptually I think your thought is correct. In actuality, it's very much based upon the performance of our book of business. And so I don't want you to confuse the overall results of the insurance company with the result of, let's say, the Brown & Brown business inside there.
Phil Stefano: Understood. Got it, thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you. Kevin. How many more do we have in the queue, sir.
Operator: There is currently one further question.
Powell Brown: Okay. We'll take that last question and then we'll go and wrap up for today.
Operator: Certainly. The last question today comes from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Well, thanks so much for putting me in. I appreciate it. Powell, I just wonder if you could just give any thoughts on the near-term outlook you see for the lender place business.
Powell Brown: Sure. So the question is, the outlook for lender placed business. I think that, number one, as you know, we made an investment in a business Loan Protector which is additive to Procter and they're both complementary. So that's the first thing. The second thing is the business that we are writing, some of it is what you'd call expansion of existing accounts, where they're having more things forced on to programs, but I would tell you, it's more us writing new business. And that's very important. So if you go back to 2009 and 2010 and 2011, the increase was an existing financial institution, that their portfolio is expanding as opposed to us getting more companies with different portfolios. Isn't that how you say that, Andy. Yes. So I think that, that's a positive thing for us. And with the investments that we've made. There are lot -- I shouldn't say lot, handful or two handfuls of traditional middle-market lender placed firms and there are like one or two like really big 800 pound gorillas. And with our investments, not only in the capabilities and the technology, but the size and the portfolios that we handle now, we're able to better compete against all sizes, including those large ones. So we got a lot of cool stuff going on there. And Mike Cox and his team is doing a great job. So yes, we like the business.
Andrew Watts: Yes, Mike, we'd want you guys to read into our commentary that we're seeing an uptick in our closure in lender place foreclosures that's out there, that is not what we're seeing. This is just purely on new business or who they were picking up. Very important thing.
Michael Phillips: Thanks for that. Appreciate it. Real quick, because, Andy, you made a comment earlier in the opening remarks that I kind of broke up on me, so I apologize, but I thought I heard you say something on the retail slide something about revenue leak in 4Q.
Powell Brown: Yes. We -- this in the third quarter so -- and right on the phone, the question was around the revenue from the fourth quarter into the third quarter. We'll just call out, we had around about 100 basis points of benefit to the organic in the third quarter, which was really -- that we had anticipated would close in the fourth quarter or originally we had anticipated would renew in the fourth quarter. So that's just a movement between the quarters.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Powell Brown: Thank you. Okay, thank you all very much for your time. We hope you have a wonderful quarter, and we look forward to talking to you in January. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the second quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future and subject to number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter thus its financial results differ from the current preliminary un-audited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or qualified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, further events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Anita. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2020 earnings call.  Over the last four months, we've successfully transitioned over 10,000 teammates to a remote work environment and have commenced a stage return to the workplace for our businesses. We will remain focused on the safety of our teammates, their families, our customers and trading partners. I wanted to mention, that I did contract COVID-19 a number of weeks ago. While I felt a little sluggish at times, it did not prevent me from making phone calls and engaging with people virtually. I'm feeling fine now and I have received my negative test results yesterday. As it relates to the economy, we believe a full return of the economy to pre-COVID-19 levels is going to be slow and sporadic. Therefore, we as a society cannot lose our focus and determination to do our best to contain the corona virus. This is possible through the efforts of all our frontline workers and each of us taking our own personal responsibility to help contain further spread. Our teammates continue to do an outstanding job of focusing on our customers and providing them with creative and innovative risk management solutions. During the quarter, we continue to host regular COVID-19 response calls for customers and prospects, with the goal of helping other companies share best practices and successfully manage through these difficult times. In addition, our COVID-19 relief center has been well-received and we - and we will continue to find creative ways to help everyone get back to the new normal. Like last quarter, I continue to be humbled by the determination, dedication and the commitment of our teammates to our customers. Now let's transition the result - to the results of the quarter. I'm on slide 3. For the second quarter we delivered $599 million of revenue, growing 4.1% in total and 50 basis points organically. I will get into more detail on a few minutes about the performance of each of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 29.5%, which is up 20 basis points over the second quarter of 2019. Our net income per share for the second quarter was $0.34, increasing 3% on an as reported basis and 6.3% on an adjusted basis, as compared to the prior year, when excluding the change in acquisition earn-our payables. During the quarter, we completed another three acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $46 million in revenue, with the largest being loan protector insurance services. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new teammates that joined during the quarter. In summary, we're pleased with our performance for the quarter, given the headwinds. I'd like to thank all of our teammates for doing their best to retain our customers and win new business. They're all doing an excellent job. Later in the presentation, Andy will further discuss our financial results in more detail. I am now on slide 4. During the second quarter, we started to see the financial effects of the pandemic with certain industries significantly slowing down, including hospitality, restaurants and entertainment, resulting in corresponding reductions in exposure units. Conversely, other industries such as healthcare and construction were resilient and in some cases continued to expand. For the quarter, we expected there would be significant decline in payrolls and consequently our employee benefits and worker's compensation lines of business would be the most impacted. However, what occurred is that our employee benefits business grew during the quarter due to the new business and many employers furloughed employees rather than reducing their workforce. On the other hand, our workers compensation lines of business declined faster than we anticipated. As a solutions provider, we worked with many customers during the quarter to manage their cost. This included collaborating with carriers to provide mid-term premium adjustments for certain coverages that are impacted by changes in sales or payrolls. While there has already been a significant impact on many businesses, it's unknown what the full effect will be over the coming quarters. A lot depends on how much additional funding is provided at the federal or state level for businesses and individuals. We'll talk more about our views on outlook later in the presentation. From a rate perspective, we continue to see upward movement from most lines of coverage, as carriers further tightened underwriting standards and reduced their participation in certain lines of coverage, geographies, industries or limits. These increases were generally above what we experienced for the first quarter and continued to trend from the past few quarters. Ultimately, the amount of rate increase was driven by the loss experience for a given account or the class of business for the carrier. During the quarter, we did see a slowing in the rate of decline for workers compensation rates being down 1% to 5%. Premium rates for accounts in the admitted markets generally increased 2% to 7%, excluding commercial auto, which continued to increase 5% to 10% or more. From an ENS perspective coastal property rates increased 15% to 25%, general property rates increases 5% to 10%, professional liability rates increased 10% to 20% and cyber rates were up 10% to 20%. Based on what we experienced in the second quarter, we expect rate increases will remain fairly consistent for the remainder of the year. Regarding the M&A landscape, I thought things would slow down a bit for a while. However, we were still able to close three transactions with an estimated annual revenues of %46 million and have already completed a few deals in July. The biggest questions for buyers and sellers remains how to project the financial implications of the pandemic and therefore how to appropriately value businesses. With this uncertainty, the percentage of money paid at closing might decrease somewhat, but it does not appear valuations will materially change at this point. I am now on slide 5. Let's talk about the performance of our four segments. Our Retail segments, organic revenue declined 2.6% for the second quarter. This quarter we recorded a reduction in organic revenues of approximately $8 million for general liability policies resulting from the economic disruption associated with COVID-19. This adjustment represents an impact to organic revenue growth of over 250 basis points for the quarter. We also experienced rate increases for most lines and good retention. While we experienced a decline in new business, as it was harder to engage with prospects, we still had a number of great wins and are pleased with our results for Q2. Our National Program segment grew an impressive 15.5% organically, delivering another strong quarter. Once again, the organic revenue growth was one of the highest we've ever delivered. Our growth was driven by continued strong performance from many of our programs, including our lender place, our commercial and residential earthquake and wind programs, just to name a few. This growth was driven by new business, good retention and rate increases. Some of our programs did experienced headwinds during the quarter, such as our sports and entertainment and workers compensation programs. In early May, we completed the acquisition of Loan Protector, as I said earlier. We're pleased with this acquisition and the solutions we'll be able to deliver to our customers over the coming month and in the future. Overall, it was a great quarter for national programs. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment organic revenue growth was slightly positive for the quarter. Our performance was impacted by lower new business and retention driven by the impact of the pandemic and the continued reduction in appetite for carriers for certain lines of coverage, industries and geographies, primarily in the Binding Authority space. The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 15.4% for the quarter. The main drivers of our decline were our Social Security Advocacy businesses, driven by lower claims volume, a terminated customer contract and one of our claims processing businesses, lower claims for many of our businesses related to the pandemic and related weather related claims, as compared to the prior year. As we've seen in the past, our Services segment can have more volatility in its revenues depending on the volume and timing of claims activity. Based on what we're seeing now, we expect organic revenues for the Services segment to decline 5% to 10% in the second half of the year, as compared to the second half of the prior year. Overall, good quarter and we'd like to thank all of our teammates who delivered innovative solutions in this very challenging environment. Now let me turn over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everybody. I'm over on slide number 6. Consistent with previous quarters, we'll discuss our GAAP results, certain non-GAAP financial highlights and then our adjusted results, excluding the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables. For the second quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $23.6 million or 4.1% in organic revenue growth of 50 basis points. Our EBITDAC increased by 4.8% and growing faster than revenues, as we were able to manage our expenses in relation to lower organic revenues and offset the headwinds associated with increased non-cash stock-based compensation cost of approximately $10 million, lower guaranteed supplemental commissions or GSCs and the results from one of our acquisitions from the third quarter of 2019 that recognizes substantially all its revenue in the first quarter of each year. We're pleased with the expansion of the EBITDAC margin, as it demonstrates the power of our operating model and the focus of our leaders to manage their cost. A quick comment regarding our employee compensation and benefits and other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenue. The employee compensation and benefit ratio increased as compared to the prior year, driven by higher non-cash stock-based compensation cost and an increase in the value of deferred compensation liabilities, driven by changes in market values, with this increase offset within other operating expenses. The ratio of other operating expenses decreased due to proactively managing our variable expenses and to a lesser extent the benefit from the aforementioned change in deferred compensation cost. Our income before income tax increased by 4.8%, growing in line with EBITDAC. While we had incremental amortization and depreciation from recent acquisitions, our interest expense declined due to lower rates. Our net income increased by $4.2 million or 4.5% and our diluted net income per share increased by 3% to $0.34. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 25.2% compared to 25% in the second quarter 2019. The effective tax rate for the quarter was impacted by a one-time state tax refund, as well as the change in the market valuation of our company-owned life insurance related to our deferred compensation plan. Our weighted average number of shares were substantially flat compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.085 or 6.3% compared to the second quarter of 2019. We're over on slide number 7. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. During the second quarter of 2020, we had minimal changes in our earn-out liabilities. Isolating the change in acquisition earn-outs in both years our income before income taxes grew $9.3 million or 7.7%. Our net income on an adjusted basis increased by $6.8 million or 7.5% and our adjusted diluted net income per share was $0.34, increasing 6.3%. All of these increased faster than total revenue growth of 4.1%. Overall it was a really good quarter. Over to slide number 8. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 4.4%. Our contingent commissions and GSCs decreased by $1.7 million, as compared to the second quarter of last year. This decrease was driven by a one-time GSC in the second quarter of 2019, but was partially offset by qualifying for incremental contingent commissions within our National Program segment, and a positive adjustment related to finalization of the estimates we recorded in 2019. Our organic revenue, which isolate the net impact of M&A activity increased by 50 basis points for the second quarter. Over to slide number 9. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of 60 basis points, primarily driven by acquisition activity and higher profit sharing contingent commissions, which were substantially offset by declining organic revenue growth at 2.6%, driven primarily by the impact of COVID-19. In accordance with ASC 606, we lowered our estimates for the revenues we expect to earn from existing general liability and other policies where the premiums are subject to modification based on changes in exposure units, such as the revenue of the insured. Our revenue estimates were revised after assessing the projected impact of the pandemic, which resulted in a reduction of organic revenue by approximately $8 million and organic revenue growth by over 250 basis points for the quarter. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter decreased by 150 basis points and EBITDAC declined 5.1% due to the profit impact of the $8 million negative revenue adjustment, the impact of the aforementioned prior year acquisition, decreased organic revenue, higher non-cash stock based compensation and intercompany IT cost, all of these items offset material cost savings achieved in response to the pandemic. Our income before income tax margin decreased 240 basis points and grew slower than total revenues due to higher acquisition amortization expense and an increase in acquisition earn-outs. We're over on the slide number 10. Our National Program segment increased total revenues by $22.9 million or 17.4% and organic revenue by 15.5. The increase in total revenue was driven by strong organic growth, new acquisitions and an increase in profit sharing contingent commissions, which were partially offset by decreased GSCs. The organic growth was driven by many programs due to good retention, new business and rate increases and was partially offset by certain programs impacted by COVID-19. EBITDAC increased by 22.7% and our margin increased by a 180 basis points due to strong organic growth and increased contingent commissions, the continued leveraging of our expense base, as well as decreased variable cost, but was partially offset by lower GSCs. It was another great quarter for our National Program segment growing EBITDAC substantially faster than total revenues. Income before income taxes increased $8.1 million or 20.1%, increasing the margin by 70 basis points. This was driven by EBITDAC margin expansion, which was partially offset by higher acquisition earn-outs and intercompany interest expense. Over to slide number 11. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 9.5% and organic growth of 10 basis points. Total revenues grew faster than organic revenue due to new acquisitions and higher contingent commissions. EBITDAC grew by 9.1% and the margin was substantially flat as compared to the prior year, due to lower organic growth, higher intercompany IT expenses and increased non-cash stock-based compensation. We were able to offset these headwinds with higher contingent commissions and the delivery of reduced variable expenses. Our income before income taxes grew by 7.9% and the margin decreased by 40 basis points, due primarily to higher intercompany interest expense. Over to slide number 12. Total revenues and organic revenues for our Services segment declined 15.4%, driven by the items that Powell mentioned earlier. For the quarter, income before income taxes decreased 31.2% and our margin decreased by 340 basis points. EBITDAC declined by 25.2% and the margin declined by 280 basis points, driven by the mix of profitability associated with lower organic revenue and higher intercompany IT expenses. These were partially offset by reducing certain variable expenses. Few comments regarding outlook and liquidity and cash conversion for the quarter. First on our outlook. We mentioned earlier that contingent and non-cash stock compensation for the second quarter increased as compared to the prior year. As of now, we are not expecting material differences for either of these items for the second half of the year versus the same period last year. As it relates to liquidity and cash conversion, earlier in the second quarter we borrowed $250 million on a revolving line of credit to pay for the Loan Protector acquisition and to have additional liquidity in case the premium payment moratoriums impacted our cash receipts. Based on our financial performance, we repaid $150 million on the revolver before the end of the quarter. You'll also see our cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenue increased to levels higher than normal. This was primarily due to the Cares Act allowing companies to pay their first quarter federal taxes in July. We expect our cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenues for the third quarter will decrease from historical conversion levels, due to making this payment of approximately $50 million. At the end of the quarter, we remain in a strong financial and liquidity position. With that, let me turn back over to Powell.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy for a good report. Lastly, I started with comments about our teammates and their families and I want to close with the same focus. We are a team of 10,000 plus dedicated and hardworking individuals, who are driven to serve our customers. We cannot deliver great solutions and grow our business if we don't have our team at full strength. Therefore, our focus is always on the safety and health of our teammates. We previously provided guidance that our revenues could be up slightly to down low to mid single digits for the year. Based on the continued uncertainty of the recovery, we believe our full year organic growth could be slightly positive to slightly negative. However, there are still a lot of questions regarding how and when the economy will recover. We believe it's going to be slow and sporadic and we might see - may not see a recovery to pre-pandemic levels until 2022. The big questions right now are will employment levels continue to increase? Will consumers continue to increase their spending? How much additional stimulus will be needed and provided? Regarding rates, we think most rates will continue to increase in the second half of the year. We continue to talk with a lot of acquisition candidates and have a really good pipeline. Through the end of the second quarter, we closed 10 transactions with estimated annual revenues of $85 million. We've also closed a few deals already in July and are hopeful we'll close more over the remainder of the year. But we expect the marketplace will remain highly competitive. The main questions will be around financial forecasts and valuations. In these times, customers need innovative and creative risk management solutions. We believe our teammates and capabilities are well positioned to be great partners for our customers. At Brown & Brown, were committed to delivering as many innovative solutions as possible for the benefit of our customers and teammates. We look forward to a successful second half of 2020. And with that, let me turn it back over to Anita for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Let's take the first question from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. And Powell, we're all happy to hear you've recovered. First question, in terms of the $8 million adjustments, it sounds like you described it as - it sounded kind of similar to an audit premium adjustment. It sounds like it's something that could recur, to the extent your clients you know, remain - some clients remain under pressure or is this kind of you look through the entire book and hopefully it's kind of a one and done. I'm just trying to better understand how to think about that adjustment?
Andrew Watts: Hi. Good mourning, Mike. Its Andy here. Yeah, you're correct. What we tried to do for this quarter after working with customers and our carrier partners and seeing that the carriers were receptive in a number of cases to doing mid-term premium adjustments, which we would traditionally see at the end of audits for those GL policies. What we tried to do is for all of the outstanding policies that were out there, we looked at consumer spend and tried to come up with a estimate as to what we thought revenues could be down in general across the outstanding policies that we have. So hopefully we've captured that well, you know, all depends on kind of how the next few quarters play out for us. We may need to adjust that up and down and that's kind of our best estimate right now.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And thinking about Powell, you - thank you for giving us an update on kind of clearly a lot of uncertainty on organic in the back half of the year, you know, year-to-date organic is been fairly healthy, fairly resilient. Would you say, some of your peers have talked about pulling expense levers? You guys have as well this quarter. Would you say that you know, if the back half starts looking like it could be mildly negative. Are there - are these expense levers that you cited on the call could those continue to help in terms of the margin impact?
Powell Brown: Well, let talk about that for just a moment. So again, there are certain costs that are fixed in our structure and there's going to be certain variable costs and in those operating expenses a variable cost would be travel, T&E, just use that as a fairly easy one. And so we have a lot of teammates that travel a lot to see customers under normal circumstances. So obviously, if a customer says we want you to come, we ask our customers, but we go. So we have people that are flying to see customers now, but it's just not as frequently. And so I don't want to leave you with some impression that we have some levered yet to pull or something. It's not like that. It's basically each office is running their business the best way they see fit to serve the customers that we serve there, and as a result our T&E as - and some other variable expenses are down because of this operating environment. Those could go up if in fact the economy started to open up and grow more. And the corona virus situation was a little healthier, not like it looks right now or conversely we could stay in this current environment and I would anticipate that our - those variable operating expenses would also be down and in future quarters in the current environment. It's more speculative - it's predicated on what happens going forward. Hello?
Mike Zaremski: Sorry, one last follow up to your answer. T&E, we've got - any way we can estimate what percentage of your expense base T&E is, just we can kind of get a feel for how much that's moving up and down, given the benefits it's having on everyone's minds?
Powell Brown: Yes, sorry. Sorry, Mike. We don't disclose that.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. No problem. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And Powell, I would just echo Mikes comments, glad to hear you're feeling a lot better. My first question goes to the organic, updated organic guide. I think when we spoke last quarter you and most of your peers have pointed to there being a lag. So the third quarter could conceptually be worse than the second quarter. I get  was trying - wanted to get an updated thoughts there and maybe you might in that question, I just wanted to include the $8 million adjustment however you think, kind of we should think about the third quarter just in terms of the lag and if the impact could be more negative?
Powell Brown: Hi, Elyse. Actually when we made those comments in the Q1 call, we believe that Q3 would be the toughest quarter. And again, you're not going to like this because it's not with enough certainty, because no one, no firm will be able to give you what you want. It's going to be speculation. But we - with the adjustment in Q2, as Andy said earlier for the $8 million, we believe that that is our best estimate of the impact on future policies that we can see right at this moment. So again, remember there are things at play that are very hard to anticipate and this is not an excuse. This is an observation and you might say like what, okay. First of all, solvency of a customer, are they going to be solvent in the next quarter or not. We hope so, but I'm saying they are going to be firm, they are going to struggle even more. And that's number one. Number two, the impact of rate increases on the purchase of insurance. So there is a point at which some people cannot pay or they have to dramatically change their program. There are certain things that are mandated by law. There certain people, certain things that are nice to have or you'd rather transfer that risk to other people. That's number two. Number three, I'm very interested as all of us are in what is the next round of stimulus going to be and how is that going to impact you know, consumer behavior. And then the other thing that you have to keep in the back of your mind is, by the way, just take a look at for example Portland and the businesses in the area that affected downtown that are unable to operate. So you've got to put all that into sort of a mixer and mix it up. And so  and by the way the final thing that I didn't say would be the ability to get to new prospects. So some people are willing for us to come out there, some people want to see us virtually. Some people just got their hands so full that they just want to renew with who they've got. If it's with us, that might be good, but we may see a - in the future our new business continue to wane a little bit, don't know. I would tell you, what, and this doesn't translate to the numbers, but I'm going to just say that so everybody knows, I couldn't be happier with the way that our team is responding under what I would call a very difficult situation.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. Powell just to sum up some of those comments, do you think that the reason why you guys are obviously narrowing that side, right. And so you know, the organic - to see organic sharp slowdown is going to be significantly better than what you were thinking, could have been a worst case three months ago. And so would you say that that's a combination of you know, better place, also what's the impact the economy holding up better from some of the stimulus money. And then perhaps on exposure is also just in general market timing as much as you would have expected?
Powell Brown: Well, I actually - there's a couple parts to that story. Number one, as you know, we tried, I mean, we don't historically give guidance on organic growth and these are very unusual circumstances. So we've tried to give the best, our best snapshot that we can. That again takes into consideration that there are lots of variables that many of which we don't have control over. And the final thing that I think is, that merits a discussion is this. I know that some of you all have tried to draw a parallel between the first quarter performance and retail or the business, and the second quarter and I want to make sure that we clarify something, because I think it's very important. That is definitely like comparing an apple to an orange. So I don't think that you can compare the performance, whether it be our business or anybody else's business, the performance of a business unit, let's just say our retail in Q2 to the performance in Q1 and draw some dramatic conclusion. Because what you've got to understand is our business is a reflection of what we've said, the middle and upper middle market economy in the United States and our mix of business, our customer base may be impacted differently than others don't know that. But what I'm saying is, if the economy is just kept on bang in along in Q2 or Q3 like it was in Q1, I think that our organic growth numbers as an example would have been dramatically higher and our other business segments. So I just want to make sure we're clear on that and we're trying to give the best estimate and I know it frustrates you Elyse, because it frustrates us. Andy and I and everybody else on the team. But we were very pleased with the second quarter, as I said, both our financial results, but more importantly the attitude internally, how we're working with our customers, our teammate you know, this is a much different environment than anybody's operated in and I think that we're doing remarkably well under the circumstances.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful, Powell. And then my last question, maybe goes back to one of my questions. You guys mentioned reduced variable expenses several times in the prepared remarks and then in the responses question and it sounds like a good chunk of that is T&E, like T&E cost, which you guys are not quantifying. And just am I understanding that correctly or was there perhaps some other expenses that you're playing down as well. Just trying to get a sense of kind of the go forward impact, at least, for the balance of the year, on margins, you know, some of your initiatives on the expense side?
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Elyse. Andy, here. There was more than just T&E inside of there. So everything from professional services, over time, et cetera. So those are kind of any of our variable cost all of our leaders looked at in order to adjust them accordingly.
Powell Brown: I just use that as an example. It was not the only. It was just one that came first to mind.
Andrew Watts: So that's why were trying to give
Elyse Greenspan: Okay
Andrew Watts: Yeah, that's why we're trying to give you some additional color regarding the movement between employee benefits and compensation and other operating costs. Because it was the offsets between the deferred compensation costs that are in the two different categories.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So if you guys - maybe you don't want to quantify thats the full impact that we think about going forward with the other operating expense as a percent of revenue, right, you were saying was low on Q2. Is that a good way to think about that ratio for the balance of the year?
Andrew Watts: No. Don't use that low of a ratio, because again it's artificially low because of the deferred comp item. So again, you've got a credit sitting down and other operating and then an expense of the employee benefits. That you know, what Powell was talking about earlier, what we would expect is if the economy continues to start to - you know, continues to open up, we would expect that variable costs will start to go up over time. Will they jump back to where they were in the first quarter of this year or you know, or 2019, probably not. They'll probably slowly increase because a lot depends on can we go see customers and how that works out. But we would expect to see some growth in that area over the back end of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. And then Elyse, did you just want to make sure that you understood the reason for the change in the guidance on the third quarter, because of the piece that we just didn't understand in Q1 is what mid-term adjustments could be. We had just no idea at that stage. I think we got better visibility in the second quarter. We originally thought we might see more of that in kind of the third and fourth quarter. The $8 million adjustment that we recorded in the second quarter, hopefully is our best estimate. That should take some pressure off of the third and fourth quarter and maybe a little bit into the first quarter of next year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate the excellent color. Thanks, again.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now well take our next question from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Phil Stefano: Yeah. Thanks. And just echoing everyone's comments that the health seems to be coming back to Brown & Brown, that's great to hear. Just want to continue your question on the expense actions. It feels like variable costs has, you know, its been addressed and I don't need to dig into that. But going back to the first quarter earnings call, it's not like some of the non-variable expenses would be handled or at least strategically thought about in the regions. Are you getting any commentary from the regions about actions they might be taking or how they might be thinking about the business differently that would impact the non-variables assets?
Powell Brown: Yeah. The short answer is, our leaders are looking at the businesses in the best way they see fit to run the business long-term. So I want to clarify something, because I think it's very important. I know that when people talk about things like levers and variable and fixed cost and are there things that you can pull in the field that will impact, we don't think about that, that's like a way that big companies think, in my opinion. And so the short answer is, we think about what is the best thing to do for our company, our customers and our teammates for the long-term. And so there are lots of companies that are laying people off and/or furloughing and all of that and they have all their reasons and we're not commenting because their businesses are under intense pressure, we understand that. But you know, up to this point, you know, if we've had somebody depart the team, it's been performance related. It's not a wide, you know, impact across a number of teammates. And so we think about it because although this is going to impact the business in the near to intermediate term, we will come out of this difficult operating environment. Having learned a lot of things, as evidenced by going to a remote work environment in seven working days and how we've done that and interfacing with customers in different ways via video and et cetera. But no, I want to make sure that you understand that there's not some like hidden agenda out in the field that we're going to do to clip off some big number. I think that - under the circumstances I think that our margins and our growth were quite good in Q2. We're very pleased with that.
Andrew Watts: Yeah. So, I mean, what we were trying to hopefully convey at the first quarter and just give everybody initial insight. How do we run our company? And you know, we talked about on the first call, first quarter, we don't put out mandates, its just not our operating culture. We rely upon the leaders of our businesses to know how to adjust their cost. If you look at the second quarter it demonstrates exactly how it works. It worked perfectly. They did an outstanding job of managing all of their variable costs to the needs of their customers. Up and down and so we're very, very pleased with how well everybody did inside of the team and we think it works very well instead of Brown & Brown, might be need to be differently in other companies, but it's part of the reason why we have the great margins and we've had them for so many years because of how we run the organization.
Phil Stefano: That's a fair point. Look, growth particularly in programs was much stronger than at least I was expecting. Just focusing on my question, I guess, I was hoping you could help me understand the makeup of that portfolio and how it might be positioned to be  have stronger growth in economic downturns. I mean, what are the negative correlation versus the broader market there? And a lender place is something thats been highlighted the past couple of quarters, as a particularly strong business. You know, maybe the proportionality of things that run countercyclical that we might be able to think about the growth continuing in the segments?
Powell Brown: Okay. So let's just use two big comments, just broadly. What about wind coverage and quake coverage. So you heard me say in the comment - in the prepared comments that, even as property in some instances coastal yes, properties up to 15%, 20%, 25%, okay. So if you have a program that provides wind cover, it could be habitational, it could be other habitational, it could be frame, it could be good construction, a mix of all of the above, they're seeing rate increases. So, capacity constraints create a very unusual tension in a period like this. So, unlike 2008 to 2011, you had the economy going down and you had rates going down. We would tell you, as we said in Q1, the rates are going up now and the economy is going down. So you have this unique dynamic. And so whether it be - there could be some seasonality and some instances about when some accounts come up for renewal, I'll just make something up, I'm not, I mean, not make it up, but give you an example. It's not a program specific, we have programs in this area. But let's just think about public entities for a moment. Public entities usually date on seven one, nine one, ten one, those are big dates for public entities, and six thirty. So they may renew, you know, school board on six thirty or seven one, whether you're in Texas or you're in Oklahoma, you're in Florida or New York or Washington. And so that same school board, obviously, I mean, if it renews in June and they have this huge quake exposure hypothetically, wherever they are, then that's going to be in the month of June with this big exposure, as opposed to in July, you may not have any large school boards or you might not have any large companies that are seeking, I mean, we have a lot of large companies that are seeking quake coverage and wind coverage. But I want to - I want to acknowledge something here that I think is an important nuance. All of you have seen and/or read and heard about additional capacity that is allegedly coming into the marketplace and you hear about management teams that are forming new start-up risk bearers, be it insurance or reinsurance or both. What - is that a good thing or a bad thing for us? We believe it's a good thing because it gives us more capacity to serve our customer base. Having said that, you might think of it as saying, okay, that could be a governor, potentially we haven't seen this yet, the governor on the upward pressure on rates, because that new capacity comes in and now competes against some of these large standard carriers in America or overseas that want X rate, and they're not able to get X, they're able to get half of X because there's this new capacity that comes online. That has not happened yet. I want to make sure everybody knows that. But there is a lot of activity out there and a lot of discussion. That capacity could be plugged in to our programs businesses in certain areas. And if in fact that case were to occur, that may moderate the rate increases. Conversely, if in fact, capacity in some instance dried up, dried up, and that's an extreme example. It's not going to do that, but dried up to extent where you could only, you know, continue to write your renewals and your renewals would go up on rate alone, and you didn't have additional capacity to write new business, that would also impact the organic growth. So Id say this, we are very pleased with the organic growth of national programs. We do not want you to think that the growth this quarter is what we think it's going to be next quarter. We're more - we have a moderated view on that. We think the outlook is very good for the business. And we're very pleased with how it's going and a lot of it will be impacted by the actions or inactions of existing capital providers and then the entrance of new capital providers.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Thanks so much.
Powell Brown: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning. Can we circle back to your comments around M&A? Have you seen any continuing lack of involvement in the private equity side or is the private equity side back up and running in full steam? And then also can you speak to any potential benefit or fallout year-to-date from the Aon, Willis Towers Watson proposal?
Powell Brown: Okay. Private equity is going full steam. So, I would tell you Greg, the analogy we would use is think about somebody that's driving on the highway, about 85 miles an hour. And you come into this initial COVID environment, and they take their foot off the gas. That does not mean they put the brake on, it means they take their foot off the gas. So for a period of let's say, two months, or maybe three months, you go from 85 miles an hour to 65 miles an hour, and now they've put the pedal back to the floor, and they're going back up towards 85. So very active environment, continuing in the acquisition space. Again, as it relates to the proposed merger of the two firms. You know, we don't really speculate on that. I mean, there are people that we hear about and talk to and things about that that seem to be interested in exploring other opportunities. But we're not going to really speculate on all of that. And we wish them you know, the best. And however, that all works out at a complex, complicated deal, and we're going to just keep on, you know, trying to write new business and get the best people we can on our team. So I don't really want to speculate too much about that.
Greg Peters: That's fair. Can you, I mean, you brought it up, can you talk about how your producer retention has held up through the first six months, relative to historical standards?
Powell Brown: Yeah, sure. And the answer is I think it is held up exceptionally well. I think that our producer retention and our overall teammate retention has been really, really good.
Greg Peters: Okay. Fair enough. Maybe Andy you can circle back to the comments on profit sharing and guaranteed supplementals. Can you review the puts and takes on the results year-to-date and how we should be thinking about that again for the full year? I know you commented in your prepared remarks, but if we can go back to that it'd be helpful.
Powell Brown: Sure, yeah. No problem. Greg, morning. Let's just go through and look at them combined. So for the first quarter, we were up year-over-year, about $8.8 million, second quarter, we were down about $1.7 million, $1.8 million, and that was primarily due to the one-time GSC that we got the second quarter of last year. The comments that we made in there is at least for the first half of the year those either represented you know, new GSCs or contingents that we qualify for or adjustments to finalize the estimates that we recorded in 2019. And again, if you recall, with the new ASC, we have to record our contingents throughout the year based upon written policies to the best that that we can. Then when we receive the cash in the first and second quarter, we have to do our final true-ups. So that's the combination of all those which really drives the upside. We don't anticipate that for the second half of the year, as we mentioned earlier, so as of right now, we think that contingent GSCs will look fairly similar in the second half of this year as to what they did in the second half of last year, barring something new pops up we just don't know about.
Greg Peters: All right, thanks. And then the final piece, I know you know, we've been watching the struggles with your Services segment for several quarters now. It's kind of feels like this could be a trough year in terms of organic and just total revenue for that business. Is that the right sort of sense that you guys have about that business? Or is there something structurally going on there that might lead to a further revenue shrinkage as we think beyond this year?
Powell Brown: I think your first assessment was correct. I think we look at it as a trough eater. That's - that is, we don't believe there's anything structurally wrong with the business or anything like that. There's just a combination of things, as we outlined in my comments and in Andys comments that have alluded to that. So we kind of, you know, work our way through it. And, you know, it'll be better in the future.
Andrew Watts: Yes, Greg, this piece is always one of the unknowns inside of that, we've been talking about for a few quarters and is around the social security advocacy business. We're definitely impacted at times what happens at some security administration and the federal government. So depends on how quickly they are processing and claims on there and the amount of resources they put. So that does adjust things up and down over time. And we've seen that over a number of years. So it's just kind of one of those wildcards, we just don't know about it, until it kind of starts coming along. So we have to watch that and then see what happens with general property claims that are out there. Those again, just move back and forth based on weather related.
Greg Peters: Got it. Thanks for answers and Powell, stay away from the nightclubs and the beaches in the third and fourth quarter, okay?
Powell Brown: Thanks a lot. Actually, as you know, Greg, I have 10 weeks of immunity.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Just a couple of ones, the $8 million of revenue adjustments for COVID. So first, I guess, I think you said like $10.5 million on workers comp employee benefits last quarter, you got $8 million on GL. Are there any other lines that you could see such adjustments take hold?
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Yaron. As of right now, no we don't see in the other lines that we've not captured at this stage, if other facts seem to pop up, we'll have to address those. What we try to do is for the outstanding policies in Q1 and again, the outstanding policies in Q2, we tried to incorporate those into our adjustments. So it's kind of at least the best estimate right now all the kind of - we just need to see how things continue to play out. In one of the challenges we had going into the second quarter was how to estimate because we had that lag effect on reporting. So we really didn't start getting real good reporting for some of the monthly on employee benefits for work comp until May in June. So we've only got a couple months down. So we're going to continue to monitor and see what things look like and then we'll also start to see some of the renewals in the third quarter and they'll start to give us an idea also of what return on premiums look like and how well we did estimating that for the $8 million.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And so far the workers comp and employee benefits estimates are holding well?
Andrew Watts: Sorry, one more time, you're hard to hear.
Yaron Kinar: Sorry, about that. The workers comp and employee benefits estimates was the one that you had addressed last quarter, are those still holding well as of now?
Andrew Watts: Yes, they are. The mix is different, but in full, yes.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And can you say what the earnings impact was from those $8 million this quarter?
Andrew Watts: Sorry, again, youre hard to hear on. Yaron, you're breaking up a little bit. What was, can you repeat, please?
Yaron Kinar: I was asking you, if you could say what the earnings impact was from the $8 million, this quarter?
Andrew Watts: Oh, it's, quite high on there.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then one other question. How many of your customers, specifically retail and wholesale have taken actions or chosen to cut programs in order to cut insurance costs, as opposed to the carrier coming in and saying where we're lowering what?
Andrew Watts: Yeah. I think what I would say is, I want to clarify, I don't - I'm not aware of, well, maybe I should back up. There's two segments. Let's think about small business first. So we have small business in both retail and wholesale. And that's a scenario where we have people that call and say we're done. We just - here's the keys, like we are - they're out of business. So we've had a lot of that in small business areas, but those are small accounts. Okay? And larger accounts, what you might find is the cost goes up substantially and therefore they buy less of the coverage. But that doesn't mean they don't buy the coverage. Let me let me give you a perfect example. Let's say you're on - your company is a large manufacturer, and you have a $25 million umbrella and that $25 million, you manufacture, let's just say something like baby cribs and children's, you know, infant clothing, something like that. And your $25 million umbrella was just for sake of this discussion, a $1 million in premium. And the carrier that put the $25 million up comes back to you through your broker and says we're going to quote $10 million of coverage for $1 million of premium. So then your broker goes out and get the other $15 million, and let's say that's $800,000 or something. So your limit for $25 million, just went up to $1.8 million [ph] or $2.5 million or whatever the number is, but your primary $10 million was the same price as the 25 the year before. You may say, hey, I can only buy 10 million of coverage. That's what I'm talking about in larger customers. They're not saying, we're not going to buy an umbrella. That's not what they're saying. But what they're saying is, there are certain extreme examples. If you're in the transportation business, let's say you have 1000 long haul trucks, your excess liability premium is gone through the roof, multiples of times. And so if you bought 80 million of limits before, you might have been only able to buy $40 million now because the price is so high. So it's not - we haven't seen - in the small accounts area, we see people going out of business. In the middle market accounts area, we see people mostly renewing, but there's some mashing of the teeth. In the large accounts, particularly in tougher classes of business, we may see lower excess limits purchase because the rate increases are so substantial.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Understood. Thank you for the color and Powell, I hope that you and your teammates and families all stay healthy.
Powell Brown: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Thank you on the wholesale, I think you said binding authority was a little slower this quarter. What are the prospects for that to pick back up? And is this the new normal? Or should we go back to more mid-single digit growth?
Powell Brown: Yeah, Mark, I'll tell you what you've got in wholesale, it's interesting. You've got two segments in that business, as you know, the brokerage, so that's transactional brokerage. And then you have binding authority. The binding authority is primarily smaller premium accounts, not small, but smaller. So think of accounts that are primarily, you know, $25,000 in premium and under, it could be higher than that. But let's say $25 and under, and then transactional, large transactional wholesale would be bigger accounts or layered property or an umbrella or something like that. I think what you've got is in our business, the binding authority is being impacted, and it's hard to estimate the full impact, because as I said in the previous question, a lot of that business is impacted by the business prospects. So let me give you an example. April and May, binding authority new business was way down because the economy was closed, and the whole deal - and in June when it opened up, I mean, the number of new businesses we wrote was significantly more than the prior two months. But now it's going back the other direction. And so I kind of think that the binding authority business is going to be under pressure in the near to intermediate term. So let's say the rest of the year. Brokerage is - there's an opportunity for it to grow nicely. But you got to remember that there's also an enormous amount of pressure in some instances where some of that business might go from the non-admitted market to the admitted market in certain instances. You don't normally think of that, but there are certain instances where that's happening. So I would moderate the growth expectations in the second half of the year for that, just because there's a lot of uncertainty around how that part of the market responds. Normally I'd say no, I think it's great and it's going, but I just think that there is some headwinds there.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Then a quick follow up. Interest expense, Andy, good run rates, absent some of the bigger use of capital?
Andrew Watts: Yes, second quarter is probably a good run rate, presuming that rates stay where they are Mark. And we don't have any incremental borrowings for acquisitions.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Powell Brown: And Mark, I want to clarify something that I think is important. And it's a very timely example. One of the areas that we write a lot of binding authority business, an example would be personal lines in California. And as you know, California has been burning and there is all kinds of things over the last couple years. So a number of carriers have basically said we're not going to write personalized coverage in the state of California in Rush zones, which is, you know, not admitted areas. And so what that does is, there's a lot of disruption in that market, you might find some of that in Florida, in certain pockets where carriers have already gotten hit or exceeded their capacity. And so they're backing off. So, again, it is - there are forces that are a little different, doesn't mean that we don't you know, we're just going to work through it. But it's just kind of interesting where you have all of a sudden, you know, a place like California, which is the sixth largest economy in the world, and a big personal line market if they're choking on it. And so a lot of it's going to the state plan.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Understood.
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good morning. Powell, I hope you're doing well. If I understand your comments correctly, it sounds like there's more revenue pressure on the small accounts, whether that's in retail, or in wholesale. And obviously, overall margins are surviving that. But does that market shift itself, have any margin implications? Or does that mix sit at any margin implications?
Powell Brown: Well, I think we like the small business, and it's been a nice part of our business. And so remember, as a part of the whole, it's a smaller segment, but it does have a positive impact on our margins, or a negative impact.
Meyer Shields: So negative back when it goes away?
Powell Brown: I'm sorry, could you repeat that, you were unclear?
Meyer Shields: I am sorry. So you think that it has a positive or negative impact. You're saying that having less small account business, all else equal is positive or negative for margins? I just - I'm afraid I missed that.
Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is, the fact that you have less small business is a negative.
Meyer Shields: Okay. , so that means the quarter results even more impressive. So that's good to hear. On the first quarter call, I think you had anticipated less new business and higher retentions. And I'm just wondering what happened in  and maybe just talk about this and wholesale thing that we talked about, less lower retention, and talk about the COVID. Is that a small business component?
Powell Brown: That some of it, but it's not exclusively that. I mean, remember, think about it, a retention rate in retail, as you've heard us say before in an office, overall might be 92% to 95% overall revenue retention. You know, in a wholesale business depending on if it's binding authority or brokerage, it's, you know, 15 points less than that, maybe more. So there's a lot of, you know, churn in that book. And so if you're either not able to replace it, i.e., more new business, there's impact there. Or if you lose a couple of accounts, and if those accounts were big, that puts pressure on it. So I'll give you an example. Think about any industry that would be dramatically impacted in this period of time. Ill pick one for you. Car Rental, okay, so how many cars have you rented in the last four months, let's say not very many compared to the normal that you might rent. And so if that's the case, you can have customers, I just use that as an example, the customer might be a restaurant or a bar, it might be an entertainment environment, you know, think about, it's a, you know, it's got a - it's some sort of - I was going to say like a fair or something like that, or usually it's based on receipts, which translates the number of people and you could say, okay, $10 to get in or whatever the number it is, well guess what? What they said now their receipts are, you know, one tenth if that. So the rate that there's compression in the existing book, so remember, let's not lose sight of the fact that in retail we call this out, but just in general, compression in hospitality, restaurants, entertainment, we talked about sports, think about whether it's professional sports, or you know, Little League Soccer, you know, all of thats impacted. So you had - you we may renew the account, but the account is all of a sudden 30% of what it was. So there's inherent compression in certain segments of the book, not, by the way, Meyer, it's not exclusive to wholesale. We have that in programs. We have that in services. We have that in retail, very important distinction.
Meyer Shields: No, that was very helpful. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow up question from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Hey, thanks. Actually, first questions, two quick ones, I appreciate sitting me in. Powell, you mentioned a big theme here is a number of other accounts that you simply can't pay. Have you seen any examples or any pressure from any outside parties to issue any kind of rate relief or rebates that we've seen on the personal side? Or what do you think on commercial as well?
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is, we've seen some things on the health side, where there has been some actions taken by some insurers around the country, more regionally. And I'm not aware off the top of my head of commercial and yet I say that and I know of several large carriers that we - their trading partners who have been more than willing to adjust prices mid-term, maybe more so than others. And so that gives rate relief right there. So they might not have said, you know, like a personalized auto policy, we're going to give you a 15% you know, reduction in your premiums. What they basically said is, hey, do you have 100 trucks on the road and right now you're only driving, let's say 20 of them, we're going to give you, you can adjust your exposure units down or your payrolls down or whatever. So it's going to give them the benefit of not being charged for the trucks that are sitting in a warehouse. So it's the same thing, but it's not a rate cut. It's an adjustment and exposures. And then there are some carriers that are not willing to do that. And we've seen every scenario, I mean, boy, have we seen them.
Michael Phillips: Okay. I can imagine. I guess, last one, on the M&A side, you mentioned private equity still running full steam, there is still opportunities out there. Can you make any comments on what you're seeing in terms of evaluation level? Or what's being held up there today relative to recent prior quarters?
Powell Brown: Yeah, I mean, I would tell you that the acquisition prices, the multiples that are being paid. And remember, I'm always one that likes to say a multiple of what, you know, if you have a seller saying to somebody what they got versus the buyer, I want to know what is the real EBITDA is, the sustainable, ongoing EBITDA, not jacked up, you know, modified dramatically EBITDA. So, I would tell you that our sense of it is, the multiples being paid today are very similar to what they were being paid in the first quarter, and maybe even the last quarter of last year. So the multiples are not necessarily that different, Michael, it's just how to get comfortable with the impact of the pandemic on the earnings. That's really important.
Michael Phillips: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks for your time. I appreciate the answers. Stay well.
Powell Brown: Absolutely.
Powell Brown: Hey, Anita its about 17 past the top of the hour, unless there's - we'll take one last question in the queue and then we'll go ahead and wrap it up for today, okay?
Operator: Thank you, sir. This is our last question actually from Elyse Greenspan. Its a follow up question. She is from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, maam.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Thanks for keeping me back in the queue. My follow up, I was just trying to pry the comments throughout the call, back to the guide on and I do recognize you guys of kind of check you know, not necessarily normally given an organic guide, but as we think about kind of the slightly positive or slightly negative for the year, a couple of questions there. You know, in the best case, right, the slightly positive can see yourself on an overall basis, is it no worldwide thing positive for the next two quarters? And my second question is how long maybe you want to answer those together, its on the  you pointed out that $8 million adjustments this quarter to help the back two quarters. Do you see the Q3 or the Q4 better as you think about the next two quarters of the year?
Powell Brown: Great. So the answer to the question, again, with the unknown of how the economy is impacted by the number of spikes in the COVID, the cases confirmed and all the resulting issues. Could our growth be positive? Of course, it could be. It could also be negative. I'm not trying to be you know, diverting the comments. Could it be positive? Yes, it could be positive. There's a lot of variables, and like I said, if a bunch of insured's, all of a sudden had their exposure unit all go down 20% between now and end of the year, the idea of growing out of that, even with a good amount of new business might be hard. So I don't know, Elyse, that's the first thing. As it relates to the adjustment that Andy referenced, I think this is a kind of an important - this is a non-GAAP answer, okay. So  but it's based on GAAP principles. The adjustments that Andy and the team has made, not only in Q1, but in Q2, those adjustments were the best estimate at the time of what we could see in the business. So the reason I bring that up is, we could get into Q3, and there's some very possibly another adjustment. We don't know. But we know that right now the way we looked at the business, we have made the best judgment on the business as we see it today. And I think that's an important distinction. So I just mentioned that for what it's worth. I hope that helps. I know it's frustrating because, again, I - it frustrates me too, but it is what it is.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's very helpful, Powell. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time today. We look forward to talking to you in Q3. Please be well and be safe. I will tell you that, I got it and you don't want it. But I have a number of people that I know that have gotten it or come through it. So it seems like it's touching almost everybody. So be well and be safe and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during today's call including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to matter of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter thus its financial results differ from the current preliminary un-audited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, further events or otherwise. In addition, these are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Before we talk about our first quarter results we at Brown & Brown would like to say our thoughts and prayers are with all of those people directly or indirectly affected by COVID-19. We also want to thank those all of those people on the front lines for everything they're doing during these challenging times and finally I'd like to thank all of our 10,000 plus teammates for everything they're doing for our customers and for successfully transitioning to a work from home environment. Today we'll discuss our Q1 results and give you our thoughts in the next few quarters. Here are a couple key points for you to keep in mind. First, we had a very good quarter. In addition, we have a strong balance sheet, the highest cash conversion among our publicly traded peers and have access to approximately a billion dollars of liquidity. Our conservative operating philosophy has and will continue to be indicative of how we run our business. We're focused on the long term and are a capital-light business that's focused on providing unique solutions to our customers every day. The first quarter was A Tale of Two Cities. January and February were growing nicely and then we hit early March. We started seeing the impact of on torque on our customers in the Pacific Northwest. As we've said before, we believe we are a proxy for the economy with an emphasis on the middle and upper middle market. We began seeing the impact on our customers around the country in mid-March. One of the many difficult things to assess today is what will of mitigation efforts from the U.S. Government due for our customers through government support systems. During these very unusual times, we're focused on the safety and security of our teammates and their families. Many of our previous investments in technology have helped us transition 10,000 plus teammates to a work from home environment in a very short period of time. Our customers have been and continue to search for solutions on everything from the CARES Act, SBA loans, insights on furloughs and layoffs to how you can use your personal vehicle to deliver meals from a restaurant or how to get certain supplies. We opened our B&B Relief Center customers and others alike to take advantage of discounts on certain supplies. These actions combined with the weekly updates for customers and prospects have been well received by our intended audience. In addition, I'm humbled by the determination, dedication and commitment of our teammates what they have for our customers. Now let's transition to the results for the quarter. I'm on Slide 4. For the first quarter, we delivered $698.5 million of revenue growing 12.8% in total and 5.6% organically. We're very pleased with this strong organic revenue growth and I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the performance at each of our segments. Our EBITDA margin was $34.6, which is up 280 basis points versus the first quarter of 19. Our net income per share for the first quarter is $0.54 increasing 35% as compared to the same period in the prior year. On an adjusted basis excluding the change in acquisition amount payables we delivered $0.51 of net income per share growing 24.4% over the adjusted net income per share for 2019 Q1. During the quarter we acquired another five businesses annual revenues of approximately $39 million. In summary, we're very pleased how we grew the top line and bottom line this quarter. It was a great quarter after delivering a really strong 2019. Later in the presentation Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. Now on Slide 5. The first quarter was an interesting one. Until early March we saw the U.S. economy continue to grow and most companies continued to hire employees and invest in their businesses, ultimately driving expansion of exposure units. Then in the middle of March everything changed due to many stay at home or shelter-in-place mandate we're now seeing companies either terminating employees or putting them on furlough and driving GDP lower for the first quarter and beyond. We've said in the past that one of the primary drivers of our organic growth is exposure units. So we do expect an impact over the coming quarters. More on that later when we get the outlook. From a rate perspective we continue to see modest rate increases on most lines of coverage as carriers continue to tightens underwriting standards. The increases were substantially in line with what we had expected for the first quarter and we're similar to last few quarters. Ultimately, the amount of rate increase was primarily driven by the loss experience for a given account. Premium rates for low loss accounts in the admitted market generally increased 1% to 5% excluding auto which is up 5% to 10%. From an ENS perspective coastal property rates increased 5% to 15% versus the prior year. General property rates were 5% to 10%. Professional liability increased 5% to 10% and cyber was up about 10% to 15%. The impact of the pandemic on a rate now and in the future is unknown. Regarding the M&A landscape, it remained very competitive. During the first quarter we closed another five transactions with $39 million, an estimated annual revenue. We continue to talk with lots of companies but since a slowdown as sellers are trying to get a handle on how the pandemic will affect their businesses and therefore impact evaluation they receive. I'm on Slide 6. Now, let's talk about the performance of our four segments. Our Retail segment delivered another strong quarter with organic revenue growing 5.7% in Q1. Our organic revenue growth for Retail would have been approximately 300 basis points higher if not for a $10.5 million change in estimate related to future revenues resulting from the economic disruption associated with COVID-19. Andy will describe this in more detail later. Our growth for the first quarter was driven by improved retention, exposure unit expansion for existing customers, new business and rate improvement. We would like to congratulate all of our teammates in the Retail segment for delivering another great quarter. National Programs grew 11.8% organically delivering another great quarter. The organic revenue growth this quarter was one of the highest we've ever delivered when you exclude the impact of flood claims. Our growth was driven by continuing strong performance from a number of our programs, including our lender place, our earthquake, our personal and commercial property as well as many of our other programs. In early January, we completed our first acquisition in Canada special risk insurance managers. We're really pleased with this acquisition and the opportunities we believe will present to us over the coming quarters and years. Overall it's a great quarter for national programs, and I wanted to say thank you to all of our teammates in that division. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another solid quarter with organic revenue growing 8.2% driven by strong performance from both our Brokerage and Binding Authority businesses. This is even while we experienced some pull back from carriers writing California personal lines due losses from wildfires last year. Thank you to all of our team for delivering another good quarter. The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 13.1% for the quarter. We originally expected organic revenue to decline by 5% for the Services segment in the first half of the year being driven by our Social Security Advocacy business and it terminated customer contract in one of our claims processing businesses. During the quarter however, our organic revenue growth of Services segment was further impacted due to lower weather-related and social security advocacy claims. As we've seen in the past our Services segment can have more volatility in its revenues based on the volume and timing of claims activity. Now let me turn it over to Andy discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, were going to discuss our GAAP results, certain non-GAAP financial highlights and then our adjusted results excluding the impact of the change in acquisition earn-outs. I'm over on Slide 7. For the first quarter we delivered total revenue growth of $79.2 million or 12.8% and organic revenue growth of 5.6%. Our EBITDAC increased by 22.8% growing faster than revenues due to leveraging our expense base with higher organic revenue growth, higher contingent commissions and the results from one of our acquisitions in the past year that recognizes substantially all its revenue in the first quarter of each year. Our income before income tax increased by 38.2% going faster than EBITDAC due to the change in acquisition earn-out payables, which decreased by $12.2 million year-over-year based on our most recent projections. Our net income increased by $38.5 million or 33.8% and our diluted net income per share increased by $0.14 or 35% to $0.54. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 25.7% compared to 23.3% in the first quarter of 2019. The higher effective tax rate was driven by lower state tax rates and adjustments in the prior year as well as the change in the market valuation of our company owned life insurance related to our deferred compensation plan. Our weighted average number of shares were substantially flat compared to the prior year and our dividends per share increased to $0.085 cents or 6.3% compared to the first quarter of 2019. Moving over to slide 8. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-outs payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. During the first quarter we revised our estimated future, financial performance and the corresponding estimated earn-out payables by $11 million for certain acquisitions we completed in the last three years with $6 million of this adjustment related to the potential impact from COVID-19. Isolating the change in acquisition earn-outs in both years are income before income taxes grew $44.6 million or 29.8%, net income on an adjusted basis increased by $29.5 million or 25.7% and our adjusted diluting net income per share was $0.51 increasing $0.10 or 24.4%. Overall it was a really good quarter. Over to Slide 9. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter our total commissions and fees increased 12.8%. Our contingent commission and guaranteed supplemental commission's or GSCs increased by $8.9 million as compared to the first quarter of 2019 as the cash received during the first quarter of 2020 were contingents accrued as of December 31, 2019 was higher than anticipated as we qualify for certain contingencies that we did not qualify for the past. Our organic revenues which isolate the net impact of M&A activity increased by 5.6% for the quarter. Over to Slide 10. Our retail segment deliver total revenue growth of 15% driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 5.7% driven by growth across all lines of business. In accordance with ASC 606 we lowered our estimates for the revenues we expect to earn from existing employee benefits and workers compensation policies resulting in a reduction to revenue of $10.5 million. These estimates were revised after assessing the projected impact of COVID-19 on future levels of employment and payrolls of our customers during the remainder of their current policy periods. The adjustment lowered organic growth for retail for the quarter by almost 300 basis points. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter increased by 220 basis points, and EBITDAC grew 22.3% due to the phasing of profit from an acquisition we completed in the third quarter of last year, higher contingent commissions and leveraging our expense base with higher organic growth. The margin expansion was partially offset by higher non-cash stock-based compensation cost, intercompany IT cost and the margin flow through on the $10.5 million revenue adjustment we mentioned earlier. We grew our EBITDAC faster than total revenues, even when excluding the impact of the acquisition that records substantially all of its revenue in the first quarter of the year. Our income before income tax margin increased 470 basis points primarily due to higher EBITDAC margin, adjustments to our earn-out liabilities of $7.1 million year-over-year and the lower percentage growth of intercompany interest charges. The adjustments to earn-out liabilities were primarily driven by the potential impact of COVID-19 upon the future performance of acquisitions we completed in last three years. Moving over to Slide 11, our National Program segment increased total revenues by $18.8 million or 17.2% and organic revenue by 11.8% due to strong performance from a number of our programs. EBITDAC increased 25.2% and our margin increased by 210 basis points due to higher revenues, increased contingent commissions and the continue leveraging our expense base. The margin expansion was partially offset by higher intercompany IT charges. It was another really good quarter for our National Program segment growing EBITDAC substantially faster than total revenues. Income before income taxes increased by $10.3 million or 53.4% expanding 550 basis points due to EBITDAC margin expansion, lower intercompany interest expense and decreased estimated earn-out payables that were impacted by the potential for lower future performance associate with COVID-19. Over to Slide 12. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 10.2% and organic growth of 8.2%. Total revenues grew faster than organic due to acquisitions we completed in the past 12 months which was partially offset by lower contingent commissions. EBITDAC grew 8.5% and the margin decreased by 40 basis points due to higher intercompany IT charges and lower contingent commissions that offset underlying margin expansion. Our income before income taxes grew 13.5% and the margin increased by 70 basis points due to lower amortization and a change in acquisition earn-out payables. Over to Slide 13. Total revenues for our Services segment declined 10.1% and organic revenue decrease by [13.1%] with total revenues benefiting from a previous acquisition. Since organic revenue declined more than anticipated in the first quarter, we anticipate our organic growth for the first half of the year could be closer to a negative 10% excluding any potential impact of COVID-19. For the quarter, EBITDAC declined by 16.9% and the margin declined by a 180 basis points driven by lower organic revenues and higher intercompany IT charges. Income before income taxes increased 9.8% and our income before income taxes margin increased by 410 basis points. This increase was driven by lowering our estimated acquisition earn-out payables. Over to Slide 14. We want to make some comments regarding capital and liquidity. Our goal has been and will continue to be disciplined in our approach to allocating our capital with the goal of optimizing returns for our shareholders and maintaining a conservative leverage position. We've mentioned in the past the importance of having low leverage and a balanced debt maturity ladder in order to provide strength during times of economic uncertainty. We believe having the lowest leverage of the major public or PE-backed insurance brokers provides us with strong financial security and flexibility. Having a very strong balance sheet and the liquidity position will allow us to manage through the uncertainties of this pandemic but also allows us to continue to invest. At the end of March we had over $385 million of cash and cash equivalents and $700 million of available capacity on our revolver. We anticipate borrowing approximately $250 million under a revolving line of credit before May 1. A portion of these proceeds are expected to be used in connection with the payment for our previously announced acquisition of loan protector insurance services that we anticipate will close in early May. The remainder of this borrowing will be used to further strengthen our financial position in order to mitigate the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that may result from delays in payments from customers or carriers. Moving over to Slide 15. One of the metrics we are proud of is our ability to convert revenues into free cash flow. We consistently convert 22% to 26% of our revenues into available capital due to our strong margins and rigorous management of working capital. Our industry-leading free cash flow conversion ratio is about a 100% higher than the average of the other public brokers. That means we generate about the same amount of cash as compared to a company twice our size. That means we have a lot of capital to invest in our business. Depending upon the level of M&A activity we generate significant capital in excess of our committed expenditures that include dividends, CapEx and debt service. We believe we're in a really strong position right now. As a reminder Q1 normally has a lower free cash flow conversion ratio due to ASC 606 as we accrue revenue primarily related to employee benefits policies with associated cash collected throughout the year. We also pay the majority of our annual performance bonuses earned in the prior year in the first quarter. Our free cash flow conversion ratio was about 2.5% for the first quarter of 2020 compared with a negative 2.9% for the first quarter of 2019. One thing that may affect free cash flow conversion would be customers delaying payments either offered by carriers or mandated by states. We believe this scenario would delay our cash receipts and this is why we anticipate drawing an additional capital on our revolver later this month. With that let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks Andy. Great report. Let's talk about how we're thinking about the outlook for the coming quarters. We expect the economy and employment are going to decline for at least the next two quarters and then potentially increase slightly into the fourth quarter. This assumption is based on reports from many economists within our banking partners that are projecting a 15% to 20% unemployment rate in the second quarter. Keep in mind that per the CARES Act self-employed and gig workers are now eligible to file for unemployment. These individuals are generally not covered by sponsored plans. They will be more than likely not impacting our employee benefits or workers compensation lines of business. Also keep in mind there are many employees being furloughed that are filing for unemployment but are still benefit eligible. These are good examples of the complexities when comparing current unemployment figures to prior years and in estimating the potential impact on our business. These same economists are projecting GDP to decline 20% to 30% in the second quarter with growth starting to rebound in the third quarter but they're not expecting a recovery until mid to late 2021. Based on these assumptions, we believe the biggest impact on our financial performance will be in the third quarter but anticipate our organic growth could be negative in the second quarter. This is due to the fact that higher unemployment will take about 60 days before we see its impact our numbers. We believe the largest impact will be to our employee benefits and workers compensation lines of coverage as they are primarily driven by employment and payrolls. In addition, we expect our overall PMC business to be impacted when companies reduce their exposure units. Another dynamic of the work-from-home mandate is that we're expecting our new business to slow but retention to increase. We do not know if these will offset each other. The unknown right now is how deep and for how long the impact of COVID-19 will last. We hope that the CARES act and the action by the Fed will start to take effect in the coming months for Q2.  Regarding rates we think most rates will increased slightly in the second quarter but it's unknown what will happen to rates in the second half of the year until more is known about the impact of COVID-19. Taking all these factors into consideration our best estimate is that the full-year organic growth could be slightly positive or down low to mid single digits. This range is really unknown as we've made assumptions based on limited actual data. We will have better view over the coming quarter as to the depth and duration. Here's what we do know. We're a solutions provider. Therefore we'll continue to stay focused on providing risk management solutions for our customers and prospects and developing new and creative ways of generating new business remotely. We continue to talk with acquisition candidates and may close a few deals in the second quarter. For the next few months at least we expect there will be a slowdown in M&A activity due to the uncertainty around the future performance of businesses and what this might mean for sellers valuations. I mentioned earlier that we are continuing to innovate and serve our customers during these uncertain times. Out of necessity comes great creativity. We always try Brown & Brown to deliver as many new solutions as possible for the benefits of our customers, our teammates, our carrier partners and our shareholders. Lastly, as I started with comments about our teammates and their families I want to close with the same focus. We are a company of dedicated and hardworking teammates focused on serving our customers. Therefore, its our goal to always ensure they are safe and healthy. When we do this, it helps them to be great spouses, parents and teammates that focus on delivering innovative risk management solutions. With that let me turn it back over to Lisa for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take the first question. Please go ahead. It's from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Greg Peters: Good morning. So thank you for the guidance regarding the outlook for the year. We appreciate that and I was wondering if you could build upon that by commenting on your exposures to industries like the restaurant industry, the energy industry, etc. and then secondly I know some of your peers have made comments about no layoff pledges and I'm just curious if you anticipate the possibility of negative organic revenue growth; how you intend to manage the expense base during this crisis?
Powell Brown: Okay. So good morning Greg. A couple things. First of all, as you know we have a pretty diversified book of business. That does not mean that we don't have a lot of a lot of things but it's just a broad spectrum across the United States. So I would tell you there are industries as you know that are dramatically affected; things like gaming, hospitality, restaurants, movie theaters, sporting events, you said oil and gas; anything in the theme-park, gyms, certain construction, transportation and quite honestly it's very difficult right now to determine the impact on each of those industries. We can make assumptions and that would be our best estimate at the present time. So for example, you might ask we do a lot of business in the automobile space. And automobile could involve dealerships, new, both  and RV. We do F&I business, we do a lot of things. So depending on where you are in the country that business has been impacted widely. So for example, in the Northeast it has hit much harder than it is in the mountain states as an example and so it's really I think too early to say Greg but from an industry standpoint there is no one industry that we have such an enormous exposure to that we need to call it out. Like I said, I just used the auto industry because it's a unique one and you read a lot about it but we have lots of governmental entities and we have lots of nonprofits and we have lots of construction and we have. So that's the first thing. The second thing is relative to the $64,000 question, which everybody expected would ask about and let's talk about that for just a moment. Number one, at Brown & Brown we have teammates. We don't have employees and we are part of one big high-performing, we call it athletic team and each team at the local level is run by a leadership group which evaluates how to invest in that business on a daily, monthly, quarterly, yearly basis. So we are defined as an organization and locally by our customers, our capabilities and our carrier relationships. So when I say that it is not our intent to have teammates get off the team during this period of time. That would be the last thing that we would be interested in. I will tell you this those assessments if that would happen would occur at a very local level not a broad dictate, we would not be dictating from above. It would be a local level decision on how to best serve our customers. So we are very sensitive around that topic right now as we always are because we got a bunch of great teammates and we believe that as this changes and whatever that means because your guess is as good as ours is we will be a stronger organization coming out the other side.
Greg Peters: Thank you for that long answer. Appreciate it. Yes, in the comments you spoke about, I mean in the press release about the risk that cash receipts from customers might be delayed and can you speak to, if you've seen any evidence of that today and then perhaps use that and build upon comments around the acquisition and how you are investing in a business at this point going forward? 
Powell Brown: Okay. So number one, remember it's absolutely happening because there are states that are mandating it Greg. So there are states, as you know where they are mandating a 60-day premium holiday or something to that. That's number one. Number two, we have on a limited basis certain customers particularly smaller customers but not exclusively, they're requesting rate relief because of exposure units going down. In some instances and some carriers are allowing us to adjust exposure unit down midterm in anticipation of the impact on their overall business. Now you asked the question about acquisitions and how we think about our business. Let's talk about the reality of life. The reality of life is, number one, we announced a loan protector which we think is a very good business and we were waiting for DOJ approval and we anticipate that closing some time in the second quarter. And we closed, as you know several other transactions in Q1. And so we're an organization that's always talking to people. And at the end of the day businesses are run by talented people and so they can have the best revenue stream or earnings stream that you could come up with but if it's not a cultural fit then it doesn't work and we don't want to do that and so the idea of consummating a transaction based on a video call where we never met the people that I just have a very-very-very hard time seeing that. But having said that we've been calling on lots of people for long-long periods of time. So the reason Andy talked about -- Andy and I talked about there is a lot is, the reason Andy talked about our liquidity is, I think that's really darn important and for those of you that were on the call 10 years ago before the slowdown 10 years ago some people used to get a little, they used to criticize us for being conservative and then we worked our way through that period of time and now we continue to be conservative and I think we're in a good position where we can invest in our business whenever we want. That does not mean we're trying to go out and buy a bunch of businesses during the downturn. It means that we have the flexibility to invest when we want.
Greg Peters: Okay. And the final question would be in the previous quarters, you and Andy have been willing to provide some perspective on what would happen to profit sharing and guaranteed supplemental conditions in the over course of the year and I'm wondering if you could use this opportunity based on really an uncertain outlook for the balanced of year, how you think that might ripple through and effect those two lines within their revenue? 
Powell Brown: Okay. Again Greg, this is purely a guess and so I'm going to take two whacks at that one. Number one, if you look at it you could say huh, you may have fewer losses because of automobiles and things like that, not on the road for a period of time. So you could say maybe it goes up slightly but in some of these as there are growth components to them. So you have to have, you got to grow the business and have a certain performance. That's number one. Number two I think many of our large carrier partners and other carriers are looking at ways to help their distribution partners and what I mean by that is again, how we run our business and how a smaller independent agency runs their business might be slightly different from a cash flow standpoint, some of that other stuff. And so I do believe that the carriers will be looking closely at how can they take into account these extraordinary circumstances and mitigate the potential negative side of that, meaning like if there's a growth component, do they decide to waive that for the year. I don't know. I haven't heard of anybody doing that yet. I'm just speculating. So it's very hard to tell Greg but if you press me, I would basically say I think it would be down slightly.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hey good morning Greg. Andy here. Because we accrue for these on a go-forward basis now with ASC 606 it puts another level of complexity in. You saw that our first quarter we picked up additional contingents based on those we didn't qualify for the last year. At least we would not anticipate as of right now that going forward hopefully that will occur but that would probably not be our expectation at this stage. We're going to need to really watch this closely over the next quarter or two and just see what trends look like, feedback we're getting from carriers, again the lost comment is spot on the other side of it but its premium is down form and it impacts their profitability which impacts the contingents. So there's a lot of factors we're going to need to kind of monitor on the way through.
Greg Peters: Got it. In your ASC 606 adjustments that you referenced up front, none of that related to the profit sharing and guaranteed supplemental commission component of your revenue or did some of that go through there?
Powell Brown: No, it was very, very small. No basis --
Greg Peters: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take the next question from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey good morning gentlemen. First question on the revenue recognition. Just wanted to understand whether the impact -- this quarter impacted margins materially?
Andrew Watts: Well, I don't know I would say, materially on it Mike is what we disclosed as we made the $10.5 million revenue adjustment and it had a profit impact of about $5.8 million and as you've seen in the past normally the adjustments that we make around ASC 606 normally move with higher margins than the overall business. So that's pretty consistent and how it works.
Mike Zaremski: Thanks. Andy, to clarify that, did it improve -- help the margin by it like $5 million to $6 million --?
Andrew Watts: No, it negatively impacted the margin, basically what it did is it basically slowed out about a 58% margin. We don't have a 58% EBITDAC margin.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And should we expect that to persist potentially to 2Q and 3Q given your commentary?
Andrew Watts: No. Let's see if we can do an example here to try to explain how this worked because what we had to do is, we had to look at all current policies that are in effect through or enforced through March 31 and do a look back on all of those and of the adjustment of $10.5 million about 7.5 million or so relates to policies that we bound in the first quarter and then the residual relates to policies that we bound back in 2019. Here's how you want to think about what let's use worker compensation. So if we were to bind a policy and the estimated payrolls for that policy said that we were going to earn a $100 over the next 12 months what would happen is now at this stage if we think that the payrolls are going to decrease and we're now going to earn $80 what we need to do is reverse the $20 that weve recognized when we bound that policy. So in this example we did that in January. We then turn around and backed up to $20 in March. So that should represent all outstanding policies. What it doesn't account for Mike and the piece that we don't know and then the commentary we had is what exactly happens on renewal business over the coming quarters and the impact to the organic of that piece we just don't know right now.
Mike Zaremski: Understood and helpful. My last question is regarding potential business interruption claims. A lot of chatter out there, not speaking to the regulatory front, I think that's something that unless you have an opinion on that, I'd love to hear it but maybe this is out of our control; curious kind of what your clients, you are seeing from your clients and from the carrier's in terms of the ability or there to be, do you think there will be some business interruption claims paid out for your clients or most of them excluded?
Powell Brown: Okay. Mark, it's Powell. Couple of things, I'd like to first say that as you know business interruption is typically excluded or generally excluded due to pandemic and then on top of that there is a provision for a physical damage loss. So you got to keep that in the back your mind. So I would tell you that in a very small number of policies out there, there are some sub limits, but I mean very small as a percentage less than 1% if I had to guess but having said that again you would have to look at every single policy for every single customer but if you're talking about generally speaking in the industry of which our customers represent a good wide range of what's written in the industry as I said generally speaking business interruption has a pandemic exclusion and it also necessitates physical damage loss. That's number one. That's it.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Hey, Mike I want to just come back clarify one thing on your question just to make sure that we've covered it with everybody because you asked about would it be a go-forward impact. The adjustment that we made on the 10.5 again that's our best estimate based upon what we think may happen with unemployment and payroll for those outstanding policies. If for some reason that turns out to be different than what we anticipate could we have another adjustment in the second or third quarter incremental? Yes, we could. We don't know right now. Again, we made our best estimate at this stage.
Mike Zaremski: Understood. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take the next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, just a couple of quick things on the quarter and then I have a bigger picture question. Is there about $6.4 million of EBITDAC that didn't go through the segment that might have gone through a corporate? And if there was, what was the corporate benefit coming from in the quarter?
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning Elyse. The other a couple things, we mentioned this during our commentary on the incremental, the higher IT cost down on the divisions that was really a just a shift from corporate down to the divisions versus how we reported it last year so that was a portion of it and then also during the first quarter we did make some adjustments to our SIP based upon estimated payout for those, the three grants that are outstanding. So those were the primary drivers in the corporate that made up the $6 million. As it relates to SIP, again we monitor that on a regular basis as you know and we will make adjustments up and down over the coming quarters based upon what we think the payouts will be both on organic and the earnings per share.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay that's helpful and then in your prepared remarks you guys had called out some good growth in lender place business, does that the growth on client sticking to recessionary pressures from COVID-19 or is it growth that you would have seen regardless what happened with COVID-19?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Elyse, that was a few different dynamics going on there. That was almost primarily all driven by new business and we saw that they had a great 2018, they had a good 19, we lost a couple customers last year through M&A but we had picked them up covered most of that through new business. They're continuing that same trend. The dynamic right now in that space and you see a number of mandates regarding inability to foreclose on properties. So we're not seeing a lot of incremental placements right now but the thing that we like about that space is that it gives us a nice buoy around the organic growth because if the economy does go down those businesses take off which is really good.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay that's helpful. And then I appreciate the outlook and obviously understand that there's a lot of uncertainty in terms of GDP and unemployment projections as well as how long some of these stay-at-home orders are going to put this but those you guys think about this kind of slightly positive to kind of down organic for this year. How do you see the different segments and I recognize this is very fluid but as you run through different scenarios it seems like programs is, could kind of still perform pretty well even downward scenario. Can you kind of high level walk us through the different segments and what could perform better and what might see more pressures on the economy turn downward.
Powell Brown: So Elyse, it's Powell and the answer is as you know, historically we have not given guidance and we're not going to give guidance on the divisions this time. We've done our best to give you an overall view based upon our best guesstimate today and if and when we have better information we would be able to give you a better answer but at the present time we've said what we're going to say on that.
Andrew Watts: Yes, the only segment that we had additional color on this quarter release was the Services segment just because of what we were seeing on underlying claims activity.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful and then in the past you said two-thirds to three-quarters right, of organic growth was driven off also exposure unit with the remainder being of an office price. Does that kind of ballpark assumptions to apply right now given some changes that we've seen on the within your book of business?
Andrew Watts: I think that's correct. Here is the thing that I think is very important for everybody to consider on this telephone call. In 2008 through 2011, you had a period of time where exposure units were going down and rates were going down. Today you have a different dynamic. You have exposure units going down and rates going up. And so there is, there are couple things you got to think about. There is one, that dynamic when people are strapped for cash and in event that you are trying to, if you are in the bunker mentality which is I just want to fight another day, I got to get through this then do you buy and we haven't seen this yet but I'm saying do you buy a slightly lower umbrella, do you buy a lower limit on your earthquake cover, do you buy less of a wind limit, what do you do out of necessity to enable you to get to that another day and so let's not forget that. That's really important and I'm not aware of any way for you or anybody else on this call to model that because we don't know. We're just telling you our sense of it and talking to customers ourselves and talking with people in our organizations that's a big thing for me. I want to know how our customers are doing financially and how can we help them. We want them to be an ongoing concern.
Powell Brown: Yes Elyse, we talked about this in our last couple of calls that you can't always make a direct correlation to that, as an example, if property rates are up 5% that as a result organic growth is up 5% because of how companies are thinking about deductibles and again 5% might not be the trigger mark but for some reason you lay a 10, 15 or 20 on somebody because of their loss experience, they might change their deductibles and so those are the some of the dynamics that kind of play into the actual revenues and then the weightings.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks for the color.
Powell Brown: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take the next question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for all the detail. Andy, if organic is the kind of taking the midpoint flat or down just a little bit, what does that do to EBITDAC profitability for the full year?
Andrew Watts: Hi, morning Mark. I think that's probably still one of the unknowns for us right now. As you've seen in the past there's not always a direct correlation between our organic growth and our margins. We've had quarters when the two of them moved in tandem we've had quarters where it moves back and forth. As you know, we try to manage the business and lead the business on a long-term basis not a quarter-over-quarter. Is there a potential for some interim margin impact potentially because how quickly this came at everybody through all of it but we try to really stay on top of all this every day it's why we have the margins that we have in our business but wouldn't be surprising if there's some downward pressure on the margins, on the full year as it relates to the quarters but we don't have a good view at this stage, just because we're struggling to get our arms around the revenues in all honesty. There's minimal actual data today for us to face any of our assumptions on that's what our struggle is.
Mark Hughes: How about the distinction kind of smaller accounts versus middle sized or large accounts, how much of a difference are you seeing in their behavior?
Powell Brown: Well, Mark, it's Powell. I would tell you that, we write a lot of all of it and so a lot of our small customers, a number of them don't have the financial resources to whether six weeks working from home or as I say, when I go home and see the ingenuity has come out and the transition or transformation of particularly from small businesses to an alternative delivery model of value whatever it is that there are, whether it's takeout service that our restaurant to something else. I think that there are people that are just getting by, in some instances more so in the small businesses or if they have received some sort of financial assistance or its forthcoming, they're just trying to get to where we crank back up again, many of the medium and larger businesses barring those that are highly leveraged so and there are a lot of those too but they are typically been better equipped and a common response would be when we went into this into the teeth of it, we can make it for a couple of months but we got to get this thing cranked back up first part of the summer or middle of summer and because they had managed their balance sheet and their cash position pretty conservatively. So it's kind of all over the board.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take the next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Hi good morning everybody. First question, circling back to margins and second in the scenarios where organic growth actually, it turns negative for the year and you're not really looking to shrink headcount here. Can you maybe talk about the other measures that you have at your disposal to keep margins relatively stable? And maybe in a broader sense what portion of your costs are variable?
Andrew Watts: Good morning Yaron. As you know, we've got a fair amount of levers inside the organization on variable cost and those are just, there's going to float up and down accordingly from anything that we pay on the commissions front. Anything we can look at, at the right time on compensation we will do but again we'll figure out how to step through that at the right time and as we said in our commentary that's going to really come down to the leaders and those individual businesses because how each of our businesses navigate through this uncertainty is going to be different and we're going to really rely upon our leaders locally to make the right calls inside of there. They do an excellent job of leading their businesses today, they have in the past. We've got all the confidence that if they will continue to do that in the future in order to balance off the needs with our customers, carrier partners with all of our teammates.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then if I look back at the global financial crisis, I think the companys organic growth is under pressure for exactly long period of time in the recovery period. I think a lot of that had to do with just a greater orientation relating to smaller businesses. Can you maybe talk about that has changed since 2009 to 2012? Maybe you can get a sense of what the average account sizes or average commissions or anything that you could share with us in terms of how you think about the impacted on both the crisis now and the recovery?
Powell Brown: Hey Yaron, it's Powell. Number one, I caution you or anybody else to try to draw parallels between this event and any other subsequent event that has occurred historically because that is purely a guess. I just want to make sure that's up front. Number two if you think about our business, just at a very high level, just think about this for just a moment. Weve had Arrowhead, Beecher Carlson, Wright. We've had Hays. We've had all kinds of other really high-quality organizations that span the entire size spectrum and a lot of that has been upper middle market and even into some large account businesses. Having said that I think another important distinction is, if we're just talking about retail for a moment the reliance upon the state of Florida as a percentage of revenue then as it is today. So if you overall of the company, it's about 20% of our overall revenue emanates from Florida but that's misleading because let's say almost 6% of that revenue is in NASH in a program that's outside of Florida for the most part. So all of a sudden, you have a more diversified, as Andy might say, portfolio of companies. I actually would tell you that we are not economists and by the way we are optimists by nature. We are simple sales people who live by the sea and we understand our numbers and we reinvest it for the long term and so what I would say is this is not V but whether it a U, or L or whatever that is, we don't know, but what we do know is in light of all of that, I want everybody to understand that we're really pleased with the first quarter and that our three biggest divisions had great quarters and we are writing a lot of new business. And we are going to be there for our customers. And so I actually think it, I would be very cautious of trying to draw a parallel between then and now because there are no similarities in my opinion. That was a long downward slide, over let's say 16 to 18 months and a very slow crawl out. This was an elevator drop down which included financial panic for many people. So you had a demand drop for services and consumable goods and you have the financial institutions and much stronger point of view. So I wish we could give you more on that Yaron because it would help us too but I'm just saying, I think it's different and if 68% of the GDP is the customer then and that's going to impact demand then how does the customer feel if they're unemployed, getting an unemployment check or they're furloughed or what and we don't know. They don't feel good I know that.
Andrew Watts: The other thing, just to make sure you keep in mind, you probably recall this -- the whole citizens effect that we went through during that time period. So you've got that dynamic going on 2007 exactly. So you've got that impact. So that's what drove it down but if you look at commercial lines rates and you probably begin to have went back and look at this but you've got 06, 07, 08, 09 and 10 during that time period all commercial lines were also down. So those are the some of the dynamics. You had construction significant impact. That's why we think this feels like a very, very different event to us maybe in some aspects that feels I'm kind of taking that 08 to 10 period and compacting it down into about a three or four week, I mean at least that's how it feels right now that's kind of some of the unknowns to us.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I appreciate that and it's exactly trying to understand a difference. So that is where I was at. So thank you for that. And maybe one final one, pricing can you maybe talk about the momentum you saw in April from a pricing perspective?
Andrew Watts: It's kind of same. I mean, like I said, I don't want you to get too caught up in, is it going to go up more so or down. I think the carriers obviously are very sensitive around limits that they put up and certain lines of coverage where they think there might be some potential exposure and I'm not talking about a BI claim, I'm just talking about other lines of coverage that might have an exposure and how they underwrite that, D&O, professional liabilities etc.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take the next question from Ron Bobman from Capital Returns. Please go ahead.
Ron Bobman: Hi Andy and hi Powell. Thanks a lot. We always care about your well-being. So we sure hope that neither of you were on those beach pictures that we saw a couple weeks ago?
Powell Brown: We weren't.
Ron Bobman: Great. I have a question about your wholesale business which obviously had a very strong quarter. I'm curious, I know it's very, very, early days but I'm curious what you're seeing this far as sort of the flow of activity sort of traditional wholesale business of late carriers quoting activity pushing more business into that channel or are not visible as of yet or no change? Thanks.
Powell Brown: Well, let's talk about just Q1 again and the answer is I think it's similar to the prior quarters but I would tell you that there continues to be a lot of activity. So I think the activity is saying let's say Q4 to Q1 but there's just a lot of activity in wholesale and so remember depending on the agent that we're doing business with some of those agents have not been able to transition to a work from home environment as easily as let's say we did or maybe someone else.
Ron Bobman: So your point being despite that it's still quite active? Is that the emphasis you're placing?
Powell Brown: Yes. That's it.
Ron Bobman: Okay.
Powell Brown: That's correct. That's how I want you to think about it.
Ron Bobman: Okay. All right. Thanks gentlemen. Be well. Thanks a lot. Bye, bye.
Powell Brown: Thank you Ron.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take the next question from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Good morning all. Andy, I was looking to sort of frame the $10.5 million adjustment in terms of maybe what's the denominator of like annual revenues or what sort of employment or what sort of employment or payroll decreases contemplated in that and then I am out.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hi good morning, Meyer. So maybe a couple ways to think about that is again we look at outstanding policies. So again it doesn't -- not that it's applying to all policies for an entire year and the reason why it's got more waiting in the first part of the year is any policy that we placed last year they would have upwards to 11 months that they've already had the previous exposure uses kind of underpinning in inside of there. What we try to do is in our commentary that we mentioned is, we leveraged a lot of what all the economists are saying, there are our banking partners or other information that we could get and utilize that to potentially at least project what unemployment could look like. Here's the variable is, we don't know what furloughing will do. So that's unknown. The data that is out there is from about three weeks ago and so that that's a piece we don't know exactly what Cobra effect is going to do on the employee benefits business. So that's also kind of a unknown and then this question about how many of those previous individuals that are now able to file for unemployment claims i.e. independent contractors or gig workers. Again it's going to inflate the number that is reported but we'll have more likely almost no impact on our employee benefits or our work comp businesses. So those are kind of the dynamics that we were juggling around in order to come up with an estimate.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. That's very helpful. Does ASC 606 mean that if your estimate is correct then the historical impact pretty modest doesn't show up the segment?
Andrew Watts: So let's see here is on, as it relates to work comp and employee benefits is, yes that would be true in your statement if everything worked out perfectly which by the way is not going to work out perfectly, but yes that would be the case. The item that we don't know about right now is for other policies that we place. If it starts to become evident that there are the likelihood for significant return premiums in out periods, yes we are going to need to take a look at those absolutely but again we have no data at this stage to give us any indication that it's there. So we need to watch that one again, wish we could be more specific, man, there are so many unknowns in this current environment at this stage.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood and definitely appreciate all the help. One last question if I can. You're hearing a lot of rumblings about, particularly in the small enterprise space about insurers that are shocked to hear that their business interruption claims aren't covered. Let me you take through Brown & Brown sort of all these procedures and maybe no cover against claims from people that had that disappointment?
Powell Brown: Well, remember as I have said before generally speaking there is a pandemic exclusion in business interruption and it usually mandates a physical damage loss. And so we are talking to our customers obviously relative to how it is written in their policies and in instances that there needs to be some clarification, we may be obviously talking with our carrier partners on that and in some instances there have actually been claims filed. So it depends very much so on the customer and the policy.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We have two additional follow-up questions in the queue. The first one from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just had one quick additional question. Have you guys commented on how much transportation and entertainment is as a percent of your expenses because my assumption is just given travel ban restrictions there could potentially be a benefit from lower cumulative expenses in the second and potentially in the third quarter?
Andrew Watts: The answer is you were breaking up Elyse there. So if I don't answer your question exactly you may have to rephrase it but what I got out of that was the potential positive on reduction T&E expense in the organization and the answer is yes. We do believe there could be a slight benefit in Q2 and Q3 relative to travel. Obviously we are encouraging our teammates to talk with our clients. The best would be on video conference just like all the other millions of people out there trying to do that or on the telephone and then as and when states reopen and we believe that it would be safe for teammates to go out and see our customers we would, they'll be traveling there. I do think it'll be a cautious open from our standpoint and what I mean by that is I think it's going to be a lot of driving the cars as opposed to jumping on planes right away. But yes we do believe there could be a slight positive impact in Q2 and Q3.
Elyse Greenspan: Have you said how much T&E is as a percent of your expenses?
Andrew Watts: No, Elyse we haven't disclosed that in the past.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. Thank you again. That's for taking the follow-up.
Powell Brown: Sure. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. The next call is from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Okay, thank you. Powell, you mentioned we're selling a lot of new business. Can you comment on April new business trends if you think about April compared to what it might have been in January/February based on the run rate?
Powell Brown: Yes. So let me, remember this is a purely speculative anecdotal statement because we're not giving forward-looking information and I would tell you that, remember we work 60, 80, 120, 150 days out. So remember we had inventory in the pipe that was April, May, June things that were working on. So I would tell you and I think this is an important distinction, I think that when you start to see the potential impact on new business and the reduction in exposure units for our existing customer base is May. So I want you to think about that statement for just a moment. If somebody has gotten through April and we are working with them and they say we think let's say their annual revenues are $12 million a year, $1 million a month and let's say for three months that their revenues were next to zero or 10% of the regular and they adjust that down then that would flow through in May and June and into July and everything and that's why we believe Q3 will have a potential bigger downdraft because you'll have three full months of exposure changes versus potentially two months.
Mark Hughes: One final question. 
Andrew Watts: Hey, Mark, just one other piece on that one is, the other dynamic is carries are probably being more receptive to mid-term exposure unit adjustments right now than potentially what they would normally that they would say well we'll catch it on audit. So that's just another dynamic that will probably play out during this time period. It depends on the carrier and depends on how they but we would rather make the adjustments to best indicate what the exposure units are now and so within --
Mark Hughes: To that point, how good you think you're not, how good's your information and how timely is the information you've got, how much of the lag is there in this process, presumably a lot of business owners are engaged in other activities that may not have gotten around to adjusting or thinking about the insurance impacts? Do you think due to some natural lag or how timely is --
Powell Brown: As I have said, it's going to depend on the customer but I want to make sure that pretty much every business owners thought about insurance. So that's number one and number two, they have also thought about cash flow. So I call it, the going concern theory, which is if you think about it if the carrier takes the position to just keep paying in the normal payments and we'll catch you at the audit, I would encourage, I would say that's not that good because the care, the client is thinking, I don't know if I'm going to be around in some instances when the audit comes around. So I have to manage my cash flow today and next week and next month and next quarter to get there. So I believe there is a slight delay Mark, but not that much. So to the extent that our carrier partners will allow us to make those adjustments midterm we are encouraging that and working with our customers to do that to help them get through this period of time.
Mark Hughes: Very helpful. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Andrew Watts: Hey Lisa, I think we're going to probably go ahead because we're about an hour and 20 minutes. If there's anybody else has other follow-up they can give us a ring. We will go ahead and wrap up the call today. Powell you have got some closing comments?
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. As we conclude, I just want to remind everybody of a couple key themes. We had a really good quarter and although some people may put that to the side in light of the recent events I want to make sure that everybody understands that we don't and we're really proud of our teammates and how they have delivered for our customers time and time again in what I would call difficult environments. Number one. Number two, and we don't take this lightly, we have a strong balance sheet and we're proud of it. We deliver the highest cash conversion among our publicly traded peers and we have access to a billion dollars plus in liquidity. So we think about things long-term and so could it be a little bit bumpy in the next quarter or two and beyond? Yes, sure but I'll tell you one thing we got our hands on the wheel and we're navigating through this situation and trying to work to deliver for our customers business solutions so they can live to carry on their businesses again. So with that I wish each of you the best of health and we look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter. Good day and good luck.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Brown & Brown Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter thus its financial results differ from the current preliminary un-audited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, further events or otherwise. In addition, these are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the companys earnings press release or the investor presentation for this call on the companys Web site at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cecelia. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for the fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. I'd like to take a few minutes to make some broad comments about how we think about our business. In 2018, we crossed an intermediate goal of $2 billion in revenue and in 2019 we delivered almost $2.4 billion in revenue. As many of you may know, our next financial goal is $4 billion in revenue. We do not have a stated timeframe to get there, we'll get there by adding talented teammates, growing organically and acquiring businesses that fit culturally and makes sense financially. If we'd just wanted to achieve our next intermediate goal, we could've done that last week, last month, or last year. Acquiring businesses and running businesses are two distinctly different skills. Furthermore, overpaying for a large acquisition does not create value for our teammates or our investors. As we mentioned in the past, approximately 25% of our company is owned by teammates. So when I go into an office and our teammates ask me, how, what's up with the stock, I know those team mates own Brown & Brown and want our company do well. We believe that shows great alignment inside the company and that will ultimately yield positive results for all shareholders. The achievement of our overall divisional and local goals are not possible without great team mates focused on delivering solutions to our customers. We're always searching for innovative ideas to help our customers succeed. We have over 10,000 teammates. They are the most important ingredient to our success. These teammates armed with new capabilities are always seeking to improve the customer experience at Brown & Brown. How will we do that in the future? One way will be through the better use of data and digital capabilities, and by partnering with the appropriate tech firms to help us drive innovation in our company. Technology is a very high priority for Brown & Brown and myself in 2020. Private equity is very aggressive in our space. They are betting that interest rates stay flat or go down towards zero. Each owner sponsor hope they can grow the business organically and flip it at a higher exit multiple. It's frothy out there. When PE buys PE based on inflated EBITDA and expected synergies, there's not much room for error, if any. Our investment thesis is forever. Our focus on capital allocation -- we focus on capital allocation, return on invested capital and cash flow from operations, which enable us to reinvest our earnings into the business each year. While many are focused on quarterly results, we're focused on next year three years from now and five years from now. We're a customer focused solutions business that has a disciplined capital allocation approach. We consider cash flows as a key benchmark in addition to total shareholder return versus major indices in our publicly traded peers. For the past five years, we've exceeded the average total shareholder return of the other public brokers by more than 50% and the S&P 500 by more than 125%. I raised these points because all of us at Brown & Brown are proud of our results, not just in 2019 or the last five years, but since inception. We are a disciplined solutions provider that allocates capital effectively. We're pleased with our past performance and we will prompt about the future. Now moving on the Slide Number 3. For the fourth quarter, we delivered $578 million in revenue, growing 13.8% in total and we grew organically 5.2%. We're very pleased with this strong organic revenue growth, and I'll get into more detail in a few minutes about the organic revenue growth for each segment. Our EBITDAC margin was 27%, which is down 110 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Our net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.27, increasing 3.8% as compared to the same period in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, excluding the change in acquisition earnout payables, we delivered $0.28 of net income per share, growing 7.7% over Q4 of '18. During the quarter, we acquired five businesses with annual revenues of approximately $19 million. And now on to Slide 4. For the year, we grew revenues at 18.8% and delivered organic revenue growth of 3.6%. The one-time non-cash $8 million adjustment we recorded in the third quarter of last year within our National Programs segment had a negative impact of 50 basis points on our 2019 organic revenue growth for the year. We're very pleased with the continued improvement in our organic revenue growth we delivered in '19. Our EBITDAC margin was 30%, down 60 basis points compared to 2018, which was primarily driven by the addition of the Hays business. Our net income per share for the full year of 2019 increased 14.8% to $1.40 from $1.22 in 2018. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the change in acquisition earnouts, net income per share increased 13.8%. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. For the year, we closed 23 transactions with approximately $105 million of annual revenue. We had another good year of M&A activity as we added many excellent businesses and team mates that fit culturally with Brown & Brown. I'm on Slide 5. For the fourth quarter, premium rates continued to increase or as we said previously are farming. While we experienced some acceleration in premium pricing as compared to the last three quarters, we do not believe this is a broad-based hard market. As we discussed during the year, risk bearers are seeking rate increases, and these are sticking in certain areas and not sticking in others. We've seen more significant increases in large accounts. However, these will not necessarily impact our organic growth as many of the larger accounts were on a fee basis. In general, there is a continued upward trend from most lines. The amount of increase continues to be driven by the loss experienced for the account or certain classes of business. The lines with the most notable increases include, but are not limited to transportation, habitational, coastal property, both wind and quake and excess liability or otherwise known as umbrellas. As we've mentioned before, accounts of losses are generally seeing rate increases well above those accounts with minimal or no loss experience. Commercial auto remains well -- the one line and coverage is consistently realized 5% to 10% rate increase, and we are seeing these increases across almost all carriers. Workers' compensation rates in most states remain down 2% to 5% and then other lines, typically are increasing 2% to 5%. As it relates to the E&S placement for cat-prone properties including wind in quake, we realized increases in the range of 5% to 20%, but there can be outliers. Most professional liability lines for private companies were flat to down 10%. Public company D&O and E&O typically are up 5% to 10% or more. As it relates to casualty pricing and the adverse loss development that's being realized across the industry, it's prompting carriers to review the adequacy of their pricing. If the loss development trend continues upward, we believe there will be more pressure to increased casualty pricing over the coming quarters. The E&S space remains the area we continue to see a number of carriers being more selective in certain lines or geographies. And therefore, we're seeing a more pronounced impact on E&S rates versus the admitted markets. In general, while risk barriers have been able to get rate increases, there has been upward movement from where we were a year ago for most lines. There's still a lot of capital in the market and competition for accounts with low loss experience remains. In the current environment, we do not think these conditions will abate for at least the first half of 2020. We're pleased, actually very pleased with the progress we've made on many company-wide initiatives throughout 2019 and feel we are in a great position to continue growing the business in 2020. I'm now on Slide Number 6, let's talk about the performance in our four segments. Our Retail Segment delivered organic revenue growth of 7% in Q4. We like to congratulate all of our teammates within the Retail Division for delivering the strongest organic revenue growth we've seen in many years. Our growth for the fourth quarter was driven by good new business, improved retention and some rate improvement. On a full-year basis, the 4.7% organic revenue growth represents continued incremental improvement over the 3% organic revenue growth we realized for the full-year in 2018. Finally, we're pleased with the performance of Hays for their full first full-year. Our National Programs segment grew 10.7% organically in the fourth quarter, delivering another really strong quarter. The organic revenue growth this quarter was also one of the highest we've delivered in many years when you exclude the impact of flood claims. Our growth was driven by continued strong performance from our earthquake programs, our lender placed program and many of our other programs performed very well. For the full-year, our National Programs segment grew 3% organically. The one-time $8 million non-cash adjustment recorded into the third quarter of last year within our lender placed business negatively impacted the full-year organic revenue growth by approximately 180 basis points. Overall, it was a great quarter and a full year. Thank you to Chris Walker and all of the team at National Programs. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another solid quarter with organic revenue growth of 7.9%, driven by strong performance in our brokerage business and increasing rate, rounding out another great year with organic revenue growth of 7.4% in 2019, a big thanks to Tony Strianese and all of the team in wholesale for delivering another great year. The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 19.4% for the quarter. We mentioned last quarter we expected revenues and margins to decline by 5% to 10% for the services segment in Q4, being driven by Social Security, advocacy business and a terminated customer contract with one of our claims processing businesses. Additionally, organic revenue growth for the Services segment was further impacted for the quarter by lower weather-related and general property claims. As we've seen in the past, our services segment can have more volatility in its revenues based on claims activity in a number of our businesses. While we experienced good growth over the last few years, 2019 was one of those years we did not have a lot of claims activity contributing to the Services segment decline of 6.3% organically. Now let me turn over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, we're going to discuss our GAAP results, certain non-GAAP financial highlights and then our adjusted results, excluding the impacts of change in acquisition earnouts. I'm over on slide 7. For the fourth quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $70 million or 13.8% and organic revenue growth of 5.2%. Our income before income tax and EBITDAC increased by 1.3% and 9.2% respectively. The lower growth in pre-tax income was driven by increased interest amortization expense associated with our acquisition activity, as well as an increase in the change in acquisition earn-out payables of $5 million as multiple businesses experienced stronger than anticipated performance. Later we'll walk through the detailed movement of our EBITDAC margin and the impact of Hays. Our net income increased $3 million or 4.1% and our diluted net income per share increased by $0.01 or 3.8% to $0.27. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 25% compared to 27% in the fourth quarter of 2018. The lower effective tax rate was driven by our state tax footprint and corresponding apportionment along with the tax rate change in Florida. Our weighted average number of shares were generally flat compared to the prior year as we purchased shares in order to mitigate the impact of our stock incentive plan. And lastly, our dividends per share increased to $0.085 or 6.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. Moving over to Slide Number 8. This slide presents our results after removing the change in acquisition earnout payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. Our income before income taxes on an adjusted basis grew 6.2% or slower than EBITDAC due to the incremental interest and amortization expense associated with the acquisitions we completed since 2018. Moving over to Slide Number 9, this slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased 13.6%. Our contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions or GSCs increased by $2.5 million as compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, which was partially driven by our acquisition activity. When we isolate the net impact of M&A activity, our organic revenues increased by 5.2% for the fourth quarter. Over to Slide Number 10. To provide some additional visibility into the major drivers, our EBITDAC margin, we've included a walk through from 2018 to 2019. During the quarter, we had a couple of disposals that resulted in a gain that benefited our EBITDAC margin by 90 basis points. In line with our expectations, Hays negatively impacted our margins by approximately 150 basis points for the quarter due to the phasing of revenues and profit in accordance with the new revenue standard. I'll talk more about the financial performance of Hays in a few minutes. Other reflects the margin change we experienced across the remainder of our business. The main drivers were higher non-cash stock compensation cost and the dilutive impact of an acquisition we completed in 2019 that recognizes substantially all of its revenue in the first quarter of each year. Excluding these items, we experienced margin improvement for the quarter. On a full year basis, excluding the impact of Hays, we expanded margins driven by higher organic growth, increased contingents and GSCs, managing our expenses and realizing benefits from our previous investments, which more than offset the impact of increased non-cash stock compensation expense. Moving over to Slide Number 11. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of over 22%, driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic revenue growth of 7%, driven by growth across most lines of business. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter decreased by 140 basis points due to the phasing of profit from Hays, the margin impact associated with an acquisition we completed in the third quarter of last year, 2019 and higher non-cash stock-based compensation cost. All of these items more than offset gains we realized from current quarter disposals. When we isolate all these items, we experienced margin improvement for the quarter. Our income before income tax margin declined by 530 basis points due to higher intercompany interest expense, amortization and incremental acquisition earnout expense and the drivers of the EBITDAC changes noted previously. Moving over to Slide Number 12. Our National Programs segment increased total revenues by $14.2 million or 11.8% and organic revenue by 10.7% due to strong performance from a number of our programs, including commercial, residential earthquake, lender placed and our sports and entertainment programs, as well as increased contingent commissions. Income before income taxes increased by $11.9 million or 46.5%, primarily due to leveraging revenues and lower intercompany interest expense. EBITDAC increased by $9.9 million or 24.9% due to higher revenues and continued expense management. Moving over to Slide Number 13. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 5.9% and organic revenue growth of 7.9%. Our contingent commissions for the quarter were down due to an adjustment in the prior year that did not recur in 2019. The EBITDAC margin decreased 80 basis points as a result of lower contingent commissions and GSCs, which more than offset margin expansion, driven by higher organic revenue and expense management. Our income before income tax margin decreased 20 basis points due to the same factors driving the EBITDAC margin, which was partially offset by the benefit of lower intercompany interest and amortization expense. Over to Slide Number 14. Total revenues for our Services segment declined due to a decrease in organic revenue, which was partially offset by acquisition activity. The lower organic revenue growth was driven by our social security advocacy businesses and lower weather-related and property claims and a terminated customer contracts that we mentioned last quarter. From a margin perspective, the EBITDAC decrease was driven by lower revenues. We anticipate this segment's revenues will continue to decrease approximately 5% for the first half of 2020, continuing to be impacted by our social security advocacy businesses and the customer contract that was terminated in the third quarter of 2019. Over on to Slide Number 15, this slide presents our GAAP results for the full year of 2019 and 2018. For 2019, we delivered $2.4 billion of revenue, growing 18.8% and earnings per share of $1.40. EBITDAC increased 16.5% and the EBITDAC margin declined by 60 basis points. Excluding the impact of Hays, we experienced full year margin improvement, which we are very pleased with. Our full year effective tax rate was 24.2%, decreasing basis points versus 2018. For the year, our share count remained relatively flat, decreasing by 30 basis points from the prior year. Moving over to Slide Number 16. This slide presents our results excluding the change in estimated acquisition earnout payables for both years. Our adjusted income before income taxes grew by 12.7%, which is slower than growth in EBITDAC due to higher interest and amortization related to the acquisitions we completed since 2018. Our adjusted net income grew by 14.7% and adjusted earnings per share increased 13.8% to $1.40 as compared to 2018. Finally a comment regarding the efficiency with which we convert revenues to cash. On a full-year basis, we converted 28.4% of our revenues to cash flow from operations, which is 20 basis points higher than last year. On a full-year basis, our cash flow from operating activities has grown 19.5% as compared to total revenue growth of 18.8%. Moving over to Slide Number 17. We'd like to provide some additional information regarding the quarterly and annual performance for Hays for the fourth quarter, Hays delivered revenues of $52 million, which is just about $4 million above the top-end of the expected range for the quarter. EBITDAC for the quarter came in at about $8 million, which was at the low-end of the range. From a full-year perspective, revenues were $221 million, which was just above the top-end of our initial guidance of $210 million to $220 million. EBITDAC for the full-year was $50 million, which was in the middle of our estimated range. Diluted net income per share, excluding the incremental change in estimated acquisition earnout payable, was $0.02 for the full-year and was in-line with our expectations. Before we move to closing comments, we've got some additional guidance regarding certain line items for 2020. We want to provide some guidance regarding the third quarter acquisition that was previously discussed that will recognize substantially all of its estimated $20 million to $22 million in revenue in Q1 to correspond with the effective dates of the policies at place. As a result of the new revenue standard, this acquisition will impact our quarterly profits in 2020. The positive impact to our EBITDAC margin in Q1 is expected to be in the range of 100 basis points to 150 basis points. And then we expect about a 30 basis points to 40 basis points of compression in the second quarter and then about 15 basis points to 20 basis points of compression in the third quarter versus the same period in the prior year. We anticipate GSCs will decrease $8 million to $10 million in 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily as a result of the one-time GSC of approximately $9 million. We realized in the National Programs Segment in the second quarter of 2019. As we discussed before, our stock compensation cost has been increasing as a result of better performance. We expect our stock compensation cost to increase during 2020 by approximately $6 million to $8 million over 2019. And based upon our current rate outlook, interest expense is projected to be relatively flat year-on-year. And then our amortization expense should be in the range of $100 million to $105 million for 2020. Keep in mind that both the estimated interest expense and amortization are excluding any additional acquisitions or borrowings that may occur in 2020. So you need to make your own assumptions regarding these items. We expect our effective tax rate for 2020 to be similar to 2019. While the projected annual rate will be similar, we do anticipate our effective rate in the third quarter to be in the range of 14% to 17%, and then all other quarters to increase versus the prior year of 2019. The anticipated variance in the third quarter is driven by the tax benefit associated with the vesting of stock incentive awards. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. In closing, I want to make some comments regarding a number of topics and how we are thinking about our business and opportunities in 2020 and beyond. As it relates to the economy, we expect the growth rate and corresponding impact on exposure units to be relatively similar in 2020 from 2019. This is barring any major negative changes in trade relations or another matter that could impact the overall economy. From a rate perspective, we anticipate premium rates will continue to increase slightly during at least the first half of 2020. However, I'd like to repeat, we do not believe we have hard market conditions, but rather a firming of rates for many lines. This is driving certain risk barriers to either constrain capital or pull out of certain lines or geographies entirely. On the M&A front, we expect competition will remain aggressive until interest rates increase materially. We expect PE will more than likely continue to leverage deals higher than strategic players. We're going to remain disciplined with our approach as it has proven very successful over the years and we will buy businesses that make sense financially and fit culturally. There are plenty of opportunities that fit the profile. We've been talking about the increasing importance of technology and the use of data. We firmly believe these will have a material impact on the delivery of insurance over the coming years. Let me be clear, I'm not saying that technology will displace the importance of a customer talking with their broker regarding the transfer of risk. We're talking about how we'll interact with customers during the buying and renewal experience, removing the friction of simple transactions, as well as how we use data to help create new products with our carrier partners. We will also be focusing on how we can be more efficient and therefore direct more time toward winning and retaining additional customers. Since we are not a technology company, nor do we have all the answers, we will more than likely partner with insure-tech companies so we can leverage their innovation in concert with our industry expertise and data. Allocating capital in the most optimal way remains top of mind for all of our leaders. We're fortunate to generate over $600 million of cash and anticipate this will grow more in the future. As we've stated before, our goal is to deploy all of our available capital and more, if the right opportunities are available, so we can continue to deliver industry-leading financial metrics, cash flow conversion and ultimately, shareholder value. Increasing and investing in our teammates remains a key priority for our Company as it is through our talented team that we're able to serve our customers. We believe we have the right operating framework and culture to stimulate additional profitable growth in 2020 and beyond. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Cecelia to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our first question from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Greg Peters: I wanted to circle back. I have a couple of questions. But Powell, you were talking about technology and I'm just wondering, in the context of you're not being a technology company, do you anticipate that in 2020 that you're going to be spending more on technology-related initiatives across the franchise relative to 2019 or how should we think about that in terms of an expense headwind?
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is, as you saw, we named Steve Boyd, the Head of Technology, Innovation, Data and Digital Strategy last year and we continue to evaluate not only things like security, but we talk about the way we are actually doing business internally. So we're not at a point yet to say exactly what that is, but the answer to the question is, we do believe that there is going to be more investments and we are going to do it in a thoughtful way. I don't want anybody in this call taking something out of context like we're going to just go throw $25 million in a bucket. That's not what we're thinking. But we are thinking about technology in several ways. There are the ways to keep the lights on and running like electricity and then there is protecting from the bad guys, as I call it, and then there is two parts of innovation. There is using something that would actually be emerging, which would be kind of a fast follower concept and then there is also a component which might be on that leading edge concept, which is the smallest bucket. So I feel really good about our team and some of the new people that we have had join us or are joining us in the technology area to help us think about doing business more efficiently where our teammates can focus more time on serving our customers. So I'm excited about it.
Andrew Watts: Greg, Andy here, maybe one other thing just to think about that. Similar to what we did back in the first quarter of 2016, if we had a large technology investment, a multi-year, we would come talk with all of our investors about that. But we don't see anything like that on the horizon right now.
Greg Peters: Thank you for saying that, because I would -- as we are sitting here thinking about just your EBITDAC margin for 2020 and I know you provided some guidance around what the acquisition is going to do, it's down 60 basis points for the full year in 2019 versus 2018 and Hays is in that, do you think that we've sort of stabilized? Do you think it's going to be better in 2020? Directionally, can you give us some ideas of where you guys are thinking about that?
Powell Brown: Greg, so let's come back to '19 just for a second. When we look at the margins for the organization, you're right, they are down. If you just pull out Hays by itself, our underlying margins are up. When we came into 2019, we said our goal was to increase our margins a little bit for the business. That's exactly what we delivered. So we feel really, really good about where we are today. So really important to make sure we pull Hays up. And there's all kinds of other moving parts underneath there. They're almost all net out back and forth. We increased underlying margin, so, again, really pleased with 2019. As it relates to 2020, we don't see any major headwinds coming at us that we know about right now. Not that things could never change, but as of today, no, we don't see anything and feel really good about the trajectory of the business.
Greg Peters: Let's pivot back to the revenue side. And, Powell, I know you commented about exposures and the outlook for exposures. Retail was really strong as you pointed out. Can you give us an idea of how much, not only for the fourth quarter, for the year was exposure versus rates and should we be thinking about some pretty difficult comps as we move through 2020 on organic because of the success you had in 2019?
Powell Brown: So we don't break out the exact amount of the organic revenue growth for rates and exposures. But as I've told you, kind of it's a balancing act from a standpoint of -- from an exposure standpoint, we would say, anecdotally, that our customers are doing better generally across the board, which is no surprise to you, number one. And you heard my comments earlier about the rates in the market. I believe and continue to believe that we're very consistent with what we've said. The retail business, not unlike the overall business, is a low to mid single digit organic growth business in a steady state economy that could be positively impacted slightly by other impacts, i.e., rates increasing in the area where we are today. But we're not giving guidance on organic growth, as you know. I will say this, though, I could not be happier with the progress that we have made in our retail business and for that matter, the entire business over the last three to four years.
Greg Peters: And the final point just on free cash flow conversion rate. Is there any sort of headwinds that we should be concerned about as we think about the conversion rate for 2020? And that's my last question.
Powell Brown: Just to clarify, Greg, we look at cash flow from operations as one of those key metrics, as no major items that we know about -- the one thing that can occur back and forth is the movement in the fiduciary cash because that ultimately rolls to cash flow from operations, so depending upon that movement that's the only item that can cause noise up and down on some years, but otherwise no, nothing.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, we've been hearing a lot in terms of the pricing environment within Florida getting better as we move through 2020. Given your exposure there, Powell, I was hoping if you can kind of talk about what you foresee happening in Florida during the year, and then also how that could potentially impact your organic revenue growth and provide a tailwind potentially even beyond the first half of the year?
Powell Brown: So let's talk about Florida in a couple ways. As you know, Florida has got the most coastal exposed building construction in the United States, meaning cat exposed within one county other than New York State. So Texas would be number two. So the last time I saw this number, it was $1.300 billion or something. It's a huge number, it's kind of staggering. So first of all, we talked about the impact of E&S market and how that would impact potentially residential and commercial accounts that we're seeing and we said earlier that, generally speaking, we're seeing rates that are in that 5% to 20% range. So that's a component. Number two, I would tell you that, in the State of Florida, there are lots of take-out companies and those take-out companies are depopulating the citizens as many of you know. And there are, as we understand, a number of those companies that are being under watch by Demotech and others today. We don't know exactly what that will mean for that space yet, but some of the losses that have occurred in the past couple of years are developing in a manner or may have hit their reinsurance layers in a way that were not otherwise anticipated. Having said that, when we became a public Company in 1993 the vast majority of our business was in Florida. Today at $2.4 billion -- just roughly $2.4 billion of revenue, our Florida exposure is much less. So I say that because remember, in a business that in retail, which is roughly -- these are all rough numbers, $1.4 billion, maybe $180 million of it is in retail. And so we don't break out the amount of property we have and we also have some nice-sized wholesale in Florida as well, but they are writing business all over the country in cat-prone areas. So, Elyse, I would caution you by saying that we're going to get some huge lift from these so-called Florida effects. We are all really happy to live in Florida for a whole bunch of reasons and run our business from here. But I would just tell you that I think that I would want you to look at the Florida effect as similar to around the country with a slight upside to it. But nothing something where you need to go tweak something substantially, I would caution you about that.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of the Retail Segment, I know you guys don't like to give guidance, but if I recall correctly, I thought earlier in the year you had pointed to the second quarter of 2019 as being your strongest quarter for that segment just given rev rec and some of the shift between the Q1 and the Q2. Now the fourth quarter ended up pretty strong -- the strongest you've had in some time as you pointed out. So I'm just curious, was it like new business, renewal, something one-off that drove the 7% in the quarter and that might have lifted that number relative to your prior expectations?
Andrew Watts: So I think just to clarify your earlier comment, I think it was the first quarter as opposed to the second quarter that we talked about. And number two, I think that there is -- I have Andy sitting right next to me and you guys will chuckle, but I always think that 606 clouds the issue versus makes it clear. But I'm not a CPA and I'm not a PCAOB. So having said that, I would tell you that we had just a damn good quarter and that means we wrote a lot of new business and we have clients that -- or some of them, sometimes our clients get purchased but we had clients that were buying businesses. We had exposure increases. We had things. It was just a really good quarter. And I also would say, I mean, to manage your expectation, Elyse, is this. One quarter doesn't make a trend and we've said that. I look at it -- if you look back at the organic growth of retail in the last four years and I might be off on the four years ago, but I think it goes something like this 1.8%, 2.7%, 3%, [4.7%]. We're pretty happy about that. And we think that that is a big reason that the stock price has reacted accordingly in addition to our acquisitions and are executing our plan on other divisions and this and that and all this other stuff. But again, we're really pleased with it.
Elyse Greenspan: And then just lastly on the margin side, so if I calculate it correctly and I'm sorry if you gave the number. It seems like you improved your margins by about 20 basis points in '19 ex-Hays. So can you just comment, in 2020, is that the right level of improvement to think about for all of Brown & Brown? And then, Andy, those quarterly impacts for 2020 from that one acquisition, that's on the overall Company, right, and then we would see really all of a much larger impact in Retail?
Andrew Watts: Yes. So let's take the last part of the question first and then we'll come back around is, yes, that is correct. It is the movement on the total Company. So maybe a way to think about that is, once you've modeled in what you think the business will do ex that, then lay those potential adjustments in there. And then flow that over into retail on a proportionate basis. And then, yeah, on underlying companies, we talked about earlier, we were up ex-Hays about 20 basis points to 30 basis points.
Elyse Greenspan: And does that seem about the right level of margin improvement when you think about 2020?
Andrew Watts: Yes, we don't give outward guidance as you know, but we don't see any major headwinds coming at us right now for '20 at this stage. So we don't have any reasons why they would go backwards.
Powell Brown: Let me interject one thing there, Elyse. Here is the thing and that this doesn't help you with your model. But what I would tell you is this. We are working really hard and we're having a lot of fun. And we are going to be investing in businesses that we think fit culturally and make sense financially. And that includes hiring good people that would build businesses and all kinds of things. So I wanted to just make sure that -- I know you're trying to come up with an absolute number, and this is what it's going to be and it's going to pop-out the other end in your model and we acknowledge that. I just want you to understand that we are growing the top line and the bottom line. And if you look at the performance in the last year or last three years or last five years, our goal is to continue to do that. So I just say that because that doesn't mean you can just plug one number into the model and it's going to pop-out the other end. I just want you to understand that we're going to try to invest the money the best way we think possible to yield the best long-term results. That may not be one the quarter or one year for that matter. And sometimes 606, as Andy referenced earlier, impacts the way when we buy something, all of a sudden impacts the overall company in terms of an acquisition. And that's fine, we're going to just work through it. But we're just trying to make good acquisitions and hire more good people to get to $4 billion.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Was the Hays acquisition incorporated in organic this quarter since it closed in this quarter last year?
Andrew Watts: It was included, it's only for the 45 days, so didn't have an overall major impact just from a weighting standpoint in the quarter.
Mark Hughes: And as we think about that making a bigger impact in Q1, can you say kind of what the growth trajectory Hays has been on?
Powell Brown: The answer is, we don't talk about the growth trajectory of individual businesses. We're very pleased with the performance of Hays and the future -- what we think is the future performance of Hays, but we're not going to comment on that. That's all wrapped up in my comment around the low to mid single-digit organic growth over in steady state economy.
Mark Hughes: And the margin effect from Hays, the lower contribution in the fourth quarter, was that just a change in earn-out that caused that or is there some other factor?
Andrew Watts: No, nothing unusual there, Mark. When we closed out the third quarter, we had anticipated -- we said there was -- more than likely the fourth quarter would have some noise inside of it. We anticipated that it would be a $0.01 loss in the fourth quarter. It came out to be $0.02 or excuse me -- yeah, $0.02. $0.01 of that is the incremental acquisition earn-out. So we kind of landed right on where we were. We weren't too focused on the individual margins by quarter for the business. We were really focused on the total just because as we went into it, we took our best shot at the quarterlies and when we look at the full-year, we turned out on the top-end of our revenues and kind of right in our margins. So we feel really, really good about how Hays performed this year.
Mark Hughes: And then the stock comp, you said I think up $6 million to $8 million, if I'm looking at it properly just off of the cash flow, looks like that's about half the pace of increase of 2019. Is that correct?
Powell Brown: Yes.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: So my first question is more of a market question. You talked about different lines of business, somewhere you're seeing a lot more firming than others. Are there areas that you're seeing disruption at this point or difficultly placing a program?
Powell Brown: When you say difficulty, meaning you're unable to get coverage, is that what you're referring to?
Yaron Kinar: Yes, or maybe you have to shrink the overall size of the program?
Powell Brown: So I think there is really two instances that come right to mind and I'll give you an example. There have been, historically, some writers of large property, particularly engineered property risks who are pulling back their limits. So by doing that, then you start to have to -- so they might put up a $1 billion or $2 billion or something. And all of a sudden if they pull back, then they are layering that property. And so the cost is going up. I'm not saying that categorically in all instances we can't place it, but sometimes they may not buy at higher limits because of cost pressures or things like that. That would be an example, that'd be one. So I think property, particularly large limit engineered risk. The second that comes to mind would be umbrella business, particularly on things like transportation or very, very heavy products exposure. So if you had a transportation account you're on and it -- let's just say for sake of this discussion that you had one market write $25 million primary umbrella and then you had another market write another $25 million, so they had a $50 million umbrella, I would tell you that, to best of my knowledge, there are very few people on a transportation account that will put up more than $10 million today. So all of a sudden, the price of the $10 million might be as much as the price of the $25 million or more last year. That's the first thing. And then they may get to a point where the pricing is such that nobody wants to offer the price at the higher levels just because they don't think they're getting enough rate for -- or what they will give or quote wouldn't be bought because people don't think that it's worth that much. So there are a few instances that I'm aware of where you have difficulty in placing accounts, but for the most part of what I'm aware of is, we have been pretty successful for our clients, but we watch that very closely.
Yaron Kinar: And then my second question, National Programs' organic growth, it seems like the last two quarters have turned a corner, and it's been on a very positive trajectory. Are the headwinds that you faced earlier this year and late last year, are those kind of done at this point?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, I think that you're correct in saying, number one, National Programs and the team have the business in a really good place. So that's the first thing. The second thing is, remember, National Programs can be impacted by the underwriting appetite of a carrier. So we don't know of any significant changes with our carriers right now which would necessitate a movement of a program or something like that. So that's a positive, but any time you have a leadership change in a significant carrier partner and programs, there could be a change in appetite or how they view it. We think about, particularly in some of those underwriting programs where we have capacity, that we are putting on line, there could be wind, there could be quake, there could be other related things, a lot of it is how do we get more capacity to fill those needs in the future. So the limit may not be the -- we may have a certain amount of capacity and when we sell that capacity, if we don't get more capacity, then the growth is constrained. Now, we're not going to say specifically if there is a program like that, but we do have some capacity plays where that is possible. So we are always out looking for capacity to grow our programs, particularly in times of disruption.
Powell Brown: And then a quick modeling question. I think you had said that services revenues would face a 5% decrease in the first half of '20, is that on an absolute basis or relative to 2019?
Andrew Watts: So Yaron, on that one, so right now we're giving guidance of 5% down for the first quarter and you can do that versus 2019 for the same periods. And then also just when you're thinking about organic, one of the items, I just want to make sure we clarified for everybody is, we do not include contingent commissions or GSCs in our calculations of organic. I know some of the other peers put it in, take it out, back and forth. We do not include those in our organic, OK.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Andy, I hate to make you repeat something, but earlier when you were going through Slide 10, I didn't quite follow the margin expansion story. Can you walk us through one more time why underlying margins expanded during the quarter?
Andrew Watts: As I said, if you come back -- if you look at for the quarter, right, so we were -- we started at 28.1%, and we finished this year at 27%, so down a 110 basis points. We have picked up 90 basis points on change or the gains and losses on our disposals.
Josh Shanker: Which is not going to recur of course?
Andrew Watts: Correct. Hays was a drag of 150 basis points, and then we were down 50 basis points and that's where -- what we are highlighting is, for the quarter is our non-cash stock compensation cost and then the dilutive impact of the acquisition that we did in the third quarter, those offset the underlying margin expansion that we had for the quarter.
Josh Shanker: So I mean, going through individual numbers, so I'm looking at -- like ex-Hays, I'm seeing 140 basis points of normalized margin compression and that's covered by the -- am I wrong to think of it that way?
Andrew Watts: Yes. So walk us through how you get there, because I don't think we follow that.
Josh Shanker: So if you didn't have the gain on the disposal, I think you'd be at 26.1% not at 27%. And Hays is recurring of course, and so let's put that in. So that's how -- I feel that ex-Hays, I think you'd be at like a 26.1% plus 1.5%, so 27.6% I guess. Or ex-Hays you'd be at 27.6% ex Hays I guess, is what I'm -- am I wrong to think that underlying compressed during the quarter, I guess? I don't -- I'm trying to follow it.
Andrew Watts: So if you're -- no, I don't think we look at it that way is, just if you take and you isolate out the gains on the disposals and Hays, right, that is 60 basis points. Those are net, correct?
Josh Shanker: Yes.
Andrew Watts: Okay, got it? And therefore, that leaves us with 50 basis points on the other.
Josh Shanker: But Hays is recurring whereas the gain on disposal is not, so that 150 basis points, I'm going to roll over into 4Q20 to recur again, I guess?
Andrew Watts: Why would you do that? We've already made the lap on it. No, hold on a second. We already made the lap on it, though, Josh. I think that's maybe where you got to keep that in mind, this is the last quarter that we are getting the full effect of it as we go into next year when they're more comparative.
Josh Shanker: Well, I don't think Hays is going to give you an additional 150 basis points of margin compression, but the fourth quarter Hays effect is going to be with you in 4Q20?
Andrew Watts: But if this -- let's presume that the business doesn't do anything different, it's net. There is no increase or decrease in the margin then in fourth quarter of 2020 versus fourth quarter of 2019.
Josh Shanker: Then you'd be at 26.1%, no? Is that wrong?
Andrew Watts: 26.1% for the fourth quarter, yes.
Josh Shanker: Of 2020. If everything is the same, except you don't have the gain on the disposal, you would have EBITDAC margin for 4Q20 would be at 26.1%?
Andrew Watts: And then you've got some impact of also the third quarter acquisition that's got some drag on it. Again, you're only going to have that this year.
Josh Shanker: Let me take it offline. I guess I just want to -- I wanted to walk through how the margins bounce back I guess for next year, but I'll take it offline. And I guess I'm not smart enough, but we'll figure this out. Thanks, Andy.
Andrew Watts: Just to back up for a second, Josh, as you walk off here on the call. Are you saying that you're anticipating that margins will be going down next year for the business?
Josh Shanker: I don't know, yet. I haven't done my numbers, but I'm going to start at -- I think I'm going to start at 26.1% and figure out the third quarter impact on it, and whatnot. But it feels like the base place to start forecasting 4Q20 is slightly lower than where 4Q19 came in.
Andrew Watts: Again, here is what we would suggest is, ultimately your call on what you want to do, but don't get -- start at the full year first, OK, and get what you -- the guidance that we've given on a full year regarding how we think about the business, that will then help you by the quarters.
Josh Shanker: Well, that clearly matters. First of all, not just one year, but many years anyways is what matters. So, but let's continue this discussion offline. But I appreciate all the help.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: I guess, Powell, in your prepared remarks, you said something along the lines of the large account space is seeing more rates. However, that business is fee based. So I believe you were alluding to not getting as much revenue benefit versus if it was commission. So I'm kind of curious, is higher pricing in the large account space or very firm pricing, is that a tailwind or is each account really a case by case negotiation and it could be a headwind in certain cases? Just trying to better understand the dynamics there.
Powell Brown: So just think about, in large accounts, obviously the numbers are much larger. So if you have an increase in those instances, many of those accounts have risk managers, which their job is to try to get the most comprehensive coverage from the most competitive price. So that puts additional pressure on that goal, if you want to call it that, if their pricing goes up. So I would say it's very much case-by-case and how that buyer of insurance thinks about the hard market or hardening the market, I should say, firming as I said, not hard market. They think of it as a hard market, but we don't. And so I would just tell you, I think it's more on a case-by-case basis.
Michael Zaremski: And maybe for Andy, I guess you guys don't see any major headwinds for margins, does that imply the contingent commission outlook is stable?
Andrew Watts: No remember, we said that we would anticipate that the GSCs will be down $8 million to $10 million in 2020 and that was because of the one-time GSC of $9 million that we got in the second quarter of 2019. Otherwise, we don't know of any major items out there right now.
Michael Zaremski: Are the contingents more casualty-weighted or property or is there any color there?
Andrew Watts: No, I guess, we've never broken them out or looked at in that way, but they are balanced to cost both casualty as well as property.
Michael Zaremski: And lastly, there was the new commentary in the deck about expect competition and pricing pressure for acquisition targets. And, Powell, you gave a good color on that. So are you -- so does that imply that stock buyback could potentially -- there could be more of it on the table if that proves to be correct?
Powell Brown: Well, as we've said, Mike, in the past, what we've tried to do is, evaluate the potential benefit of all the investment opportunities that exists for us. A buyback we talk about with the Board periodically and we evaluate what that looks like versus investing the money in acquisitions and otherwise. So we don't have a stated buyback policy. I know that drives many of you crazy, but we will continue to evaluate that in the future. But I don't want you to read into that that says, well, if that's the case, then they are definitely going to be buying back stock. Do not make that assumption. We will do it when we evaluate the intrinsic value of the Company versus the actual value of the stock at the stated time.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: I wanted to follow up on Mike's question, if I can. So you talked about there being I guess less of an automatic revenue boost in large accounts because it's a fee-based structure. Given that that's where we're seeing probably the most distortion in the marketplace now, is -- what happens to the extra expenses associated with placing business as it becomes more expensive or more -- maybe requires more effort? Do you get paid more for that?
Powell Brown: No, that sounds good, but no. Sometimes you get paid less. I mean, sometimes you get paid less if they're renegotiating the fee because of competition or something else. But it makes life for our placement teams very exciting, maybe is the right way to say it.
Meyer Shields: It sounds like excitement we could do without. Second question, I was hoping that now that you've started acquisitions in Canada, can you sort of update us on how we should think about non-US M&A?
Powell Brown: I mean, we have and will continue to look at opportunities that may exist in countries that we believe might present an opportunity for Brown & Brown. I would make a broad statement by saying, if you look at where we have businesses today, we now have a business in Canada and we have businesses -- or a business in London. We have one in Bermuda. And so what would be consistent with all of those countries? Well, they are Commonwealth Countries, number one, and in those Commonwealth Countries, they all have a rule of law. So I'm not saying categorically that is the only place we would ever do an acquisition. I don't like this comment of always never or can't. I really don't like those terms, but to this point, that's where we thought about it and if it made sense, we would consider that going forward. It's interesting, Meyer, that you would ask that because the competitive landscape for acquisitions in some of those countries is even sometimes more fierce than it is in the United States, if that's possible. Kind of interesting.
Operator: We will now take a follow-up question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Just very quickly, you mentioned in the Retail Segment that one of the drivers was higher increases in employee benefits. Could you talk about what's driving that?
Powell Brown: I don't remember making a comment about higher increase in employee benefits although employee benefits -- healthcare costs are going up, but I don't remember making that in the...
Mark Hughes: So I'm just reading off the Retail Segment that is one of the drivers you cited commercial auto and employee benefits.
Powell Brown: Yes, that's just on pricing for our customers, not us or cost on that, Mark. Just in general I think everyone sees in the marketplace.
Mark Hughes: Yes, and I think that -- sounds like that's a support for organic, so I was just sort of curious if there's anything new or different going on in benefits that was helping to drive growth.
Powell Brown: It continues kind of at the pace that it has. So nothing new or different there.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Powell Brown: And then, Cecilia, we'll take one last question if there are any. Otherwise, we'll go ahead and cut off for today, please.
Operator: Perfect, sir. We have a follow-up question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Just another quick modeling question. The margin impact from the third quarter acquisition, I think you said 100 basis point to 150 basis point positive in the first quarter, then a drag in the second and third quarters. The numbers you provided, are those on a consolidated basis or for Retail-only?
Powell Brown: Yes, total Company, Yaron.
Powell Brown: I want to make one comment as we wrap up, Cecilia, for everybody. Thank you first off for your time today and I know that if you have any questions, then Andy will be more than happy to talk to you about those in detail or other people on our team. I want to make sure everybody understands that the Hays acquisition in our mind is an excellent acquisition and that is, first and foremost, because they got great people. So when I look back on acquisitions like Arrowhead and other larger acquisitions where we've got a lot of really good people, those have been very significant in the history of our Company. I think that the Hays team has a number of people like that. So I'd say that, because Mike Egan and Jim Hays have built a great business and there is a lot of other great people on that team. So I want to make sure that the last comment today is this. We are very pleased with where we are in our entire business. We are very pleased with the Hays acquisition and we expect great things from that part of our business in the years to come. And like I said, generally speaking, we don't see that many headwinds going into 2020 and we're all really pumped up about what that means for us and the Company now and in the future on our way to $4 billion. So we thank you for your time and we look forward to talking to everybody again next quarter. Thank you. Have a nice day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary un-audited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the companys earnings press release or the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Augusta. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2019 earnings call. I am on Slide 3. For the quarter, we delivered $618.7 million of revenue, growing 16.5% in total and our organic revenues increased by 3.4% for the third quarter. Isolating the $8 million onetime adjustment we recorded in the third quarter of last year associated with our implementation of the new revenue recognition standards, our organic growth would be 5% for this quarter. I will get into more detail in a few minutes about the organic growth for each segment. Our EBITDAC margin was 31.5%, which is down 200 basis points versus 2018. Our net income per share for the third quarter grew 7.9% to $0.41 as compared to the third quarter of 18. During the quarter, we acquired six businesses of annualized revenues of approximately $36 million. That takes us to a total of 18 deals with $86 million of estimated annual revenue through the first 9 months and we are pleased with our M&A activity for the year. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. Slide #4. For the third quarter, we continued to see businesses invest additional capital, hire more employees and grow their companies, ultimately expanding exposure units. Overall, we would say that our customers continue to remain optimistic about the economy and the outlook but are mindful of any international economic changes and how they could impact our economy. Premium rates for the quarter continued to increase slightly or we would say firming a bit more. We do not believe its hard market and rates have not increased significantly as compared to last quarter. In general, there is a continued upward trend and for certain lines. The amount of increase is driven by the loss experienced in the account or certain classes of business. These include, but are not limited to, transportation, habitational, excess liability and New York City contractors, just to name a few. As we have mentioned before, accounts of losses will generally see rate increases well above those accounts with minimal or no loss experienced. One line of coverage that continues to see 5% to 10% plus rate increases is commercial auto and were seeing these increases across almost all carriers. As it relates to the E&S placements for CAT-prone properties, including wind and quake, we realized increases in the range of 5% to 15%, but there can be outliers, most Professional Liability lines for private companies are flat to down, public company D&O and E&O is up 5% to 15%. Work comp rates, as you know, in most states remain down 2% to 5%. Most other lines are increasing rates, somewhere between 2% to 5%. There continues to be a lot of interest from risk barriers to increase rates. And as you have seen in the adverse loss development and casualty line for several carriers in the United States, this is prompting carriers to review the adequacy of casualty pricing. If this pressure continues, we believe there will be more upward pressure, slight on casualty pricing, over the coming quarters. The E&S space is an area we continue to see some carriers be more selective in either lines or geographies, which is having a more pronounced impact on E&S rates versus the admitted market. One area thats under heavy pressure is property coverage in California. A number of carriers have either pulled out or are pulling back from writing traditional property coverage for personal lines and some areas of commercial lines. The areas creating the most challenges are brush zones. These actions have forced some homeowners to obtain coverage from a state FAIR plan or admitted commercial placements going into the E&S market. We are also seeing rate increases for earthquake coverage. In general, while risk barriers have been able to get some rate increases and there has been upward movement from where we were a year ago from most lines, there is still a lot of capital in the market and competition for low loss accounts remains. In the current environment, we do not think that these conditions will abate. During the quarter, we named one of our senior leaders, Steve Boyd, as our new Head of Technology, Innovation and Data Strategy. Steve has a broad technology background, has been an operator with our National Programs Segment for many years and over the past couple of years has been leading our innovation initiatives. This combination plus his knowledge of our company will help us further our technology initiatives. I will talk more about technology later. Now on Slide 5, lets talk about the performance of our four segments. Our retail segment delivered organic revenue growth of 2.9% in Q3. With the new revenue recognition standards and the amount of revenue recognized for our employee benefits business, we expected our organic growth in the first half of the year, which is about 4.5%, to be higher than in the second half of the year. During the quarter, our organic revenue growth was negatively impacted by the implementation of the New Revenue Standard. On a year-to-date basis, we are pleased with the 4% organic revenue growth delivered through the first 9 months of 19 as this represents good incremental improvement over the 2.8% organic growth we realized in the first 9 months of last year. Finally, we continue to be really pleased with the results of Hays and our other recent acquisitions, as they performed well. Our National Programs segment grew 1.6% organically. When we isolate the $8 million onetime adjustment recorded in the third quarter of last year within our lender placed business, our organic growth rate was over 7%. This is one of the best quarters we have had for this segment excluding any storm claim activity. Our growth was driven by continued strong performance from our earthquake programs, All Risk Program, our commercial and residential property programs and our education program, just to name a few. In general, most of our programs performed well and we had no major headwinds this quarter with carrier changes or changes in risk appetite. Overall, it was a great quarter. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another great quarter, with organic revenues growing 11%. Our organic growth was higher this quarter due to increased rates and more new business. Please note, we would expect the growth rate for the fourth quarter to be more in line with the organic growth for the first half of the year. The organic revenue for our Services Segment decreased 70 basis points for the quarter. Consistent with last quarter, organic growth was impacted by lower claims in our Social Security advocacy business that resulted from a completion of advocacy work on a book of business in the prior year. This decline offset good organic growth realized in most other businesses within the Services Segment. Overall, it was a good quarter. And were pleased with our financial results. Now, let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail
Andrew Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, we are going to discuss our GAAP results, certain non-GAAP financial highlights and then our adjusted results, excluding the impacts of acquisition earn-outs. I am over on Slide #6. For the third quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $87.8 million or 16.5% and organic revenue growth of 3.4%. Isolating the one-time $8 million adjustment, we recorded last year with our National Programs division. Our organic growth would have been 5% for the quarter. Our income before income tax and EBITDAC increased by 6.6% and 9.6% respectively. Later, we will walk through the detailed movement of our EBITDAC margin and the impact of Hays. Our net income increased by $9.5 million or 9% and our diluted net income per share increased by $0.03 or 7.9% to $0.41. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2019 was 23.9% compared to 25.5% in the third quarter of 2018. The lower effective tax rate was driven by our state tax footprint and corresponding apportionment, along with a tax rate change in Florida. Based upon the results of the first 9 months, we are now projecting our full year effective tax rate to be in the 24% to 25% range. Our weighted average number of shares, were basically flat compared to the prior year. As weve mentioned before, our goal is to purchase shares related to our equity incentive plans in order to keep our share count on a full year basis relatively flat. Lastly, our dividends per share increased to $0.08 or 6.7% compared to the third quarter of 2018. Also, last week, our Board of Directors approved a 6.25% increase to our upcoming dividend. We are pleased that we have increased our dividend for the 26th year in a row. Moving over to Slide #7, this slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. This quarter, we recorded a reduction in our earn-out liability of approximately $6 million. Our income before income tax on an adjusted basis grew 3.2% or slower than EBITDAC due to incremental interest and amortization expense associated with the acquisitions we completed in the last year. On an adjusted basis, our net income increased by 5.5%. Moving over to Slide #8, this slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 16.5%. Our contingent commissions were basically flat as compared to 2018 and we expect contingents to be down $3 million to $4 million for the fourth quarter. For the quarter, our guaranteed supplemental commissions increased by $1.5 million due to qualifying for certain incentives. Our core commissions and fees increased by $86.2 million or 16.8%. When we isolate the net impact of M&A activity, our organic revenues increased by 3.4%. This growth was negatively impacted by the onetime adjustment we recorded last year. Isolating this item, our organic growth would have been 5%, representing an outstanding quarter. Over to Slide #9 to provide some additional visibility into the major drivers of our EBITDAC margin, we have included a walk-through from 2018 to 2019. During the quarter, we had a couple of disposals that resulted in a gain that benefited margin by 80 basis points. In line with our expectations, Hays negatively impacted our margins by approximately 160 basis points for the quarter due to phasing of revenues and profits in accordance with the new revenue standard. I will talk more about the financial performance for Hays in a few minutes. Other reflects the underlying margin change we experienced across the remainder of our business. The main drivers were the prior year $8 million onetime item recorded in National Programs, higher non-cash stock compensation cost and higher claims experienced as part of our self-insured health plan and incremental hiring in high-performing businesses. These items more than offset margin expansion associated with levering, higher organic growth and the net increase in GSCs. On a year-to-date basis, weve expanded underlying margins, driven by higher organic growth, managing our expenses and realizing benefits from our previous investments. On the following slides, we have presented the results of our four business segments. We are over on to Slide #10, which is Retail. Our Retail segment delivered total revenue growth of over 29%, driven primarily by acquisition activity over the past 12 months, organic growth of 2.9% across all lines of business and increased contingent commissions and GSCs. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter decreased 330 basis points due primarily to the phasing of profit from Hayes, which was about a 280 basis point impact. The margin impact associated when we recognize revenues for a new acquisition and higher non-cash stock-based compensation cost. These items more than offset some gains we realized from current quarter disposals and slightly higher contingent commissions and GSCs. Our income before income tax margin declined by 830 basis points due to higher intercompany interest expense and amortization associated with our acquisition activity and the drivers of EBITDAC changes noted previously. Consistent with our previous comments and the fact that we can have some noise between the quarters related to the New Revenue Standard, we think for this year its important to also focus on year-to-date performance. Year-to-date, our organic revenue growth rate is 4% as compared to 2.8% last year for the 9 months and our EBITDAC margin is 29.5% versus 30.2% for the 9 months ended in the prior year. Excluding the net impact of Hays and our gain on disposal, our margins have increased on a year-to-date basis, which is in line with our expectations. Also during the quarter, we acquired a business that will recognize substantially all of its revenue in the first quarter of each year. As a result, this will drive margin compression in the fourth quarter of 2019 of approximately 60 to 80 basis points. Moving over to Slide #11, the National Programs segment had lower total revenues by 40 basis points. This was driven by the onetime adjustment we recorded last year within our lender-placed business of $8 million and a decrease in contingent commissions, which more than offset 1.6% organic growth. Isolating the onetime adjustment, our organic growth would have been over 7% for the third quarter driven by strong growth from many programs. Income before income taxes remained flat primarily due to the decrease in total revenues from the prior year adjustment and lower contingent commissions. Both of these were offset by lower intercompany interest expense. EBITDAC decreased by 5.2% due to lower contingent commissions and the onetime prior year revenue recognition adjustment, which offset strong organic growth and continued management of our cost. Isolating the prior year adjustment, EBITDAC margins would have increased almost 100 basis points, even with lower contingent commissions. Overall, it was a really strong quarter for the National Programs Segment both on the top and the bottom line. Our Wholesale Brokerage Segment delivered total revenue growth of 11.7% and organic revenue growth of 11% and our contingent commissions were relatively consistent with the prior year. EBITDAC margin increased 210 basis points as a result of leveraging organic revenues and managing our cost base. Our income before income tax margin increased 290 basis points due to the same factors driving the EBITDAC margin, with the additional benefit from lower intercompany interest and amortization expense. Over to Slide #13, our Services segment delivered total revenue growth of 4.2% due to acquisitions completed in the last 12 months; and organic revenue decreased 70 basis points for the quarter. Consistent with last quarter, organic growth was impacted by lower claims in our Social Security advocacy business. Also during the quarter, we recognized incremental revenues associated with the termination of a customer contract. From a margin perspective, EBITDAC grew faster than total revenues, driven by the mix of business growth and management of expenses. Our income before income taxes grew faster than EBITDAC due to lower intercompany interest expense. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues and margins to decline 5% to 10%, driven by our Social Security advocacy businesses and the termination of the previously mentioned customer contract. Moving over to Slide #14, we want to provide an update on the third quarter and year-to-date performance for Hays. Our total revenues for the quarter were $50.3 million and we are at the top end of our expected range. Expenses were higher than originally anticipated due to phasing related to the New Revenue Standard. This phasing is what partially drove higher margins and EPS in the first two quarters of this year and the $0.01 loss in the third quarter of this year. On a year-to-date basis, we have delivered $168.5 million of revenue versus our original estimate of $164 million to $172 million and $0.03 of earnings per share as compared to our original estimate of approximately $0.02. We continue to believe Hays will deliver within their previously communicated full year range of revenue, profit and earnings per share contributions. Finally, a comment regarding cash flow conversion, which we define as GAAP cash flow from operations divided by total revenues. At the end of the second quarter, our cash conversion ratio was slightly below last year. During the third quarter, our cash conversion accelerated and now our year-to-date cash conversion is over 24%, which is about 1 percentage point higher than last year. On a year-to-date basis, our cash flow from operating activity has grown over 25% as compared to total revenue growth of 20%. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. Great report. In closing, we continue to remain optimistic about the economy, as businesses continue to invest and hire more employees. Like many of our customers, were watching the resolution of trade relations and other matters internationally to determine if they might impact our customers and the overall economy. We expect most rates to continue to increase slightly during the fourth quarter and into early next year and for competition to remain strong for accounts with low loss ratios or low loss experience. Our acquisition pipeline continues to remain good as we are talking with lots of companies. We have good momentum after closing 18 deals through the third quarter with annualized revenues of $86 million. We have announced three additional transactions already this quarter. Our goal as you know is to find companies that fit culturally, makes sense financially and want to be part of our team. We will continue to maintain our disciplined capital and M&A approaches as they have proven to be very successful over the long-term. As you know, technology remains one of our key priorities and we have a new head of technology. Our focus has been and will continue to be on investing in our digital strategy and partnering with other companies to improve the experience for our customers and our teammates in how we engage with our carrier partners. We believe technology will be an important part of the delivery of insurance over the coming years and we want to be positioned to capitalize on the opportunities when they arise. Overall, we feel it is a great quarter and we have really good momentum heading into the fourth quarter. With that, let me turn it back over to Augusta for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question, you guys couple of times throughout the prepared remarks pointed to being optimistic about the economy and rates improving. So I was hoping we could spend a little bit more time on retail. I know rev/rec caused some timing issues between some of the quarters. But we did see a little bit of a slowdown sequentially in the third quarter from where you had been trending. Can you just give us kind of higher level view on what you are seeing and how you think the Q4 and potentially even 2020 could shake out on an organic basis?
Powell Brown: Sure. Good morning, Elyse. Couple of things. One, as you know, we talked about the revenue recognition standard and how we talked about on earlier calls about the organic growth will be slightly higher in the first half and maybe slightly lower in the second half. So thats the first thing. The second thing that I would say is we have tried to look at it as we laid out for you on a year-to-date basis and we think of the 4% organic growth year-to-date through the first 9 months this year versus 2.8% last year. So we are pleased with that. As it relates to organic growth on a forward going basis as you know, we dont give forward-looking guidance. We have always said that we believe that the organic growth rate of our business and specifically retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business and we continue to try to invest in that business when opportunities arise, whether that be through acquisitions as you have seen some of the larger ones, specifically Hays that we did last year or hiring additional people as offices outperform and we continue to go to the next level. So, I would tell you that from our perspective, from an economic standpoint, we are guardedly optimistic. Interest rates continue to go down or I dont know whats going to happen. Will they go to zero? I dont know. If there was something, an unusual event, i.e., a hard Brexit, divorce or something with China or something like that, could that affect our economy? We believe the answer is possibly and if so, we are obviously cautious about that as well.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. And then Andy, you mentioned that there was a deal that you guys just completed within retail that skewed to the first quarter. A couple of questions there. Could you potentially size that deal? And then when you said in retail that margins would be compressed by 60 to 80 basis points in the fourth quarter, is that an all-in comment or is that just in relation to this deal or does that also include the impact of Hays?
Andrew Watts: So, good morning Elyse. Couple of things on that front. So the comment about the margin compression was specifically associated with what it will do in the fourth quarter to retails margins. So what we are trying to help everybody with is, whatever you have modeled out, then you would want to adjust it by kind of the 60 to 80 basis points down for the transaction. On this deal here again, its around about $20 million in revenue and what happens is it will recognize all of its revenue in the first quarter. So you will have  there is minimal, well, there is no profit in the back end of the year and then we get all in the first quarter. So hopefully, it gives you an idea of kind of how to model that. What we want to do is finish out the year and then we will give a better estimation as to what kind of Q1 and Q2 looks like once we close the year, but at least give you some guidance for the fourth quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then lastly on contingents, I know you gave some commentary in terms of the fourth quarter, but do you have a view in terms of contingents or any kind of color for 2020 or is it too early?
Andrew Watts: Yes, too early at this stage. So again, we would probably like to get through year end and then see if we get any guidance from any of the carriers. Most of those settle again in the first quarter. And as a reminder with the new revenue standards, what we are doing is we are accruing for the contingents throughout the year based upon what we believe will happen. So as a reminder, in Q1 of this year we had a number of adjustments positive because they came in a little bit better than what we had anticipated. And so again we are accruing for those. We will have to wait until we get to Q1 and then we will record any true-ups or true-downs based upon actual cash received as compared to what we would have anticipated we would have got during the year. So the new approach definitely creates a bit more volatility in the numbers than in the past.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. I appreciate the color.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Just one closing on there, just as a thought on contingents, at least our view is we dont see anything in the marketplace today thats going to start driving contingent commissions up at least in the E&S and our National Programs division.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow-up on your organic comments. I was looking at your slide deck and listening to your comments, Powell and Andy, you talked about price increases, rate increases across many lines of business and you have posted some pretty impressive results on a year-to-date basis both in retail and wholesale. Can you talk about what the balance is between the revenue of organic revenue being driven by rates versus whats being driven by actually new business wins?
Powell Brown: Right. Remember, what we have historically said, I am going to reiterate what we have historically said and we havent broken out specific the new business wins versus growth in existing business, but what we have historically said is two-thirds to three quarters of the impact is exposure units. So those could be increases in existing customers and/or new business wins. The one-third to one-fourth would be rate. And depending on the quarter, depending on the classes of business, and if those are classes that are impacted more severely in some case, then it might be slightly different than that. But thats kind of how we look at it, Greg. And I think that your point is a good one, which is, we are keenly aware of the importance of growing our business and growing it profitably. And so we are very pleased with the 4% organic growth year-to-date and the  versus the 2.8% last year. And the margin profile that Andy talked about, where were effectively up ex-Hays and for 9 months, up slightly ex-Hays and any gains that weve had in the same period. So a lot of people have used this term hard market, Im going to be the first to point out, and Andy would, too, that we dont believe that. And depending on where you are in the country, its interesting what you see. So let me give you an example. If you go into New England, package group middle market packaged writers, accounts are flat to down in that part of the country. And you want to compare that to Los Angeles is burning this morning and theres rolling brownouts. I mean so theres effects on both ends of that spectrum. So its really typically geography-based or line of business-based or both.
Greg Peters: Thank you for that example. On the Services side, weve been hearing about the Social Security advocacy headwinds for, I guess, a couple of quarters now. And if I look at your organic results over the last 4 quarters, it definitely reflects challenges. Can you remind us exactly whats going on there? And because this seems to be reversing it, do you think that, that might turn around in the coming quarters?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Greg, Andy here. So with that book of business, its been running now for  and the adjudicating of those claims  about 18 months and then weve been kind of winding down off of it. Well still have additional impacts in the fourth quarter of this year, so that was the guidance that we had given as well as the customer account. And then well have some residual impact in the first quarter. And then we will have made our lap on that one.
Greg Peters: Okay. Thank you. Im  just two other questions. First, Andy, youve called out the free cash flow conversion rate. I think in that previous call, youve mentioned that you would have expected or might expect for 2019 to come  go back to the historical range of 22% to 23%. And given the outperformance in the third quarter, do you think you guys are going to come in above that range or where do you think  hows it looking for the full year?
Andrew Watts: We feel pretty good at this stage for the full year on the range that we are kind of at.
Greg Peters: Okay. And then finally, just on the M&A environment. Powell, can you give us an update how our pricing is? Is it more expensive to do a deal today than it was a year ago? It certainly seems like theres a steady stream of news of private equity and strategic buying companies every day. I thought Id get just an updated perspective there.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that what I would say is I believe theres 30 PE-backed firms in the space now and the traditional strategic that you are aware of. I would say, the  if theres change in pricing, that change in pricing might be more pronounced in smaller deals becoming slightly more expensive because the larger deals were already expensive, and I dont see them going up incrementally as much. That doesnt mean they couldnt go up. But Im talking about deals that are under something from $3 million to $10 million of revenue and the corresponding earnings. Theres pressure on those multiples now more so than in the past because people that are short-term buyers are trying to gain scale. And so there is so many agencies that are considering selling or would consider to sell. And so thats whats going on. I will tell you that were very pleased with the opportunities that  and the teams that have joined organizations that have joined us so far this year. And we continue to be very optimistic about those in the future. But yes, it is continues to get more competitive.
Greg Peters: Okay, great. Thanks for your answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Charlie on for Mike. I know you talked a little about your new technology leader. Can you elaborate on where youre focused on improving? And provide any color on what specific initiatives he will be working on?
Powell Brown: Sure. Thanks Charlie for Mike. We appreciate that. So Steve Boyd has a technology background coming into our organization 18 years ago as the CIO of Arrowhead, and then he migrated over to operations. And over the last couple of years, 2.5, maybe, years or so, hes been involved in innovation initiatives across the organization. So broadly speaking, in technology, I think of it as several buckets. You have the data and how we use that data and manage that data to the benefit of our customers, our teammates and trading with our carrier partners. Security is a very, obviously, important segment. Innovation defined as emerging technology, and how that emerging technology can help us better interface with those three groups, i.e., customers, teammates and carrier partners. And in that innovation, its the vetting of technology. And as you know, theres an enormous amount of money thats pouring into Insurtech, some of which was intended initially to be disruptive and get between the buyer and the broker, and what they found in many instances is disrupting that relationship is a little more complicated and some of those organizations have pivoted and that pivot is to try to enable the brokers to enhance the relationship with their customers or simplify highly repetitive tasks. That could be policy checking. That could be gathering data that  not having to re-input data multiple times in the system, single input, things like that. So I also think of, broadly speaking, digital. Digital, defined as here now how do you use that to our benefit? I would tell you that the most technologically advanced area of our company is in programs. And so some of those capabilities that are being used in programs may have a direct impact right now in the near to intermediate future on something were doing in wholesale or programs  wholesale or Retail or Services. And so he will, obviously, be overseeing that as well. So I kind of look at it high-level, data, security, innovation, digital and all the underlying pieces with that. I will tell you that the thing that were most excited about, and I personally am, is Steve is a very talented leader, and hes an operator. So he blends the ability to drive what we call business-driven IT. So were all pleased.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. Thats helpful. And then just as a follow-up, did you guys get any lift from the impact from Texas flooding during the third quarter? And do you expect any impact in the fourth quarter or first quarter of 20? Thanks.
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning. Charlie, its Andy here. No, minimal in the third quarter. Just as a reminder, a good way for you guys to think about what happens post an event is it normally takes at least 30 to 60 days before claims start to really kind of come in, in the door. We started adjudicating those and we started recognizing revenue. So based upon when Imelda happened, again, that will be very unlikely for the third quarters. So just kind of keep that in mind for future storms. And then the storm itself, while it got a lot of press coverage, there was not a lot of flood activity there that was covered underneath the policies. So not driving a lot of claim activity. We will get a little bit, but it wont be anything thats going to drive incremental organic growth over the prior year. If anything, it probably keeps us flat year-on-year in the fourth quarter. And we will probably process most of those claims in the fourth quarter, but again, nothing material.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning. In the wholesale business, were there any one-timers or anything  any items that wouldnt recur? You said you expected the fourth quarter to be more like the first half. Is that just conservatism or was there something that was particularly beneficial in Q3?
Powell Brown: There was no one big deal, Mark, thats not what I would say. Its just there was a lot of new business. And there were on existing customers, there was some rate pressure in existing areas, if they were CAT-prone or depending on the structure of the accounts. But we would actually just say that it  unless something changes, and I dont know if its possible, but we think that, that growth rate is more indicative of the first half of the year than this quarter  we dont think one quarter makes a trend.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then how would you look at coastal property pricing, given that we are  it seems like this year, it can end up being reasonably decent, a little bit of damage from Dorian. How do you see that trending when you think into next year? I know you dont do a forecast, but in your experience, how would you anticipate renewals might look?
Powell Brown: Right. So lets  I think theres  its important to bifurcate or trifurcate that question. So number one, the first question is, is it habitational or not, okay? And habitational, lets define that as good construction, fire-resistive and what I call sticks and bricks apartments, garden style, three-story, two-story, frame apartments near the water. So there are still carriers, for example, in Florida that will be very aggressive on superior construction condominiums in the state of Florida. That doesnt mean everyone, but Im saying so there is some rate pressure, but its mitigated because you have some of these outlying carriers that will do things that you might scratch your head on and say, hmm, I wouldnt have expected that. As it relates to garden-style apartments, there is more pressure not only on the property but on the liability as well because, as you heard us say earlier, there continues to be some adverse loss development in prior accident years. And so theres a focus on, do we have the right casualty pricing and particularly in something like that, meaning garden-style apartment. As it relates to other than habitational, it truly depends on how it was written before. What do I mean by that? There are some carriers that have written large single limits on facilities, particularly HPR and very good protection or facilities where they are now saying, in some instances, we dont want to write the whole limit. So if youve got somebody that writes, Ill make this up, a $200 million loss limit, and they determine that they dont want a $200 million loss limit exposed in a CAT-prone area, even if its good construction, and they all of a sudden only want to write $50 million, I just made that up, then you got to go out and stack up  Im about to sneeze, excuse me. Sorry. Youre going to have to go and get some other carriers to do the 150 x of 50 or whatever the layering is. So I say all that, and theres still, lets not forget, theres still an inordinate amount of capital sitting out there. And so I believe that at any time, optimistic or new capital, however you want to classify it, can come swooping in and do some things. And so I think that kind of moderates the overall rate pressure going forward. That does not mean that there isnt going to be upward pressure on stuff, but depending on where it is. And then you go inland, and its all over the place. You go to Atlanta or Houston  not even Houston  Dallas, you go to Denver, and it may be flat or it might be up because of the class of business or the losses.
Mark Hughes: Alright, thank you for the detail. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sean Reitenbach with KBW.
Sean Reitenbach: Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Sean Reitenbach: As a follow-up on the M&A environment, is there a growing recognition among smaller brokers of their inability to invest in capabilities and is leading to increased interest in being acquired by traditional brokers compared to PE or is that something that is maybe just becoming a factor and could lead to accelerating M&A?
Powell Brown: I think, Sean, I would actually  I think youre tapping on something, but I would express it slightly differently. There is a recognition, particularly among people who, this is their single largest asset, the average agency owner in the United States is 54 to 57 years old, thats saying sometimes, theyre either going to have to invest more heavily in those capabilities to compete or they might benefit from partnering with somebody, whether it be a strategic, to enhance those capabilities or potentially sell to a PE, to monetize the assets. But fundamentally, agency owners are very independent. I mean this is a true reflection of the American dream. I mean, youve got a very independent group of people who really work hard to do the right thing for their customers. So do I think that there is a shift in the thought process? No, I dont think theres a shift in the process. What I think is occurring is, as you know, you have more and more business brokers involved in selling businesses. And so people are out there preempting or trying to preempt things where agency owners are getting phone calls all the time from potential acquirers or business brokers. And in some cases, a business broker might say, we can get you X amount from your agency, just kind of having an idea, which that may or may not be true. I dont know the specifics on the way  but the amounts of money are meaningful. So in some instances, those people are saying, look, its so much money, I kind of got to look at it. That doesnt mean I was thinking about doing it right now, but I need to explore that for my family and whatever. So yes with an asterisk, how is that?
Sean Reitenbach: Thank you. Thats very helpful. And then secondly, in terms of earthquake rates, did you guys see a direct response to the July earthquakes or is that just something where there was momentum and that kind of helped increase momentum?
Powell Brown: Yes, there was momentum, Sean, before the July earthquake. What I would tell you thats interesting, an interesting thing, number one  I marveled this  of all the people in California that live in earthquake zones, only about 10% or 11% buy earthquake coverage. That seems very low to me, number one. Number two, when there is an event, we usually see slight increase in purchasing. And that event, in this case, was a significant earthquake, but it was in a rural area. So the losses were next to zero, but the potential magnitude of that had it been 100 miles west was enormous. So let me give you an example, the measurement on the Richter scale of 7.4. The Northridge earthquake was, I think, a 6.9. It was either 6.7 or 6.9. The amount of energy in the July earthquake  this is amazing to me  4x higher than the Northridge earthquake, 4x the amount of energy released. So what youve got is a recognition on the part of the marketplace that saying, wow, what wouldve happened had that occurred in Los Angeles, or San Francisco? And so there is some pressure on rates. The issue also is not only rates, but is limits, ability to put limits together. And fortunately, we have a very solid program which is performed really well for our carrier partners. And so we are able to put up significant limits in quake zones all over the West Coast.
Sean Reitenbach: Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: You are welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have no other questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Okay. Yes, thank you, Augusta. And we appreciate everybodys time and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day and a great rest of your fall. Goodbye.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc.'s Second Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including the answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to our future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the second quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements, is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter 2019 earnings call. Im on Slide #3. For the second quarter, we delivered $575.2 million of revenue, growing 21.6% in total and our organic revenues increased by 3.9% for the second quarter. Ill get into more details in a few minutes about the organic growth for each segment. Our EBITDAC margin was 29.3%, which is up 20 basis points versus the same quarter in 2018. Our net income per share for the second quarter grew by 26.9% to $0.33, as compared to the second quarter of 2018. During the quarter, we also completed four transactions with annualized revenues of approximately $14 million. Overall it was a really good quarter. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. Im now on Slide #4. During the quarter the market continued to expand with customers investing in their business driving increase in exposure in us. We would say overall our customers remain optimistic about the market. While the overall premium rates remain competitive, during the second quarter we did see some upward movement on rates for many lines, including automobile, employee benefits, general liability and property, both wind and earthquake. Accounts with minimal loss experience are still getting marketed and with rigor. The main line where we see rates consistently down across most regions is Workers Compensation. Most other lines of coverage are flat to up slightly, flat to 5%, with commercial auto up typically in the range of 7% to 10%. Last quarter there was a lot of discussion that risk-bearers wanted to increase rates and it was most pronounced in London. There was some upward pricing pressure in the second quarter as risk-bearers are trying to get rate increases where possible, and specifically in the E&S space we are seeing some carriers be more selective in either certain lines or geographies or both, which is having a potential or a pronounced impact in certain areas. There is still a lot of capital that needs to get put to work and therefore we do not believe there is going to be large swings in pricing in the near future. On the M&A front, we remain active and acquired four businesses in the second quarter bringing our year-to-date acquisitions to 12 with $50 million of estimated annualized revenues. We continue to be pleased with our investments in technology, innovation, and our new programs. During the quarter, we realized additional returns from our investments which helped to improve our margins and the experience for our teammates and customers. Investing in innovation will remain an important part of our strategy going forward. On Slide #5, let's talk about the performance of our four segments. Our Retail segment delivered strong organic growth of 5.6% in Q2 with most lines of business growing through new business activity, good retention, and the benefit of exposure unit expansion and rate increases in certain lines of coverage. As we mentioned last quarter, organic growth for Q2 was expected to be higher than Q1 due to the impact of the new revenue standard in the prior year. While we did experience some positive impact of the new revenue standard, organic growth for the quarter was better than expected. We are pleased with the 4.5% organic revenue growth delivered through the first six months of 2019 as this represents continued incremental improvement over the same period of prior years. Lastly, we continue to be really pleased with the results of Hays as they had another good quarter and are near the upper end of our expectations for both revenues and profit. Jim Hays, Mike Egan, and their team are doing a great job of focusing on their customers and winning new business. On the National Programs segment, grew 2% organically with good performance within our Earthquake programs, our All Risk program and better than expected results in our lender-placed business just to name a few. Most of our programs performed well this quarter. We continue to experience challenges in our Commercial and Personal Automobile programs as our carrier partners are evaluating returns and their risk appetite which continue to impact our retention and new business. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered another great quarter with organic revenues growing 7%. The growth was primarily driven by new business, good retention, and some rate improvement in certain lines. Our organic growth was positively impacted by the renewal timing of a couple larger accounts which we discussed in Q1 earnings call. We're pleased with the over 5% organic growth delivered by the wholesale segment through the first six months of 2019. The organic revenue for our Services segment decreased 4.1% for the quarter consistent with last quarter organic growth was impacted by lower claims in our Social Security Advocacy business that resulted from the completion of advocacy work on our book of business in the prior year. This decline offset good organic growth realized by most other businesses within the Services segment. Overall, it was a strong quarter across the board and we are very pleased with our top and bottom line results. Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail. Andy?
Andrew Watts: Thanks Powell and good morning every one. Consistent with previous quarters, were going to discuss our GAAP results and then our adjusted results, excluding the impacts of acquisition earn-outs. I'm over on Slide #6. This slide presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the second quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of $102.1 million or 21.6% and organic revenue growth of 3.9%. Our income before income tax and EBITDAC both increased 22.4% growing faster than revenues due to the continued leveraging of our expense base. Later we will walk through the detailed movement of our EBITDAC margin and the impact of Hays. Our net income increased by $18.7 million, or 25.3% and our diluted net income per share increased by $0.07, or 26.9% to $0.33. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2019 was 25.1% compared to 26.8% in the second quarter of 2018. The lower effective tax rate was driven by our state tax footprint and the corresponding apportionment. Based upon the results for the first six months, we are still projecting our full-year effective tax rate to be in the range of 25% to 26%. Our weighted average number of shares were down slightly compared to the prior year. As we have mentioned before, our goal is to purchase shares related to our equity incentive plans in order to keep our share count on a full year basis relatively flat. And lastly, our dividends per share increased to $0.08 or 6.7% compared to the second quarter of 2018. Moving over to Slide #7, this slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. We believe this presentation provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. This quarter we recorded a net reduction in our earn-out liabilities which is equivalent to close to $0.01 per share benefit. Our income before income taxes on an adjusted basis grew 19.2% or slightly slower than total revenues due to the incremental interest and amortization expense associated with acquisitions we completed in the last 12 months. On an adjusted basis, our diluted net income per share increased by $0.06 or 23.1% versus the second quarter of last year. Moving over to Slide #8, this slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased 21.4% and our contingent commissions decreased $2 million as compared to 2018, which is consistent with our expectations and the guidance we provided during the Q1 earnings call. We continue to expect contingent's to be down $2 million to $4 million on a full-year basis as compared to 2018. For the quarter, our guaranteed supplemental commissions increased by $10.2 million. This increase was driven by GSC within our National Program segment that will not recur in the future as the associated multiyear contract has ended. Please take this into consideration for the second half of this year and going into 2020. Our core commissions and fees increased by $92.7 million or 20.4%. When we isolate the net impact of our M&A activity, our organic revenues increased by 3.9% driven by the items that Powell mentioned earlier. Moving over to Slide #9, to provide some additional visibility into the major drivers of our EBITDAC margin, weve included a walk through from 2018 to 2019. Hays negatively impacted our margin by approximately 100 basis points for the quarter. This resulted from phasing of revenues and profit in accordance with the new revenue standard which primarily impacted employee benefits. This drives higher revenue and profit in the first quarter and then lower amounts in the second through the fourth quarter. The second quarter was at the top end of our range for revenues and profit and the Hays team had another strong quarter. Other reflects the underlying margin improvement we experienced across the remainder of our business. This was driven by higher organic growth, the net increase in GSCs, leveraging our expense base, and realizing some benefits from our previous investments. These margin improvements more than offset higher non-cash stock compensation cost as well as some incremental one-time legal costs we recorded this quarter. Taking all these items into consideration, it was a very good quarter for margin expansions. On the following slides we presented the results of our business segments. We're going to start with retail which is on Slide #10. Our retail segment delivered total revenue growth of over 33% driven by acquisition activity over the past 12 months and organic growth of 5.6% for the second quarter. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter decreased by 130 basis points due to the quarterly phasing impact of Hays that we mentioned earlier. Excluding the impact of Hays, we are pleased that we delivered another quarter of margin expansion. Our income before income tax margin declined by 480 basis points due to higher intercompany interest expense and associated with our acquisition activity and the EBITDAC drivers. Over to Slide #11. Our National Programs segment increased total revenues by 11.3%. This was driven by the previously mentioned one time GSC which was approximately $10 million, acquisitions during the past 12 months and organic growth of 2% driven by many of our programs. Income before income taxes increased by 65.4% primarily due to higher revenue growth, lower intercompany interest expense and continued cost management. EBITDAC increased by 32.6% driven by higher total organic revenues, continued management of our cost and scaling of certain programs. Moving over to Slide #12. Our wholesale brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 7.4% and organic revenue growth of 7%. The EBITDAC margin increased by 120 basis points as a result of leveraging organic revenues and managing our cost base. Our income before income tax margin increased 110 basis points due to the same factors driving EBITDAC margins, but was offset slightly by higher acquisition earn-out payables. Over to Slide #13, our Services segment delivered total revenue growth of 10.7% due to acquisitions completed in the last 12 months and our organic revenue decreased 4.1% for the quarter. From a margin perspective, EBITDAC grew faster than total revenues driven by the mix of business and management expenses. We do not expect this high level of margin expansion in future quarters. Moving over to Slide #14, we want to provide an update on the Q2 performance for Hays. Total revenues were $44.1 million and were at the top end of our range and expenses continue to be slightly better than originally expected. For the quarter, we delivered $7.4 million of EBITDAC which is in excess of the top end of the range. Some of this favorability is due to timing associated with the new revenue standard and we expect some reversal in the second half of 2019. We continue to believe Hays will deliver within their previously communicated full-year range revenue and profit. And then finally, a comment regarding cash flow conversion. In the first quarter we mentioned how our cash conversion percentage which we define as GAAP cash flow from operations divided by total GAAP revenues declined due to the timing of payments to our carrier partners. During the second quarter, this percentage increased an on a full-year base grew on a year-to-date basis our cash conversion ratio is slightly below last year. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks Andy for a great report. In closing we remain optimistic about the economy as business continues to invest or businesses continue to invest and hire more employees. Earlier, we discussed premium rates. Based upon what we're seeing right now we would expect most rates to continue to increase slightly, but competition will remain strong for accounts with low losses. Consistent with prior quarters our acquisition pipeline remained full and we're talking with a lot of companies. We have good momentum after closing 12 deals through the second quarter with annualized revenues of $50 million and we've announced two transactions already this quarter. The primary challenge remains private equity firms and how they are approaching the pricing for deals. At times, they are willing to pay materially more than we are with a disciplined approach to capital deployment. Ultimately, our goal is to find companies that fit [indiscernible] makes sense financially and want to be part of a team for the long-term. We will maintain our disciplined M&A approach as it has proven to be very successful over the long-term. I mentioned earlier that technology remains one of our key priorities. We'll continue to invest in our data strategy to improve the experience for our customers, how we engage with our carrier partners and the experience for our teammates. Overall we feel it was a great quarter for all of our segments and we have good momentum for the second half of the year. With that, let me turn it back over to Matt to start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first we will hear from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question was just on the retail growth in the quarter 5.6%, pretty strong number. I know when -- if we go back to the fourth quarter call, you guys had pointed to there being some movement with the Q1 potentially being weaker, Q2 being the strongest quarter of the year, I was hoping to just get a little bit more color on the impact that that kind of movement had on the Q2? And is there a way you could quantify if there was revenue recognition impact, if you could give us the dollar in millions, just so we can kind of break that out from the impact on the Q2 as we think about the organic growth in Retail going forward?
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, Elyse, it's Andy here. You know in fact, if you remember our comments on the first quarter, we had said that the impact of rev rec was less than anticipated and the same thing held true in the second quarter, well yes in fact it was higher than Q1, we did not have as big of a benefit in Q2 from rev rec. So underline we had a really good quarter. It just  it wasnt material for the second quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: So you would that 5.6 as being like the underlying growth I guess that we should think about. I know you guys dont like to give specific segment guidance going forward, but should that be, do you view that as a clean number for us to think when we use about, when we think about the growth that we could see in retail in the back half of the year?
Andrew Watts: Certainly we could take that and put it into two pieces is, there is a little bit of benefit in the 5.6, but it's nothing material, okay inside of there for. And then as we talked about on the earlier comments about where we are, we are pleased at 4.5% organic growth for the six months and the way I was thinking it's good to look at some trends because any quarters can kind of be up and down through all. But keep in mind that we've had employee benefits. We have more of that revenue in the first half of the year and that business is growing well for us. So Elyse also, as you know, we dont give guidance on organic growth, but we've said is the low to mid single-digit organic growth business. That's kind of how we view it in a steady-state economy. So, you know that the limited guidance we would give you.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then in terms also, Andy you just said previously so you saw some strong employee benefits growth in the first half of the year. Would you say the rest of the retail book away from employee benefits was still growing like within the vicinity of 4% to 4.5% for the first half of the year?
Andrew Watts: Yes, well we didnt that on the release, but I would say that all of our businesses are growing really well, just employee benefits are growing little bit faster.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. I appreciate that color. And then my second topic on the margin side of things. You guys did have a one-off supplemental that you called out this quarter, and I thought that those typically run a  it is a pretty kind of just drops to the bottom line. So I was just trying to get a sense of the margin improvement. I think you alluded to in the comments that you guys did see margin improvement if we backed out that supplemental and so can you guys give us a sense of just ex that supplemental what the National Programs kind of the level of margin improvement you would have seen in the quarter?
Andrew Watts: Yes, we'll see if we can maybe put it into just two pieces. Let's do it at a total level first. If you look at the GSC, yes we did pick up about an incremental $10 million and they do flow through at higher margins. We had made the comment about incremental one-time legal cost and that was about another  that was about $5 million that we recorded in the quarter. So if you take those two they start to net each other down. That's why when we look at the underlying we said we were up 110 basis points even if taking that kind of a net benefit of those two, we still had a really good quarter at total company. And then as it relates to National Programs when you go through, if you look at their margins and how much they're up, even pulling out the incremental GSC, now again keep in mind that contingents were also down in National Programs, we still expanded margins in National Programs for the quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Phillips: Thank you. Good morning everybody. On your market overview slide, market overview and business overview slide on Slide 4, you mentioned some tightening underwriting criteria for some lines of business from some losses, and I wonder if you can elaborate on that, like what lines you're talking about and where you're seeing things there?
Powell Brown: Well, think about we're seeing there is a little bit of pressure on rate. There's also a little bit pressure on terms and conditions. So you might see a deductible change from a flat deductible to a percentage in an area that's not coastal, which would be different, and there are some carriers more - I typically think more of, in the E&S market, but even in retail, who are reevaluating certain classes of business and if they want to participate and if in fact they are big rider of a certain class of business, it could be a property-related business or a liability related business and if they decide to change their vantage point that may have a change on the overall market. That's what we're referring to Mike.
Mike Phillips: Okay. Yes, I mean, I guess looking for certain specific lines property, non-property, liability, casualty, whatever and it sounds like you're seeing kind of across the board, more on the announcement?
Powell Brown: It is, but I mean, where I'd start with is just property for example, where people become more selective or let's say somebody put up a large line or large limit, $25 million in the past and now they only are willing to put up $10 million or $15 million, things like that.
Mike Phillips: Okay, yes that's helpful, thank you very much. Second question on, you've commented last quarter on your non-cash stock comp that would be an up around $3 million to $4 million from 2018 levels. It was up on a year-to-date, this year it's up almost $9 million to $10 million. So can you - updated thoughts on how that could run out for the rest of the year?
Andrew Watts: Yes, hi, good morning, Mike. Yes, we were up about $3.5 million for the second quarter. We would expect that it will probably go ahead and trend up a little bit more for the back end of the year. The run rate, actually for the second quarter, is a pretty decent run rate right now.
Mike Phillips: The 3.5.
Andrew Watts: No, no, no, if you look at the total.
Mike Phillips: So you're up from $15 million to $24 million, so like $9 million for the year is that it?
Andrew Watts: No, no, no, hold on a second. Let's clarify. If take where our run rate is for the second quarter if you pick it up in there, then that would be a good estimate for the next two quarters on stock comp.
Mike Phillips: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Probably coming in, in that 45 to 50 range.
Mike Phillips: Yeah, okay, awesome. Thank you very much Andy.
Andrew Watts: Sure.
Operator: And next we will hear from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning. I was curious, I believe you guys have a sizable earthquake brokerage business and maybe you can help size that up and I'm wondering if anything is going on there, rates or our uptake given the - how it's taking place in California?
Powell Brown: Okay, Mike. First of all, fortunately, there was no, that I'm aware of, no loss of life. And the amount of damage would be defined as minimal. And so, we do business in both the residential earthquake and commercial earthquake and prior to the event on July 5th, the 7.1 there was some pressure on rates already on those that were putting up very large limits, $50 million, $75 million, $100 million limits in quake zones and so that's a fluid market, and so as once the quake business, the quake occurred, there was a moratorium on writing quake coverage within 100 miles of the event and then it went down to 50 miles. And now, I believe it's open for all classes. But those did not affect the heavily populated areas of San Diego, Los Angeles or San Francisco, we could write in those all along. And so, yes, there will continue to be pressure on those. I will tell you an interesting statistic, Northridge, I believe was a 6.7 and the difference between a 6.7 and a 7.1 is almost is between three and four times more powerful. And so they were very, very fortunate that it was out in the middle and a very rural area because otherwise there would have been significant damage. And so we continue to write lots of coverage and we'll continue to do so, to provide capacity of the marketplace in both residential and commercial going forward.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, great that's interesting, I think good commentary. A couple of others may be I'll put them together. I believe you said lender placed was better than expected and I didn't catch if you still think there is going to be year-over-year pressure there going forward. And then also, you've been talking about maybe some commercial auto appetites being lower. Did that take place or are appetites being bailed out by what seems to be increasing rate momentum in that line of business?
Andrew Watts: Okay. Hey, good morning, Mike. It's Andy here. On the lender-placed, here's what we saw during the second quarter is, we had a couple of our customers actually had picked up some additional portfolios. So we had some growth in those, which is good for the business. We do expect to see some continued fall off in the back in of the year. We mentioned previously that we've got a couple of customers that were acquired. And so, that business will be winding down in the back end of the year is from everything that we can see right now.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, great. And then commercial auto? Yeah, I'm sorry.
Powell Brown: Yes, on auto. Let me, let me address that. So here's the gist broadly. Number one, there continues to be losses in excess of the expected losses. This is not exclusively as a result of this, but distracted drivers are as you know a huge issue and it's not slowing down. With that said, markets are getting rate, but some markets don't feel like they can't get enough rate or they are reevaluating the kinds of business they want to write in commercial auto and maybe they write a class of business now, make this up like dump trucks and they've determined that they can't make money at any price in dump trucks based on their experience, whereas another market can think they can - they do think they can make money on dump trucks but it's at a significant higher price than the first carrier. So what we're saying by that is, we have some programs that work in the auto space. If you change carriers at any time there is disruption in terms of the way you write new business in some of your retention, that is driven or impacted more by the fact that it's commercial auto because new carriers typically have different views on the ability to make money in certain states and jurisdictions, which will dictate the legal climate and thus your payments. So nothing's, it's not like something has changed dramatically Mike since last quarter. That's not the case. But what we're trying to say is, we do continue to see people being very selective on their automobile writings and we don't think that's going to change in the near to intermediate term.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: And our next participant is Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning. A couple of followup questions. In the wholesale commentary, I think you called out some timing issues that boosted the second quarter organic. Can you go back and give us a little more detail?
Andrew Watts: Yes, Greg, in the first quarter, we said it was about a 1% impact. It was about a 1% also in the second quarter. Down 1 in Q1 and up to 1
Greg Peters: Say it again Powell?
Powell Brown: I said down, it was - remember, the revenue was trends, it moved from Q1 into Q2 because they renewed it or extended it and renewed it at a different time. So the impact in Q1 was down about 1% and the impact in Q2 was up about 1%.
Greg Peters: Got it. So there wasn't any pull forward of revenue from 3Q or 4Q in the second quarter correct?
Powell Brown: No, no, no, this was just a couple of accounts in Q1, which extended their policies and renewed in Q2.
Greg Peters: Okay. In your commentary you also spoke about positive momentum in employee benefits growing faster. Is this a function of the accounting 606 rule or is this new accounts or rates, it seems like maybe it's all three, but maybe you could provide some additional color on that?
Powell Brown: Yes, no, I would focus it on our ability to retain our existing customers and write new business. That's a growing business for us and that does not mean that we're not pleased with commercial lines or personal lines, quite the contrary. We are pleased with those too and they're doing well. But Andy did mention earlier and I did too that employee benefits is doing well, but I'm telling you commercial lines are doing well too, so let's not single one out. We're very pleased with how our Retail business performed in Q2.
Greg Peters: Right. It seems like on the Retail side, it seems like most of the channel checks come back with extremely positive commentary and BB&T reported a blowout second quarter organic. Is this just a function of the middle market economy or do you have any perspective on that.
Powell Brown: Well, again, it's hard for us to comment on someone else because we don't really know how they track organic growth and more specifically their mix of business as it compares to our mix of business. So I would purely be speculating on anybody else, that's number one. But as it relates to us, I would tell you this. I think that we're just executing better, meaning, I'm not trying to be overly simplistic, but I just think we are executing better in the second quarter and the results show that way in our, in the organic growth. So I don't - want you to think some, that there is something that's changed in the economy or any of this other stuff. I think it's interesting, some people criticize us on what they might call the muted view on the rate environment and the answer to the question is, that's what we're seeing in the middle market economy and many people are talking about rate impacts on large lines of business that might be on fees which have no impact on their commissions because they're paid on a fee and so it could be comparing an apple and an orange and we're not uptight about it. I just wanted to clarify that, because I know you were probably thinking that Greg. And the important thing is, is the rates have a positive impact, exposures have a positive impact, but really at the end of the day we're executing well and I'm very pleased, we're very pleased with how the team is doing.
Greg Peters: Yes, just final question. Andy in your comments on free cash flow I think you said for the year-to-date running a little bit behind where you were last year on the conversion rate and - do you anticipate sort of the trend of the first half to continue into the second half being a little bit below the full year last year on the conversion rate or do you have any other commentary on that?
Andrew Watts: Yes, as we had mentioned before is we do expect it will be down a little bit this year. If you remember, fourth quarter of last year we got a bump in the working capital associated with the acquisition of Hays. We're anticipating that will kind of reverse back out to a normal level this year. So last year, our free cash flow conversion as a percentage of revenue I think was right about 26%. We would expect that will come down a little bit this year, but as an organization, we continue to run somewhere around 22% to 23% as the conversion of free cash flow conversion. So again that's cash flow from operations less CapEx divided by revenues on there. We run right in that 22% to 23% pretty consistent all the time.
Powell Brown: And Greg, and I'd like to point out that is not just this year, that's for the past four years, five years and up to 10 years. So that is something that we're very pleased about. Because for every dollar that we earn we're converting about $0.23 to reinvest in our business, which you've seen how we've done through acquisitions and organic growth and related. So that is a point that I think it should be duly noted I would think. I know you know that, but I'll encourage everybody to think about that, because we're very proud of that and it's something that is industry leading.
Andrew Watts: Greg, the other thing to keep in mind on the free cash flow and we've talked about in some of our previous calls, our CapEx will be up this year and next year associated with the building of the Daytona Beach campus and again the ranges that we've given on that as we said, will probably be up somewhere around $30 million to $35 million in CapEx this year, and then we'll spend about another $30 million or $35 million next year on CapEx and then it will drop back down.
Greg Peters: Got it, thank you for the answers.
Andrew Watts: Yes. And again that's CapEx on the building, not total. Okay?
Greg Peters: Yes, yes. I got it. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Okay, perfect. Thanks sir.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: You mentioned that there was upward pressure on quake pricing, any early read on order volume post the events?
Powell Brown: The answer is, it's a little too early to say Mark, but what I would tell you historically that the absorption rate does go up, post-events. Okay? So I'll give you a statistic that just kind of amazes me. In the State of California and we write quake in Oregon and Washington, but in the State of California 12% of the people that live in quake zones buy earthquake coverage, 12. That sounds low to me. And so, when the event happens, a lot of people think about well what would happen if that happened to us. And some of those people actually buy insurance. But we are not expecting some, it's not going to go from 12% to 50%. It just doesn't do that. It's a very unique dynamic that occurs there. But there's lots of people that are asking about it and talking about it, and thinking about it. And so, we are quoting more of it, but I think that it could have a positive impact, but it's too early to tell.
Mark Hughes: Very good. And then one other question on the Social Security Advocacy timing that's been a headwind for a couple of quarters, how much of a headwind would you anticipate in coming quarters? When do you kind of lap that effect? Was it as meaningful in the third or fourth quarter of last year?
Andrew Watts: Hi, good morning, Mark. It's Andy here. Yes, so we'll have continued headwinds for the third and fourth quarter, the larger being in the third quarter and then it kind of starts to wind down in the fourth quarter. Yes, we had said previously, we thought it would be somewhere around $8 million to $9 million on a full-year basis. We're still expecting somewhere around kind of that $4 million to $5 million for the back end of the year.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And next we will hear from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. I guess my first question is around the revenue recognition impact. So you didn't see as much of it in the second quarter or first quarter for that matter. Do you expect any of that to still come in the second half of the year?
Andrew Watts: The only real items that we're expecting in the third quarter and this was an item that popped up in Q3 of last year in National Programs, the $8 million that was the one-time adjustment that we made last year, that will reverse in the third quarter of this year, which again it's going to flow through the organic calculation for programs and that's really the only one out there, not material.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then going back to Elyse's question on the margins for supplemental commissions, is there any way to quantify that? I know one of your competitor's have talked about roughly 60% margin, is that roughly what we should be thinking about?
Andrew Watts: Yes, I mean we've never said what the margin or the margin is for either the GSCs or the contingent commissions, but they are higher than average for the business.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, two quick questions, one, I just want to clarify, because I think I had this wrong. Andy did you say that the $8 million recognition from last year will reverse itself or it just won't be there in the third quarter?
Andrew Watts: Well, it doesn't just doesn't show up in the third quarter of this year.
Meyer Shields: Okay, but it is on the [indiscernible].
Andrew Watts: Correct.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thanks.
Andrew Watts: So [indiscernible] from comparability. Right? You had a benefit last year that benefit will not be there this year.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Second, can you -- you talked in the presentation about rising employee benefits rates, does that have an impact on retail organic growth?
Andrew Watts: It does if you are on commission, it doesn't if you're on a fee. But it does impact what the, here's the way I would want you to look at it Meyer, is this, ultimately you know that there is a cost trend out there and let's say that cost trend medical trend is, let's say, 7%, 8%. And so, every year employers, whether it be your employer Brown & Brown or anybody else is faced with that burden in terms of providing that coverage. And so what price increases what that does is it drives buyers, employers to consider, number one, what they can afford and plan design. So, sometimes people change their plans to manage the cost increases. And so, the answer to your question is, it can impact organic growth, if you add employees, which in turn increases the premium, which if you are on commission, you can get a lift. Different carriers do that differently. Sometimes they pay a per head per month, sometimes you're on a fee. So it's hard to make a broad statement. You can't say that everything that we write is on commission because it's not. But yes, there is some embedded organic growth there because of that rate lift.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, good morning everybody.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Andrew Watts: Good morning.
Joshua Shanker: I apologize, I joined a little bit late, but I think these questions have been answered. The first one involves the supplemental commissions in the program's business, is there any negative impact in the forward quarters as you pulled commissions out of the future to come into 2Q?
Powell Brown: No, there is not, Josh. So that was a one-time that we received in the second quarter. And again, that was the final year, a multiyear calculation, but we were holding something out of Q3 or Q4 - was assuming you were just trying to understand how it all came in this quarter.
Joshua Shanker: And not that we know the answer, but if I think about somewhere between 2 and 4 as a normal run rate. Is there any reason to think that's different in the future?
Andrew Watts: Boy, a little bit of a hard one to answer. And the reason I would say that is, the programs is the one that we at times have the most volatility with because you've got individual calculations for every one of the programs underneath of there. Some of them are single year. Some of them are multiyear in nature and it just depends upon the performance. And so, we've been definitely up and down in that world. It again wouldnt surprise us that they are down a little bit there. I mean, we saw and they trended down for the second quarter.
Joshua Shanker: Okay, bless you. And in the second question, I mean it's my own fault, but I underestimated your acquired commissions acts phase in 2Q. I'm wondering if you can help sort of frame that 2Q versus the end of the year you have $14 million more coming in annually from the new, the acquired businesses. Can you sort of put the point on how we should think about non-Hays acquired premiums to the end of the year and not premium commissions?
Powell Brown: Well, that assumes on what we end up of closing now.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, yes, of course - what you've already closed, what you've already closed, don't try and predict new deals of course.
Powell Brown: Yes okay. So remember, here's the deal Josh. We went to not announcing the size of the deals upon announcement and we are announcing them, which is consistent with everybody else at the quarter call. So we've announced two deals and we will talk about that revenue at the end of the third quarter and then if we announce anymore, which we think we have an opportunity to do, we'll announce all of those at once. So we don't give forward-looking guidance on revenues acquired.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, I'm actually looking backward, just trying to see ex phase I see like $35 million, $40 million of acquired revenues and if I go to 4Q and 3Q last year, I see that's about in line. I'm wondering if, given that if you skew the thing a little bit, are we within elevated level that we're going to have a come off the plateau a little bit in the back half of the year assuming nothing about deals going forward?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Based upon when we closed the deals in 2018 Josh, yes you are correct. It will slow down presuming no other deals in the back end of the year.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. That's absolutely nothing forward, just trying to understand the plan. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take a followup from Mike Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Phillips: Oh yes, hey guys. Just real quickly, any impact you expect early on from and maybe next quarter's revenue for Services or Programs from Barry?
Powell Brown: Limited, the number of claims has been much lower than we thought Mike, and so we will have a modest impact. But it's not going to be an event like we thought it was going to be and with the amount of rain that occurred, we were surprised there weren't more claims. So that's where we are right now based on what we know.
Andrew Watts: Okay. Yes, Mike just, yes just Mike just for clarity, we don't model anything up. I mean, the volume of claims that we're getting, are really, really small. So we are not envisioning any real uptick at this stage in Q3 versus last year.
Mike Phillips: Okay, great, thanks.
Andrew Watts: Yes, sure. Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions on the phone, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: All right, Matt. Thank you and thanks for joining us. We look forward to talking to you next quarter at the end of our third quarter. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the first quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements, is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our first quarter 2019 earnings call. Im on Slide 3. For the first quarter, we delivered $619.3 million of revenue, growing 23.5% in total. Our organic revenues increased by 2% for the first quarter. Ill get into more details in a few minutes about the organic growth for each of our segments. Our EBITDAC margin was 31.8%, which is up 60 basis points versus 18. Our net income per share for the first quarter grew 25% to $0.40, as compared to the first quarter of 2018. During the quarter, we also completed eight transactions with annualized revenues of approximately $36 million. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss our financial results in more detail. Im now on Slide #4. Similar to what weve been experiencing for a number of quarters, the economy continue to expand in Q1 of 2019 with many of our customers investing in their business, hiring more people and growing organically. While overall premium rates remain competitive, during the first quarter, we did see some upward pressure in certain lines, including coastal property, both wind and earthquake, also in automobile employee benefits and general liability. The main line where were seeing rates consistently down across most regions is workers compensation. Most other lines of coverage are flat to up slightly 0% to 5%, with commercial auto up 7% to 10% As a result of losses over the past couple of years, theres a lot of discussion that risk barriers want to increase rates, most pronounced in the London markets. But were hearing this in other markets as well, where theres a lot of talk  while theres a lot of talk and desire for higher rates, theres still a lot of capital in the market. Therefore, we see some insurance companies tightening underwriting guidelines, but loss free accounts remain quite competitive. Were pleased with our investments in technology, innovation and new programs and were starting to realize some of the initial returns that we expected. Im on Slide 5. Lets talk about the performance of our four segments. In Retail, we delivered solid organic growth of 3.6% in Q1, with most lines of business growing through new business activity and growth on renewals of existing customers. Were pleased with the performance of all our new acquisitions in Q1. Hays positively impacted our margins and is performing in line with our expectations. Please remember, we expect higher revenues and margins in the first quarter due to the amount of employee benefits, combined with the new revenue recognition standard that went into effect last year, thats relative to Hays. During the quarter, we completed six acquisitions and realized approximately $95 million of year-on-year revenue growth from acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. Our National Programs segment decreased 2.3% organically. This was primarily impacted by less flood claims processing revenue, as compared to the prior year. We also experienced some headwinds in our lender-placed business due to the continued improving economy and some bank consolidations that are impacting our customers. Commercial and personal automobile continues to challenge all of our carrier partners. We have several programs that are auto-focused. Were watching our retention of existing business and new business closely. During the quarter, we realized good growth in our earthquake, all risk and wind programs just to name a few. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered organic revenue growth of 3.3%. This growth was impacted by renewal timing for a couple of larger accounts, where the accounts are renewing in Q2 and Q3 as opposed to Q1 and prior years. If those accounts have renewed in March like they did in 2018, our organic revenue growth would have been over 4.5%. Therefore, our organic growth will be slightly higher for wholesale in the second quarter. Our Services segment delivered organic revenue growth of 50 basis points for the quarter. As we mentioned during the year-end call, we expected lower claims in our social security advocacy business, resulting from the completion of advocacy work on a book of business in the prior year. Isolating this impact, the majority of businesses in the Services segment grew nicely. During the quarter, we completed an acquisition of a Medicare Set-Aside business that will be complementary to our existing NuQuest Medicare Set-Aside business. Overall, its a good quarter and were really pleased with our results. Let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell, and good morning, everyone. Consistent with previous quarters, Im going to discuss our GAAP results and then our adjusted results, excluding the impact of acquisition earn-outs. Im over on Slide #6. The slide presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the first quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 23.5% and organic revenue growth of 2%. Our income before income tax increased by 25.4% and our EBITDAC increased by 25.8%, both growing faster than revenues due to leveraging our expense base. Our net income increased by $23.1 million, or 25.4% to $114 million, and our diluted net income per share increased by $0.08, or 25% to $0.40. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 23.3%. Remember that the first quarter of each year we normally have a lower effective tax rate due to the tax benefit associated with the vesting of stock grants to our teammates. With our changing tax footprint by state and corresponding apportionment, we expect our state tax rate to be slightly lower. As a result of this last item, we are projecting our expected full-year effective tax rate to be in the 25% to 26% range versus our previous guidance of 26% to 27%. As a result of our share repurchases, weve been able to maintain a relatively flat weighted average number of shares outstanding, as compared to 2018. This is offsetting shares issued in connection with our equity programs and for the acquisition of Hays. Lastly, our dividends per share increased to $0.08, or 6.7% compared to the first quarter of 2018. Moving over to Slide #7. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. This approach provides a more comparable year-on-year basis. Since there were minimal changes to our estimated acquisition earn-outs for both years, our diluted net income per share increased by $0.01 for each quarter and therefore increased by 24.2% versus the first quarter 2018. Moving over to Slide #8. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 23.4% and our contingent commissions increased $3.6 million, as compared to 2018. Well give further clarity on contingent commissions later in my comments. This amount was impacted by recent acquisitions and instances where the final cash settlements were slightly higher than the amounts that we accrued in 2018. Our core commissions and fees increased by $113 million, or 23.2%. When we isolate the net impact of M&A activity, our organic revenues increased by 2%, driven by the items that Powell described earlier. Moving over to Slide #9. To provide additional insight into the components of our EBITDAC margin, weve included a walk through from 2018 to 2019. In summary, it was a quiet quarter, so there is not much to break out. Our margins were impacted negatively by 60 basis points due to the year-on-year change in the gains or losses on disposals of businesses. Hays positively impacted our margin by approximately 70 basis points for the quarter. This resulted from the higher revenues and margins in the first quarter, driven by the amount of employee benefits business and how revenues are realized within the new accounting rules. Well discuss the results of Hays in more detail later in the presentation. Other reflects the underlying margin improvement we experienced across our business, as we are beginning to realize some returns from our previous investments in teammates and technology and leveraging our expense base. This expansion was partially offset due to higher non-cash stock compensation cost. On the following slides, we presented the results of our four of our business segments. Were going to start on Slide 10 with the Retail segment. Our Retail segment delivered organic growth of 3.6% for the first quarter of this year and total revenue growth of almost 40%, driven by acquisition activity, contingent commissions and good organic revenue growth. As mentioned during the Q4 2018 earnings call, we expected the Retail division to have slightly lower organic revenue growth in the first quarter of this year, as compared to the second quarter of 2019 due to impacts of the new revenue standard in the prior year. While we did see this  the effect is  was less than anticipated due to higher incentive commissions received in 2019 for amounts earned and accrued in 2018. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter increased by 210 basis points, driven by higher contingent and supplemental commissions, the performance from Hays, leveraging our cost base and realizing some benefits from our previous investments. Our income before income tax margin declined by 120 basis points due to higher intercompany interest expense and amortization associated with our acquisition activity. Moving over to Slide #11. Our National Programs segment decreased 2.3% organically. This was driven by approximately $3 million decrease in flood claims processing revenue, as compared to the prior year, as well as some headwinds experienced in our lender-placed business. EBITDAC decreased $3.1 million, or 8.6%, primarily driven by lower organic revenues and decreased contingent commissions. Income before income taxes declined by 7.2%, primarily due to the decline in revenues, but was partially offset by lower intercompany interest expense. Moving over to Side #12. Our Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered organic revenue growth of 3.3% and total revenues increased 6.7% as a result of acquisitions completed within the past 12 months and an increase in contingent commissions. The EBITDAC margin increased to 190 basis points as a result of higher contingent commissions and leveraging organic revenues. Our income before income taxes increased faster than revenues due to the estimated acquisition earn-out payables that were recorded in the prior year. Over to Slide #13. Our Services segments organic revenue increased 50 basis points for the quarter, driven by growth in most businesses, but was substantially offset by lower social security advocacy claims. Total revenue growth is due to acquisitions that we completed in the last 12 months. From a margin perspective, EBITDAC grew slower than total revenues, due primarily to a gain on disposal in the prior year. Isolating the impact of the gain in the prior year, EBITDAC margins expanded nicely for the quarter. The lower growth for income before income taxes was driven by incremental intercompany interest charges associated with the acquisitions. Moving over to Slide #14. We wanted to provide an update on the Q1 performance of Hays, which is in line with our expectations. Consistent with our disclosure for larger acquisitions, we plan to provide quarterly updates on the performance of Hays through the end of the first year post-acquisition. Total revenue was in the expected range, while expenses were slightly better, primarily due to the phasing of expenses associated with ASC 606. Please remember that a larger portion of the annual revenue and profit will be recorded in the first quarter due to the higher percentage of employee benefits business. We continue to believe that Hays will deliver within the previously communicated full-year range of revenue and profit. Please refer back to the year-end earnings deck for the remaining quarterly estimates, which have not changed. A few other comments on the quarter and outlook. In order to term some of the borrowings for the Hays acquisition and further stagger our maturity ladder, we issued $350 million of 10-year public bonds, with a coupon of 4.5% in March. Were really pleased with this interest rate as we issued 10-year bonds in September 2014 at 4.2%. We also want to talk about our cash flow from operations this quarter, as there was a material movement as compared to what was generated last year in the first quarter. As reported, net cash provided by operating activities is $5.4 million for the first quarter of this year and was $79.5 million in the first quarter of 2018. There are two main drivers, which are timing in nature. The first relates to premiums payable to insurance companies, which decreased $56 million, as compared to the year-end balance. In the first quarter of 2018, the balance increased by $14 million. This represents a $70 million change in cash flow generation during the quarter. This account represents pass-through funds to risk barriers and therefore, we can have large swings in the balance based upon remittance to carriers during any one quarterly period, which weve realized movements like this in the past. The second item relates to the timing of working capital of settlements for recent acquisitions. This is temporary and well revert to normal timing over the next quarter or two. This timing negatively impacted our cash by about $30 million this quarter. Both of these items are timing and will reverse over the coming quarters. Therefore, we continue to feel comfortable that our industry-leading cash flow conversion ratio will remain over 20% for the full-year. While Q1 in total was a good year or was a good quarter for contingent commissions, we did see a $3 million decrease for National Programs. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of the year, as we know a certain contingent commissions that we will not qualify for in the back-end of the year. For the full-year, we are estimating our contingent commissions in National Programs should be down about $12 million to $14 million. The remaining decrease should be recognized about evenly over the remaining quarters. This decline will be substantially offset by growth in retail. We expect wholesale to be flat to down $2 million for the full-year 2019. For the full-year, we estimate contingent commissions for the company will be down about $2 million to $4 million, as compared to 2018. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, for a great report. As a diversified insurance broker, we have four distinct divisions that enable us to serve numerous customers across the United States and the world. There seems to be some excitement around possible rate changes. First, Id like to reiterate, theres a lot of capital out there chasing a finite number of risks, thus, we believe much of that rate pressure will be mitigated. There may be certain areas that see some more than others, but Im saying as a broad statement that we mitigated. Second, were believers and supporters in the U.S. economy and want to see expand further. However, were always watching for signs of a potential slowdown and then how that might impact our business. Third, we try to present a clear picture of our business to everyone, analysts and shareholders. Our interests are aligned with long-term investors. We know there will be peaks and valleys, but were investing for the long-term. There are acquisitions we could do, but choose not to because of the price or lack or not a cultural fit. Culture, its an intangible thing that makes some companies great and others average. As we cross the 10,000 teammate threshold, we think about how we cultivate and drive our culture as we move towards our next intermediate goal of $4 billion in revenue. To get there, we need to hire or acquire or some combination of the above around 10,000 more teammates. Its an  excuse me. Its an exciting time at Brown & Brown, and we have a lot of momentum. We have great teammates dedicating serving our customers. The acquisition pipeline is good. And finally, we know a balanced approach to organic growth and margin expansion will deliver long-term value creation and Q1 was a good start to the year. With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thanks a lot for all the commentary. They are very helpful and congrats on the quarter. I guess first question just want to drill down a little bit more on margin and thoughts there. I guess, the bottom line of the question is, do you think whats kind of an inflection going forward? Theres a couple of things that are possibly headwinds  some headwinds this year for margins. So maybe you can give little details on kind of the pluses and minuses about margins and kind of what you think going forward whether or not were actually at an inflection point? And Im not talking individual segments, just kind of corporate wide.
Powell Brown: Sure. All right. So, Michael, as you know, one, the margin is impacted by several things. One, the business is operating and more efficiently going forward, and thats a result of really high-quality teammates; and two, the acquisitions that we make, and if some of those are as slightly lower margins and then they continue to prove as theyre part of our team. So do you think were at an inflection point? We believe that we are without something that we dont see or know of today, thats number one. Number two, there are lots of opportunities for us to invest in our business. I know weve talked about this in the past. The biggest and  area or one of the most important areas is just new people, whether we hire them from another firm, we hire them from another industry, we bring them in, second would be M&A and third would be return to shareholders. That first bucket, we think theres going to continue to be lots of opportunity to hire high-quality people in the near to intermediate term, because theres lots of disruption in the industry and there are some people out there that have worked for firms that maybe they arent pleased with the new firms they want to work with. That does not mean were going out trying to hire a bunch of people from other firms. What it means is, there will be some high-quality people who become available in the next 12, 24, 36 months and how we invest in those people may also have short-term impact on margins. But long-term, its increasing the capabilities of the team and positioning us well for the future. Yes.
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Michael. Its Andy here. I would add a couple of things. Ill just remind you from our comments at year-end. I think the inflection point is spot on. That is pre the impact of Hays this year, because we said that Hays would have a negative impact on margins this year, so keep that in mind. And then the other piece we had talked about was the $8 million one-time adjustment that we recorded in the third quarter of last year in National Programs. And so those are kind of the two big items out there. And then, weve talked about the fact that were at full investment on where weve been with the technology, et cetera. So a lot of those headwinds are behind us and will slowly start to recognize benefits from those over the coming quarters.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thank you both very much. Thats helpful. I guess, second question and if a little bit more detail on some of the early commentary. You mentioned comp and I was just curious on  specifically on workers comp whether thats accelerated or decelerated in terms of the decrease in there from what you said last quarter. And then I believe you mentioned in your commentary that GL was up and I was wondering if you could provide a little more detail on where that is, the press or your slide deck mentioned professional lines is down, so what buckets of GL would be up? Thank you.
Powell Brown: So relative to workers compensation, there just continues to be pressure. This is a broad comment, so I dont think its so dramatic drastically different than it was in our last earnings call. So Id say its similar, but you should need to be aware that as youve been in the business as long as I have, weve seen that line of business be a very difficult line and now its seemingly more of a attractive line, which I think is really interesting. Liability, in terms of  there are some carriers out there that are trying to figure out or they actually making money in liability, long tail liability, not just short tail liability. And so with that, I would tell you that it could be any account, whether be a manufacturer of a product or exposure like habitational, we have apartments or anything in between, so you could have premises or products exposure. Carriers are reevaluating that. That does not mean, were seeing a high rate pressure. It is very spotty on certain accounts. So you might say like what. Well, if you look at certain habitational accounts, particularly in things that might be HUD housing or things that are tougher classes of business, there may be continued rate pressure or changes in the terms and conditions or both. But we just mention it, because there are people talking about it. Were not seeing rate increases sticking more broadly across the market as you might think based on the amount of chatter on it. Thats the important distinction.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Ill start with a pricing question or P&C pricing question. In the deck, it talks about upward pressure on certain lines watching reinsurance rates. Could you maybe help us understand if there are any nuances in your book in terms of if reinsurance rates do continue to hard in? Are you guys more lever that  to that than maybe other brokers? I believe you have more of a potentially a Florida component than others, and Im not sure if thats more in the wholesale or the retail. So maybe you could flush that out more?
Powell Brown: Okay. So as you know, if, in fact, you hear about and/or reinsurers are increasing pricing, that does not necessarily mean that, that price dollar for dollar or percentage for percentage will be pass-through by the primary carrier, thats number one. So the price, which is born in the marketplace is set by the marketplace, its not set by individual insurance carriers. There can be some that actually write a lot of a class of business and if, in fact, they change, that may trigger a change in others. But  so I dont want you to think that if you read about reinsurance rates going up x amount, that means that you should automatically assume that primary pricing is going to go up. Thats number one. Number two, as it relates to living in Florida, Mike, when I joined the team now 24 years ago, our concentration in Florida was, I think, it was 60% of our revenue. It was significantly different. So we do have a large retail presence here. We do wholesale business here. We do program business and services business here. Those areas that typically would be most impacted by, if youre asking about potential rate changes would be property-driven accounts in Florida. So we write a lot of habitational and other property across the State of Florida. However, were continuing to hear a lot of talk about it, as I referenced in my call  our comments from London and domestic carriers, but were not seeing it stick all the time. So I would caution you about trying to draw direct parallel and saying, Brown & Browns business, which is now maybe all in 10% or 15% of our revenue overall versus maybe 40%, 50%, 60% when I started at Brown & Brown is so heavily dominated in Florida. So therefore, if there is a change, its going to impact their business dramatically. I would caution you about that, number one. Number two. As it relates to us versus other brokers, we cant  I cant comment about their books of business. Although we want to and do write a lot of business in coastal areas, Texas, the Gulf Coast, Florida up and down the East Coast, we run a lot of quake in California, Oregon and Washington. And so having said that, were starting to see some pressure  slight pressure in earthquake on some of the bigger limits. As you know, its been a long time since weve had an earthquake of any magnitude and its not a question of if, its a question of when. So like I said, were trying to be cautious and manage your expectations about what other carriers are saying or brokers about the marketplace, because were just not seeing it yet in terms of pricing sticking.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, thats helpful. And a follow-up for Andy on the tax rate. I know there has been a lot of changes to the tax regime over the last couple of years. So just curious as, do you think 25% to 26% or maybe a 25%, 27% range is the kind of the new normal for thinking longer-term beyond 2019?
Andrew Watts: Hi, Good morning, Mike. Yes, 25% to 27% is probably a good range on it for the company. I think barring what happens down at the state level and if theres any modifications in their approach. But with our overall footprint today, it probably wouldnt move significantly thats out there.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning, everyone. A couple of questions.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Greg Peters: First of all, I guess it sort of dovetails with one of the earlier questions. But you talked about how, in your closing comments, about the opportunity to hire a bunch of new teammates. I look at your revenue and EBITDAC margins when youre at $1 billion and then compare it with where you were when you hit $2 billion of revenue, EBITDAC margins still industry-leading, but down 40  4%, 5% from what they were when you are smaller. When you think about getting bigger, do you think your margin profile is going to take another downward tick?
Powell Brown: Well, let me back up and say that, I think that we as an organization have continued to evolve as going from $1 billion to $2 billion, that means that we have additional capabilities to serve different segments of the marketplace. In some of those segments, the margin profile is a little different than what we were doing predominantly as a $1 billion company, thats number one. Number two, we have made investments and will continue to make investments in things like technology, which will help us scale the business on, as Andy said earlier, we believe were at a technology spend that is good now, but were always evaluating that. And that technology spend, as you know, is not just the infrastructure, but security. And so as we continue to look at the business, we have to continue to think about things that maybe we didnt think about as much when we were a $1 billion or $800 million company versus a $2.3 billion or $4 billion company on the way to $4 billion. So thats a long answer to saying based upon what we know today, Greg, and without an unknown event or events that we do not see coming, i.e., like cybersecurity, we think that the margin profile, assuming we make acquisitions that are similar going forward in next five to 10 years, we think the margin profile is going to be very similar. So I think it is obviously speculation on our part, because we dont know the opportunities that will be presented to us long-term. But as you know, we are focused on growing organically and growing our margins. So we can reinvest that money over time. So cash conversion is really important to us, so we can reinvest it in our team. So thats a long answer to your question.
Greg Peters: Well, I appreciate it, guys.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hey, Greg. A couple of other things just to keep in mind when you look back over time, keep in perspective whats happened with contingent commissions. As those move up and down sort of the margins in the organization and weve been on a downward trend over the past number of years just due to profitability on the carrier side, thats part of a cycle thats out there. Weve  we said publicly that we believe low-30s to mid-30, thats a really good range for our business. And if you look back over the last 10 years, weve been able to double the business and still stay north of 30%, thats really good. But to Powells point, cash conversion is what we think matters at the end of the day, because you cant count anything else other than cash. And the fact that we run north of 20%. We generally average somewhere around $0.23 of every dollars free cash flow, thats twice the average of the industry. Weve been able to do that for a really, really long time thats what drive our free cash flow yield.
Greg Peters: Great. I have two other questions on  another big picture question and then a small nitpicky question on a comment you guys made. So lets  the other would be around your benefits business. There has been a lot of news in healthcare in the last couple of months, one of your competitors, Willis, made a major move by buying TRANZACT and then, of course, entering the political environment and theres discussion about Medicare for all. And Im just curious about how you guys are thinking about your benefits business in the context of all these prevailing news items that are out there?
Powell Brown: Okay. So number one, just to give you kind of a background, about 34% of our Retail business is employee benefits, okay? Thats just to give everybody a baseline. Number one, we have small, medium and large accounts benefits business. Number two, if, in fact, you look at the number of uninsured people prior to ACA. Then during ACA and then in this period of continued change, its interesting to see that it was maybe 43 million people prior to ACA goes down to, I think, 28 million, Andy?
Andrew Watts: $29 million.
Powell Brown: 29 million and its kind of hovered in that 29 million person range right now. So having said that, we take the discussions very seriously. However, we believe that the financing of a Medicare for all would be, lets call it, cost-prohibitive. And theres probably a place for, we believe that theres absolutely a place for private insurance. And in doing so, if there is something that is drafted, i.e., ACA again or ACA 2.0, then there is going to be further complexity in that, which creates more demand, excuse me, for someone to interpret those rules and regulations and then giving customers solutions to address their healthcare costs. So having said that, we number one, watches very carefully. Number two, we believe that it is a  it sounds good to some people, but the reality and the application and the impact across multiple industries, i.e., just a hospital, any hospital that you would go to and how they would be paid versus private insurance. It has a huge impact and you may have seen those articles, there was one in the New York Times this weekend. Theres also a lot of discussion around Medicaid and  Medicare and social security and funding, i.e., there was an article in The Wall Street Journal this morning on that. And then how does that currently evolve and what will we as a country need to do in the next 10 to 15 years to address potential funding shortfalls. So long answer to the question. It grabs headlines and theres going to be a lot of discussion about it in the next year-and-a-half. And were going to hear a great deal of it right here in Florida, because we have a battleground state here. We believe there is some different solution if a D was elected or potentially if an R was elected or reelected.
Greg Peters: Okay. The other final question I had. In your comments, Powell, you mentioned the changes going on with profitability in the carrier market on round auto. And you said specifically, youre watching the retention of your auto-related businesses closely. Can you talk about where the size of your auto-related business is? Is it in the wholesale? Which segments its in? Just give us some additional color behind that comment?
Powell Brown: Sure. What I was trying to address, Greg, or what were trying to address is, remember, we have a couple of programs that are auto-focused. And that we have our  we have one market. We write on behalf of the market. And if, in fact, that market appetite changes or tightens dramatically, that could impact the revenue of that program. I was specifically, not exclusively, but I was specifically thinking about programs when I made that comment. Although we do wholesale some of that business and we also have some of that business in our retail. That comment was directed primarily at programs and several of our large auto-related program businesses.
Greg Peters: And so are you getting any indication from the carrier about their change in appetite?
Powell Brown: Well, we always have ongoing discussions around performance of the book and particular geographic areas and states and all that. And theres nothing that were aware of right now that is a dramatic change. Thats not what Im trying to signal. But all Im saying is, if, in fact, you believe some of the things that people write about companies, theres a discussion about reserves being underfunded. If, in fact, those reserves are partially attributed to auto books, then insurance companies might  somebody might come to you and say, "Hey, this is impacting our entire book. This is what we want to do. Were not aware of that right now. All Im saying is, it is  Im trying to say that it is possible that there could be some things that carriers do that were not aware of that would impact our auto book and specifically in service  in programs.
Greg Peters: Thank you for your answers.
Powell Brown: Absolutely.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. So a few questions. My first question. In terms of the Retail segment, some of your introductory comments you guys pointed to the fact that you had said that the Q1 would be weaker, but it did come in a little bit better. Is the comment  does the comment still holds true that the second quarter should be higher than the full-year average and the Q1 weaker, or is it going to be more kind of even throughout the year? Im just trying to tie together some of your comments from this quarters call and then last quarters call?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hi, good morning, Elyse. Its Andy here. Yes, I think the comment is still relevant to what we made at year-end. But with the first quarter coming in stronger than what we anticipated, that gap between Q1 and Q2 will not be as large as what we originally anticipated, okay? So just probably as you think about
Powell Brown: Slightly.
Andrew Watts: and so just probably up slightly from where we thought it would have been a little bit bigger gap before. But yes, still a little bit over the average or whatever average youre estimating for the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then the stronger Q1 growth was that partially due to  it seems like some type of timing related to 2018 business, or is it also that the growth was stronger partially reflective of a better economy, stronger exposure growth in pricing than you might have expected at year-end?
Andrew Watts: Yes, I think its a little bit of both. Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. And then a few numbers question. The first thing on Hays. You guys said that it was about in line with expectations for the first quarter. The margin was a little bit better, so you guys got about $0.02 more earnings this quarter than your guide. So is the right way to think that were going to see a $0.02 lower earnings in the back three quarters, or is the full-year earnings guide higher?
Andrew Watts: Yes, Elyse, we had estimated that the full-year would be $0.02 to $0.03 of contribution. And yes, we were a $0.02 higher this quarter. We had already given a projection that we said the second quarter would probably be down $0.01. We still think thats probably a good range. And then Q3 and Q4 were basically flat on earnings per share. It might be on the round. Now it may actually make a $0.01. We still think $0.02 to $0.03 is good. I mean, its a first quarter out. We just dont think were in a position where we would change a full-year outlook at this stage just because weve got phasing of the 606 inside that we like to see a couple of quarters under our belt to give us a better view.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. And on the contingents outlook, you guys said that it would be down about $2 million for the  $2 million to $4 million for the full-year. So does that mean that you guys are going to be down around $6 million, if my math is right around $6 million to $8 million in the back three quarters? And then why I guess, if the Q1 was stronger, why are you now looking for the back three quarters to be weaker relative to your prior guidance?
Andrew Watts: Yes, your math would be correct on that in the back-end of the year. So a couple of things that we made comments about is, we definitely had true-ups in the first quarter for contingents. And as a reminder, what we have to do on contingent commissions is, were projecting what we believe that were going to earn in the coming year that were going to collect in the following year. So we have to make our best estimate on those. So were almost always going to have some sort of adjustment primarily in the first quarter at least as we just get the final cash settlements, and so we saw those that came through. Then as we look into the back-end of the year in our commentary was primarily around National Programs. We definitely know there are some that we will not qualify for. Weve already been told by the carriers and, again, were going to have a fair amount of that will be offset by growth in retail. But thats a pretty good view based upon everything we know today.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. And then just one last quick numbers question. When you were talking about free cash flow, that 20% target, that as a percent of revenue. And then you guys didnt settle the remainder of your ASR this quarter. When can you settle that out until?
Powell Brown: Perfect. Yes. So when we talk about the 20%, that is a free cash flow conversion as a percentage of total revenues, okay? And then the ASR based upon kind of where we are at this stage, it will settle out here in the second quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks so much for all the color.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. Just another couple of questions on contingent commissions. First, in the Wholesale segment, can you walk us through your thoughts there? I would think that if contingent commissions arent improving or, in fact, are decreasing, it would suggest that the pricing action that were hearing about and some tighter terms and conditions arent necessarily manifesting themselves in better underwriting profits. Is that a fair way of thinking about that for the industry  the wholesale industry?
Andrew Watts: Yes, that would be a good way to think about it at a top level, Yaron. And thats really what  if you look back to the last three years in wholesale, weve seen a decline in our contingent commissions and its almost all entirely driven to profitability on the carrier side. So, again, while theres a lot of talks of trying to get some different rates and things of that nature, one, well see if that kind of really takes hold on a consistent basis. But then the question is, how long does it take to get back to an appropriate level of profitability to drive those contingents?
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then if I flip that question to the Retail segment, so why are you expecting stronger contingent commissions there? Is that purely a matter of growth in the segment, or do you expect better profitability?
Andrew Watts: No, thats primarily almost all driven by the acquisition activity.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Andrew Watts: Yes.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. The interest expense, Andy, how should we look at that directionally for the balance of the year?
Andrew Watts: Hey, good morning, Mark. Is  the guidance weve given at year-end, as we said, somewhere in the range of $66 million to $68 million. Based upon kind of current debt outstanding and presuming that interest rates dont do anything unusual. We still think thats a pretty good range. So while we issued the 10-year bonds in March, it wouldnt have a material movement on our full-year interest expense. And then, I guess, subject to, if we need to get more acquisition activity in any borrowings, but good for right now.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then in the National Programs business, any sense of pipeline when you look at the potential opportunities, new programs, carrier appetite. Is that  should that business grow faster than the overall Brown & Brown as a whole or in line little slower, how do you think?
Powell Brown: I think, Mark, it depends. What I would say is, there is a lot of interest in underwriting MGA, MGUs out there. So theres not as many acquisition targets with size, however you want to define that than there are in retail. So you have a more limited scope or space, number one. Number two, there are certain firms that are more interested in that business than other types of business, not just us. And so it depends on how the market evolves and the  thus, the profitability on the programs that we have in terms of the organic growth on those programs. Well just think about that. And then you have the idea of supplementing organic growth with limited or I wouldnt say limited, but a smaller pool of acquisitions if that culturally make sense financially. But were very interested in the space and we absolutely want to invest in it with the right firm. So were always looking for it.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, thank you for the short-term update on the cash flow items when you look out for. If Im thinking longer-term on the difference between your cash flow and your net income, obviously, depreciation and amortization is a big item in there. What should I be paying attention to if Im trying to figure it out over a multi-year basis?
Andrew Watts: Good morning, Josh. Yes, those would be the two main items inside of there. I mean, if you look at our net income or our pre-tax income, it generally runs in the range of about a 23% to 24%. And so thats kind of  weve got the fully loaded. Thats just kind of a metric that we look at all the time as an organization. And then it depends upon the nature of the transactions that we do and the amount of valuation attributed to amortizable intangibles. But you can get a pretty good runoffs over time.
Joshua Shanker: Over any materially longer than one-year period of time, should there be any real difference in the growth rate between your net income and your free cash flow?
Andrew Watts: Nope, I dont think so. Im just kind of thinking through your question here. Theres no  not a  should not be a significant amount. I think the one piece to keep in mind is the non-cash stock compensation. Thats probably the one bigger item thats out there.
Joshua Shanker: And I was going to get to that item. And as you get bigger and theres the hunt for better talent. I know you train your own people. Does the incentive structure change that you have to offer better benefits and maybe in an ownership awards to your employees that increases the percentage of non-cash comp thats a weight on free cash flow?
Powell Brown: Well, Josh, its Powell. As you know, we believe we have an ownership culture already. And we do some of that already for our teammates. So there are ways for people to buy stock at a discount, invest in the stock if they sort of choose through the 401(k) and get equity grants based upon growing their books of business or running large businesses and the company overall performing well. So its something that we constantly and consistently think about to drive a desired behavior. But at the present time, its not as though we think theres going to be some dramatic shift in our rewards program a year or three years from now. We believe that its going to kind of grow in line with what were doing. There might be some things that we havent thought of or would be new that we would think about how we use non-cash stock comp, but at the present time, no.
Joshua Shanker: Okay, Thank you for all the answers. I appreciate it.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Meyer Shields of KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. One brief numbers question to start. You mentioned that there was some wholesale organic growth that was basically pushed out to the second and third quarters. Did the expenses associated with that come in the first quarter or should we expect the expenses to be deferred as well?
Andrew Watts: No. Good morning, Meyer, its Andy here. Is  most of the costs were born during the first quarter. The movement around would not have a material impact on the margins.
Meyer Shields: Okay. So
Andrew Watts: Yes.
Meyer Shields: that sounds like good news for coming quarters. So youve got the  I find it very helpful, the waterfall to the EBITDAC margin. I was hoping you could drill a little bit deeper into that benefit sort of categorized as other, because it sounded. I just want to make sure I understand. It sounds like thats a sustainable function of recent investments. Were there any one-time positive or negative issues within that category?
Andrew Watts: No and no real unusual one-time items. I think, our comments was a relatively quiet quarter. So I guess, thats always a good thing compared to our previous quarters, where weve had a number of items that we walk through. But no, its just it really comes down to leveraging our expense base with the revenue growth. It seems some of the margin expansion associated with the previous investments and again, those will be just slight as we continue to move forward over time. Then theres  this is a piece thats may be hard to fully get your arms around. Theres also business mix inside of the organization. So not all businesses are the same profitability, so depending upon how they move back and forth does have a  have an impact on us. So again, it was  overall, it was a good quarter, but that  the growth that we had there still offset the non-cash stock comp. So it was a really good quarter for us. Were pleased.
Meyer Shields: Yes, fantastic. Thats helpful. And then final question. Is it  you talked about adding another 10,000 teammates, obviously, no short-term timeframe for that, at least, on what I saw. Is it more expensive? When you go through like the second cohort of 10,000 employees, is it more expensive to maintain the Brown & Brown culture than it was for the first 10,000?
Powell Brown: Thats an interesting question. I think the answer would be directly related to how those 10,000 new teammates are onboarded. So if we hire them in groups and bring them into individual offices and train them up and launch them in their careers, we do that all the time. If we do an inordinately high amount of that in acquisitions, we do acquisitions all the time, too. But right now, I dont think so based upon how weve done the last $1 billion. But Ill be able to tell you better when we get there.
Meyer Shields: Okay, Ill ask then.
Powell Brown: Yes. You hear a lot in our commentary about specifically on M&A that culture is one of the most important things that we focus upon. And so if we continue with our disciplined approach and making sure that those organizations that come join our team match on culture, it will make it much easier to sustain that process.
Meyer Shields: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Good morning. Thanks. Hays obviously is very strong benefits to organization. What did they  I guess, what expertise do they bring to the table that you didnt really have? And how quickly can you roll that out to the rest of the organization?
Powell Brown: They have a lot of strong capabilities in the middle and large employee benefits space. So I would say that 500 lives and up and that is already occurring right now.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then as far as Hays, what prospect as you go down the road in year two, year three to get the margin up at that organization?
Powell Brown: They have done an exceptional job of bringing high-quality talented people onboard. Some of those people were investments just like we make investments in people early in their careers, where there was not a margin. It was in a  more of an expense as opposed to a revenue positive and a margin positive. Those people will continue to add to a positive margin over time. We believe that there will be some upward increase in their margins. Remember, weve said that Hays because of the way their business is structured is not going to be margin profile of middle market, but it will be somewhere slightly less, thats what we said periodically.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thank you.
Powell Brown: And then, Kevin, we  if theres anybody else left in the queue, well take one final question, okay?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Here we go. All right. Thank you all very much, and have a wonderful day. Well look forward to talking to you next time. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in this slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws, actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those release issues yesterday other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified in those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements, is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin sir.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Bryce. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Before we get into the performance of the quarter, wed like to welcome all of our new teammates that joined us this quarter from recent acquisitions. We definitely had a busy quarter adding almost 800 new teammates and acquiring five businesses with approximately $227 million of annualized revenue. The largest deal we completed in the quarter and in our history was the Hays companies and it closed effective November 15. Were excited about the additional talent and capabilities these acquisitions bring to our customers and to our team. Im now on slide four. Now, lets get into results for the fourth quarter. We delivered 508.7 million of revenue growing 7.3% in total. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, our total revenues for the quarter grew 8.6%. Our organic revenues decreased by 2.1% for the fourth quarter, which was driven by the significant claims processing revenue we recognized in Q4 of 2017 associated with Hurricane Harvey and Irma. Isolating this impact, our organic revenue growth would have been over 3%. I will get into more detail in a few minutes about the organic growth for each segment. Our EBITDAC margin was 28.1%, which is down 210 basis points versus 2017, and it was primarily impacted by the claims revenue recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017, and the new revenue standard in 2018. Andy will discuss the detailed movements of our margins later. Our net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.26 versus $0.66 in the fourth quarter of 2017. Remember that our EPS for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2017 was impacted by the one-time benefit of $0.43 associated with tax reform. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the one-time tax benefit, the change in acquisition earn-out and the new revenue standard, our earnings per share was $0.27, which is an increase of 12.5% as compared to 2017. Im now on slide five. Were pleased with our full-year performance as we surpassed $2 billion in total revenues for the first time. This is a significant milestone for Brown & Brown. It was seven short years ago that we crossed the $1 billion threshold, a lot of positive changes and improvements on our company since then. This is a result of all the efforts of our outstanding team of almost 10,000. For the year, we grew total revenues over 7% and experienced organic revenue growth of 2.4%. Please remember, Q4 2018 was negatively impacted by a significant amount of claims revenue recorded in Q4 2017. Isolating the year-on-year variance in claims activity, we would've grown organically approximately 4% for the full-year. Our EBITDAC margin was 30.6 and our net income per share for the full-year 2018 decreased to 122 from 140 in 2017, almost entirely driven by one-time tax adjustment I mentioned earlier and the nonrecurring claims processing revenue. On an adjusted basis, which excludes the one-time tax benefit, change in acquisition earn-outs and the new revenue standard, net income per share increased by 23% to $1.18. For the full year, we closed 23 transactions with approximately $323 million of annualized revenue by far a largest year ever for acquisition activity. In regards to acquisitions, 2018 was one of those years that everything seemed to work out for the Brown & Brown team. Were really pleased to have completed at least one acquisition in each of our four segments last year, another first for our company. Lastly, we would like to extend a huge thank you to all of our teammates that supported our acquisition activity. It was a busy year and our success would not have been possible without their significant efforts. In 2018, we grew the top and bottom line nicely. We added talented teammates, increased our capability to serve our customers, invested in technology, and continued to invest in our teammates. Our performance is the direct result of the incredible effort and dedication that our team strives to achieve each day for our customers. Later in the presentation, Andy, will discuss our financial results in more detail. On slide six, the economy during the fourth quarter continued to expand with exposure units increasing across most industries and geographies as our customers continue to invest in their businesses. Were seeing a lot of construction going on around the country and there's a general shortage of qualified labor for many industries. Rates for most lines remain generally flat. The exceptions continue to be commercial automobile, which is up 3% to 7% or more depending upon the loss experience and almost all employee benefits accounts continue to experience rate increases. Workers compensation continues to be down in the 1% to 3% range in many states across the country. Coastal property rates for the quarter remain generally flat with some downward pressure on the best accounts and upward pressure on those with poor loss experience. We made a lot of progress this past year and are pleased with the investments in our core commercial program as well as our technology investments related to both core infrastructure and innovation. Now on slide seven. Lets talk about the performance of our four segments. Retail segment delivered solid organic growth of 3.5% in Q4 with most lines of business growing through solid new business activity. During the quarter we completed five acquisitions and realized approximately $44 million of year-on-year revenue growth from acquisitions. For the year, we delivered 3% organic revenue growth which represents continued incremental improvement over prior years. As weve discussed before, while its good to look at the quarter as we believe the real measure is the full-year results and 2018 was another year of improvement. Over the past four years, we are pleased with the continual improvement from 1.4% organic revenue growth in 2015, then increasing to 1.9% in 2016, then 2.9% in 2017, and 3% for 2018. Our national programs segment decreased 14% organically. This was driven by approximately a $20 million decrease in claims processing revenues as compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Isolating this change, our national programs segment would have delivered positive organic revenue growth of just over 1%. A number of our programs performed well, most notably our earthquake and all risk programs, but we had some experiencing changes in carrier risk appetite that resulted in decreased performance year-over-year. For the full year, our organic revenue was about 1% negative, which was impacted by lower year-over-year claims processing revenues. Isolating this change, we would have delivered positive organic growth of over 4%. So, it was a good year for national programs segment. Our wholesale brokerage segment delivered organic revenue growth of 3.4% for the quarter driven by expansion in all lines of business. This is down versus prior quarters the prior quarter of last year, which is consistent with the past three years that we had lower organic growth in the fourth quarter due to the amount of new and renewal business in the quarter. For the full year, were very pleased with the organic growth of 5.7% for our wholesale brokerage segment. Our services segment organic revenue decreased by 3.3% for the quarter driven by claims processing revenues recorded in Q4 2017 as result of Hurricane Harvey and Irma. Isolating these claims revenue in the services segment experience strong organic revenue growth of approximately 7% for the quarter driven by new business, isolating the decreases in claims processing revenues our full-year organic revenue growth would be approximately 6%. When we look back on the year were pleased with the performance and the acquisition activity of our four segments. Now, let me turn over to Andy who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning everybody. Consistent with previous quarters were going to discuss our GAAP results and then our adjusted results excluding the impacts of acquisition earn-outs, the impact of the new revenue standard and the impact of the fourth quarter 2017 reevaluation of our deferred tax liabilities that Powell mentioned earlier. As a reminder we have exclude the impact of the new revenue standard for calculation of organic growth in order to provide a better comparison of 2017. Moving on slide number eight, this presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the fourth quarter we delivered total revenue growth of 7.3% and with organic revenues declining 2.1%. The decrease in organic revenue is a result of the claims processing revenues recorded in the fourth quarter 2017. Isolating these revenues are organic revenue growth would've exceeded 3%. Our income before income taxes decreased by 5.3% and our EBITDAC declined by 10 basis points, both of which were negatively impacted this quarter by the new revenue standard and the claims processing revenue we realized in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our net income declined by $114 million or 60.8% to $73.5 million and our diluted net income per share decreased by $0.40 or 60.6% to $0.26 versus $0.66 in the fourth quarter of 2017. The one-time deferred tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 was $120 million or $0.43 of earnings per share. During our third quarter earnings call we estimated the impact of the new revenue standard for the fourth quarter of 2018 to negatively impact revenues by $3 million to $7 million and the pretax income impact to be in the range of zero to negative 5 million. For the quarter the actual revenue impact was a negative $6 million and the pretax impact was a negative $4.5 million. Net income and diluted net income per share were impacted by the one-time benefit of tax reform recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the lower claims processing activity. Our weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased approximately 930,000 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2017, this was driven primarily by the share repurchases we initiated in the fourth quarter of 2017 and we completed in the first quarter of 2018. During the fourth quarter of 2018 we also initiated a $100 million accelerated share repurchase program. This is expected to offset the dilution associated with the Hays acquisition. As we discussed before we still intend to repurchase shares periodically in 2019 to manage the share creep associate with our equity plans. Our goal is to generally keep our share count flat. Lastly our dividends per share increased by $0.08 or 6.7% compared to 2017. Moving over slide number nine. This slide presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-outs payables for both years. The one-time tax revaluation adjustment record in the fourth quarter 2017 and the impact of the new revenue standard in 2018, this approach provides a more comparable basis. For the quarter our revenues increased by 8.6%, income before income tax decreased by 1.4% and EBITDAC increased by 3.1%. The lower EBITDAC growth rate was primarily due to the claims processing revenues in 2017 and increased non-cash stock compensation cost in 2018. In a few slides we'll talk more about the components of our margin change year-over-year. The lower growth rate for income before income taxes was driven by incremental interest and amortization associated with the acquisitions we completed during the year. Our net income grew by 14.9% and diluted net income per share was $0.27 growing by 14.9%. Both of these metrics benefited from our lower federal income tax rate which was 27% for the fourth quarter as compared to 37.3% for the fourth quarter of 2017. Moving over to slide number 10. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 7.3% as compared to 2017. Our contingent commissions increased to $9.1 million as compared to 2017, which was driven almost entirely by the adoption of the new revenue standard. As a reminder we now recognize contingent commissions throughout the year upon the effective dates of the underlying policies rather than when received per our previous treatment. Guaranteed supplemental commissions were down 800,000 year-over-year and were not impacted by the adoption of the revenue standard. Our core commissions and fees increased by $26 million or 5.6%. When we isolate the impact of the new revenue standard and the net impact of M&A activity our organic revenue growth declined 2.1%.  As noted earlier this growth rate was materially impacted by lower claims processing revenues of approximately $24.5 million, isolating this revenue our organic growth rate would've been approximate 3%. Well move over to slide number 11 to provide some additional insight and the components for our EBITDAC margin we've included a walk-through of our quarterly EBITDAC margin from 2017 to 2018 and highlighted the main drivers. The acquisition of Hays negatively impacted our margin by about 10 basis points for the quarter and this is in line with our expectations. Keep in mind this only represents 45 days of operations with the acquisition effective November 15th. Later in the presentation well provide additional information regarding the quarterly numbers for Hays in 2019. During the quarter we realized about a 30 basis point impact to our margins as non-cash stock compensation costs have increased due to the incremental financial performance and higher retention of teammates. The new revenue standard negatively impacted our margin for the quarter by 50 basis points. Other reflects the significant year-over-year decrease in claims processing revenue which more than accounts for the margin decline year-over-year. We also had some one-time items, the most significant being performance-based bonuses for certain businesses. On the following slide we presented the results of our business segments on an as reported basis as well as excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. Weve include a reconciliation by segment in the appendix. Lets go ahead and start with retail which is on slide 12. For the fourth quarter our retail segment delivered total revenue growth of $39 million or 17%. When excluding the negative impact of the new revenue standard of $12 million total revenues increased by $51 million or 22.3% and we delivered 3.5% organic revenue growth. Total revenues benefited primarily from the acquisitions we completed over the past 12 months that contributed $44 million of incremental revenue. Overall it was a good quarter for our retail segment. When excluding the $6 million impact of the new revenue standard our EBITDAC for the quarter grew by $13 million and our margin declined by 40 basis points. This decline was driven by increased inter-company allocations for technology as well as our investment to upgrade our agency management systems and as we mentioned earlier increase non-cash stock-based compensation cost as our equity plans are performing higher-than-expected resulting in incremental cost. These two items more than offset the underlying margin expansion from leveraging our revenues during the quarter. The growth in income before income taxes was impacted by higher intercompany interest expense and amortization for acquisitions we completed during the year. Moving over to slide number 13; for the quarter revenues for our national program segment decreased by 12.5% and organic revenues declined by 14%, the revenue decline was due to significantly lower year-over-year claims processing activity of approximately $20 million as well as a $2 million impact from the new revenue standard. These items more than offset other organic growth and revenues from acquisitions. Without this decrease in claims activity organic revenues wouldve been slightly over 1%. Income before income taxes declined by 38.8% primarily due to the lower claims processing revenues, the new revenue standard and was partially offset by lower intercompany interest expense. EBITDAC excluding new revenue standard decreased $15.7 million or 27% primarily due to the lower claims processing revenues, the finalization of year-end bonuses, calculations associated with the performance of certain programs and incremental non-cash base compensation cost. Over to slide number 14. The impact of the new revenue standard on the wholesale segment was about $1 million for both revenues and EBITDAC. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard the wholesale brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 3.7% and organic revenue growth of 3.4%. Our EBITDAC margin excluding the new revenue standard decreased 190 basis points for the quarter. The decrease was impacted by lower contingent commissions, higher intercompany technology allocations and increase non-cash stock-based compensation cost. Our income before income tax margin excluding the revenue standard decreased by 60 basis points, impacted by the same factors contributing to the EBITDAC margin change but benefiting from lower acquisition earn-out liability expense and intercompany interest expense. The services segment delivered 19% total revenue growth and excluding a $6 million impact for the new revenue standard total revenues grew 5.3% primarily driven by an acquisition we completed in the third quarter of 2018. Our organic revenue declined 3.3% driven by lower year-over-year weather-related claims processing activity. This decline was about $4.5 million and its claims volumes were consistent year-over-year organic revenue growth wouldve been about 7% as most businesses continue to grow. For the quarter our EBITDAC excluding the new revenue standard increased 6.8% and margins expanded by 30 basis points due to leveraging our higher revenue growth. The lower growth for income before income taxes were driven by intercompany interest charges for the acquisition of the third quarter. On slide number 16, we presented our GAAP results for the full-year 2018 and 2017. For 2018 we delivered $2,014,000,000 of revenues, growing 7% and earnings per share of $1.22. For the year we also decreased our total outstanding shares by approximately 2 million. Over to slide number 17. Due to all the moving parts and difficulty with comparability we presented on this slide certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial highlights. For the full year 2018 we adjusted for the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables and the new revenue standard. For the full year 2017 we adjusted for the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables, the legal settlement we had in the first quarter and the one-time impact of the tax reform we realized in the fourth quarter. Since these are non-cash or nonrecurring and can increase or decrease by year we believe it's helpful to evaluate the business excluding them. For the year our total revenues grew 7.2% or $134 million and our organic revenues grew 2.4%. Isolating the year-over-year decrease in claims processing revenues of $24.5 million our organic revenue growth would be an approximate 4% or $70 million, which is a really good year for Brown & Brown. Our EBITDAC grew by 2.1% and was impacted primarily by the 2017 claims processing revenue, our investment in the core commercial program as well as additional non-cash stock compensation expense. Income before income taxes grew by 2% due to higher interest and amortization related to the acquisitions we completed this year. Our net income grew by 22% and earnings per share increased by $0.22 or 23% to a $1.18 as compared to 2017 benefiting from the lower federal tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2018 team was 25.6% decreasing from 38% in 2017. Over to slide number 18; this slide presents the quarterly and full-year impact of the new revenue standard. In connection with the implementation of the new revenue standard we now record certain of our revenues in the services segment on a gross basis. For the full-year 2018 the total impact of this change was an increase to core commissions and fees of $10 million and other operating expense of $10 million. As a reminder in the third quarter we recorded $8 million nonrecurring adjustment to revenue and income within the national program segment. Isolating the one-time impact our full-year income before income tax benefit would have been approximately $8 million to $9 million. Please take both these items into consideration in your modeling for 2019. Moving over to slide number 19 wed like to provide some additional information regarding the anticipated annual performance for Hays. We continue to believe that Hays will deliver $210 million to $220 million of annual revenues, $47 million to $53 million of EBITDAC and diluted net income per share of $0.02 to $0.03 for 2019. The chart shows our current view of the estimated quarterly phasing and incorporates the impact of the new revenue standard, similar to what we expected for the remainder of Brown & Brown. Hays will have a significant shift of revenues and profit into the first quarter due to the high percentage of employee benefits business. Please take this quarterly phasing into account when you build your models for 2019. We got some closing comments regarding outlook on few items. Lets see the first one. Keep in mind our previous comments about our lender placed business within national program segment as were anticipating material headwinds due to the continued improving economy and bank consolidations that are impacting our customers. We expect continued pressure into 2019 and believe this business could decline anywhere from $2 million to $4 million in 2019. This is in addition to the $8 million one-time new revenue standard adjustment we called out in the third quarter of 2018. Were expecting revenues to be under pressure within our services segment due to lower claims for our social security advocacy business, resulting from the completion of advocacy work on a book of business. We realized about $8 million to $9 million of revenues in 2018 that we do not expect to recur in 2019. Due to the fact the retail segment had the most impact of the new revenue standard. We want to remind everyone that our organic revenues may fluctuate by quarter, therefore we would anticipate the first quarter of 2019 to be lower than the average for the full-year and then higher in the second quarter versus the average for the full-year. As weve discussed over the past two quarters our stock compensation costs has been increasing as a result of higher performance of certain grants. We expect this trend to continue into 2019 and anticipate non-cash stock compensation costs could increase three to $5 million. Interest expense should be in the range of $66 million to $68 million for 2019 and amortization should be in the range of $100 million and $102 million for 2019. Both estimated interest expense and amortization are excluding any additional acquisitions or borrowings that may occur in 2019, so you need to make your own assumptions regarding these items. We expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 27% for the full-year 2019 as a result of various state tax law changes and the geographic mix of our acquisitions completed throughout the year. Let me turn it now -- I'll turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. I wanted to make a clarification. The dividend increased to $0.08 [ph], an increase of 6.7%. And I know you know that. In closing, we have really good momentum across the company and feel great about our business. I want to thank first and foremost our 10,000 teammates for all their contributions in 2018 to help grow our company and serve our customers and also for everything theyll do in 2019. We remain optimistic about the economy, but as I mentioned earlier I think there's a reasonable possibility, the economy may slowdown in the second half of 2019 or in early 2020 and something that we watched very closely and well keep you posted if and when we see that. We talked about premium rates earlier in the call and would say we don't expect any material changes in premium rates in 2019. Theres still a lot of capital out there that will keep pressure on rates and we just don't see them moving up. We feel really good about our acquisition activity in 2018 as we talked about. And today as I usually say, our pipeline is good. It's been that way for the past few years and were actively talking with the lot of people. We will remain disciplined in our approach as you've heard me say before when and why someone sells is different for each party, but were always out talking to people and when that time comes we would like to be considered particularly if there's a cultural fit. As weve said in the past one of the most important things we can do is invest in our teammates. Were proud to announce that we're setting aside $25 million to help fund an education program for our teammates and their dependents. The interest income from this money will be used to fund tuition reimbursements, student loan repayments and scholarships for dependents of teammates. This new program will commence this year in 2019 and is something we expect to continue going forward. We believe this program will be great benefit and motivator for our teammates. Our goal is continue to grow the top line and the bottom line and do this in a disciplined manner. In 2019 we expect to generate over $500 million in cash. Again, something were very proud of. Our capital deployment philosophy is to invest this money into acquisitions, return it to our shareholders, pay down our debt and invest to where appropriate in our businesses. We will do this prudently with the objective of driving long-term shareholder value. With that, let turn it back over to Bryce to start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And well take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. My first question, going back to some of your outlook comments, you Andy, pointed to organic growth in the first quarter due to rev rec being lower than the full-year number. My assumption was because rev rec went in place in 2018, it wouldnt impact comparison. So, just a little confused there. And then was that a comment with the first quarter growth being lower than the full year? Was that just specific to retail or was that a consolidated company comment?
Andrew Watts: Hi. Good morning Elyse. Good question. Let me take the last one, and Ill come to the first. The comment was associated with just retail, and as we look out to 2019 and just the implementation of rev rec, theres going to be some noise between the first and second quarter, so thats why our comment was -- whatever you anticipate the full-year organic to be, the average in the first quarter will be a little bit lower and will be higher in the second quarter, so its just kind of a waiting.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of retail, sticking there for a minute, you guys saw little bit of a nice uplift in the fourth quarter sequentially from the third quarter. I know the last quarter youd said, new business was a little bit lighter Powell, and I believe you kind of thought it would just be a one-quarter situation. Can you just comment about new business and retention trends within your retail segment that you saw in the fourth quarter?
Powell Brown: Sure. Well, remember Elyse, as weve talked about, we dont think  we dont look as much at quarterly results. We look at the yearly results overall as a kind of a barometer to success. And so, we had a good quarter in Q4. We always like to write more new business, but we wrote a good amount of new business and weve done a nice job in retaining our clients as well. But we're very pleased with the 3.5% organic growth for the quarter. And as I said -- as I've referred back to the prior four years, I just look at the trend 1.4%, 1.8%, 2.9%, 3.0%. That's how I look at it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And then one just -- one last question on margins. When we bring together some of your comments about some of the headwinds you're expecting in some of your business, and then, it does look like retail should show stronger growth, but what I guess I'm wondering about is can you talk us through the five items that you might call out when you when we talk to the margin build for 2019? Obviously, Hays will be a drag and as you give us numbers can you kind of talk to the other buckets as we think about the consolidated margin we should expect in 2019?
Powell Brown: Yes. So Elyse, coming back to some of the comments we've made. So, yes, you're correct. On Hays and the guidance that we've given, so make sure you incorporate that. Keep in mind, our comment about the $8 million adjustment that we recorded in the third quarter of 2018. Again, that will not recur, so that will be an impact. And then think about also the guidance that we've given on services, and then also keep in mind the stock comps. So those are the primary ones. Okay? No other items.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one just last quick question. Was there a couple million of flood-related revenue in the fourth quarter of 2018 or to kind of on I guess $22 million in programs last year -- 20 million was the delta. Was there about 2 million that came through this year?
Andrew Watts: Yes. It was  yes, about $1.5 million, $2 million. Not a lot. It was really small.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Kai Pan. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. I would like to follow-up on both questions Elyse has asked. First on the organic growth, so you have seen like sequential year-over-year improvements in the retail segment. Your overall organic growth for the company is 4% in 2018. So, will we see better than 4% in 2019 or the other factors like in the national programs or service would sort of like a -- would weigh down that a bit in 2019?
Powell Brown: Good morning Kai. Thanks for the question. As you know, we've talked, we don't give organic growth guidance. We have always said in our business both the overall business and even in retail that we believe it's a low-to-mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. So, the answer is weve got some positive things gone and we're going to have some headwinds too, and it's going to all work out in the end, but we're not going to give you -- we're not going to say like some others. This is what our organic growth is going to be for the year.
Andrew Watts: Kai, what we would suggest on this one is definitely do your projections by segment, don't use kind of just a blanket percentage because you'd be -- more than likely, you would end up getting a very different answer, because the performance in each other will be different in 2019 based upon the guidance that we've given.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thank you for that. And then follow-up on the margin question, I wanted to drill bit down into details. So you have  Hays headwind, I estimate its probably about a 70 basis point because they add 10% revenue to your overall and their margin is about 7 points lower than yours. And the -- I just want to make sure my math is correct?
Andrew Watts: Yes. The guidance that we gave back on the third quarter as we said it would be around 100 basis points. So somewhere in that range, depending upon if we're on the higher or lower end of the guidance that we've given.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then the comp expense, non-stock comp. There had been a drag actually in 2018 as well. So is 2019, there will be further drag or the drag will be actually less, so it will be incrementally a positive factor for your margin overall?
Andrew Watts: Yes. So the guidance that we gave on it is, it will be an incremental expense year-over-year of another $3 million to $5 million in 2019.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then the last items on the margin side. Were you getting  I was assuming the IT investment area had core programs is -- it will be accretive in 2019. Would that be like a significance that more than offset this IT factor we mentioned earlier?
Powell Brown: No. It wouldnt. I think those programs as we mentioned during the commentary is they are progressing along in accordance with plan. If you go back to our previous decks that we've talked about, they are progressing along. But no, they would not be enough to offset the other items.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Peters with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning. I wanted to touch base on a couple of the -- I guess, you can call them legacy initiatives considering it's been over a year now, specifically around the 5 for 5 in the tech spend. With retail accelerating growth as you pointed out Powell do you feel like the 5 for 5 has started to have an impact there? Or do you expect it to yield better results in 2019 and 2020? I know you don't give organic growth. And then  and same comments around the tech spend and then with Hays  just with Hays coming on board, will there be incremental dilution from 5 for 5 or tech spend as it relates to the integration of Hays?
Powell Brown: Okay. So the first thing you're asking about Greg, we call the producer incentive plan and the producer incentive plan is working in line with exactly what we thought it was going to do. So we're pleased with the results. And every year we look at how it's operated and we've been very pleased since inception with its results. So, we think that's a positive going forward. You talked about the tech spend and I think that tech, its an important point to make is we don't believe that there's going to be an additional or additional moneys in the tech spend that we're aware of or that are known. And what I mean by that is as you know there are certain states that are imposing cyber security or and/or cyber guidelines which may in fact actually increase that spend at some time in the future that we're not aware of to be in compliance. So you've heard us talk and others probably talk about the New York, the DFS regulations and compliance in New York, if you do business -- any of your businesses do work in New York State, that's an example. But as it relates to Hays the short answer is relative to the incentive plan and/or the tech spend we believe that their expenses anticipated are actually reflected in the guidance that we gave last year and Andy just reiterated.
Greg Peters: Great. Thank you for that color. I know you in your opening comments or your prepared remarks talked about the M&A pipeline. Given what's happened in the markets I suppose in the last half of 2018 and with the tax law change, I'm wondering if you've seen any sort of change in the appetite from private equity on M&A in your space? Or if you've seen any impact on multiples as you consider  as you look across your pipeline?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Well, first of all, I think it's as competitive as it's ever been. So that's not -- that hasn't changed. The last count and it seems like there's always somebody new considering getting in, but there's somewhere between 28 and 30 private equity backed firms. And typically what we see when we're involved in these transactions and this is not new, Greg, is usually there are a group of firms that are involved on a pretty constant and consistent basis and you can many times throw a blanket over kind of the group of the offers there and then it comes down to cultural fit and how that might work. Having said that, periodically in those instances you have one outlier and that outlier might be a new private equity firm coming in or them buying into a new part of the country or they do something that just doesn't seem to make sense to us and/or the rest of the group seemingly based on the offers that are given. But I think the most important thing is cultural fit and we always talk about that. But there's a there's a lot of firms that -- the thing that I would say that's a little continues to amaze me is at the end of the day private equity can give an offer within like 30 minutes and just throw it out on the table and that's not the way we operate. And we think a lot about the cultural fit and the talent and the people and there are a lot of talented firms out there that wouldn't fit culturally with us and we wouldn't fit with them. And so we want to know that up front. And so we spend a lot of time on vetting that process more than anything else. And then ultimately if there's a cultural fit we usually think that we have a pretty good shot of doing the transaction. But it amazes me when you're just putting things together with baling wire and chewing gum that they just -- they put offers out there with boom, boom boom, boom, boom, so it's very interesting. It's just -- it's different from an operator standpoint to a financial consolidator, that's what I would say.
Greg Peters: That's entertaining commentary. Thank you. I was just looking at the cover of your press release and on the cover and I know there's different accounting basis, but it does point out that your commission and fees were in excess of 2 billion for 2018. And I distinctly remember years ago when you launched and rolled out the 2 billion target. What's your new target? And what's  and have you established that yet?
Andrew Watts: Well, the answer to the question is we have but it's a secret. And so, we will roll that out probably at the end of the Q1 because we are galvanizing all of our teammates around that theme. But what I would say is this, if you remember, Greg, and I appreciate the offer. When we were a billion dollars in revenue and we said we were going to be 2 billion, everybody said the following. How long is it going to take you to get there and what's the margin. And we basically said if we wanted to be 2 billion or to double overnight we could have done that in the last month, the last six months or the last year, but culturally that wouldn't have made sense. And more importantly it wouldn't have made sense for our teammates of which our teammate owns 30% of the company. So what I would tell you is this; when we double again as a company it's not the number of years that takes, it's the quality of the people, it's the quality of the people that we add. And so interestingly enough from a shareholder standpoint we believe that that applies to all shareholders not just teammates. That just is an interesting unique fact that you know that we happen to be large owners of the company which I believe is something that investors would find interesting. There's alignment.
Greg Peters: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Andrew Watts: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody. Powell, you ended the scripted comments with the couple of headwinds that you noted for 2019 namely possibly economic slowdown and maybe not a headwind but rates not necessarily being a positive trend. At the same time you were also quite optimistic about opportunities for all four segments in 2019. So could you maybe talk about the opportunity set a little more?
Powell Brown: Sure. So, remember I feel -- we feel the best about our company today that we ever have in terms of the capabilities our teammates, the way we work collaboratively across the organization to the benefit of our customers. So, that's just categoric. I mean, I feel really and we feel really good about that. I think that there's going to continue to be some interesting opportunities that will be presented to us. I'm not foreshadowing something. Everybody -- I get a kick out of  Yaron, they say, well, when are you going to do your next big deal or what are you doing with the money on the balance sheet or what are you doing. And the answer is we're going to invest it wisely and when the right opportunity comes along we're going to make that investment. Case in point with the investments we made last year. But I just think that from a standpoint of -- I just think that we're well positioned to continue to steadily grow our business to improve the margin profile. And we just need to be mindful of those things. I mean once again I am not an economist by profession. I do have an economics degree from the University of Florida. I will tell you that there are lots of things that I look at that may not directly impact the U.S. economy but, by god they're going to surely indirectly impact the U.S. economy. And so there are all kinds of things that sit out there that a lot of people maybe they don't think about and maybe they won't impact ours. But that's part of my job is to think about things that could potentially impact our business and foreshadow those. I think it's pretty clear that if you talk to many CEOs in the United States, there is a feeling that sometime in the latter half of the year or early part of next year we may have a slowdown economically. There also happens to be a lot of questions around transitions with Brexit, Angela Merkel, Italy, China and the rest. And so trade wars and how that impacts our customers and their businesses and things like that. So, I think it's kind of a balance and I'm an optimist but I'm a realist, and I think that's reflected in our company. We are optimist and we are realists. And so we go in with very positive feelings about 2019, but we're just trying to make sure that you're aware that these are the things we're thinking about.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then just a question on the IT initiatives. So I thought IT was supposed to -- the IT investments were supposed to start weaning a little bit in the fourth quarter and we're supposed to be a lift to margins. And I think they were so little bit of a drag. So is that because you identified additional opportunities? Or is that because the initiatives are just taking a bit longer than you initially expected?
Powell Brown: Yes. Good morning. No nothing real unusual for the fourth quarter. Everything still right in line with what we were expecting. So it's progressing along course.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then finally with the wholesale business it sounded like the organic slowdown was more a matter of timing than anything else. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Andrew Watts: I think it's fair. It's kind of interesting because I went back and looked real closely at their performance over the last several years and they've had one fourth quarter they'd have a really good fourth quarter relatively speaking and then they might have a slight down quarter year over year over year if you go back to 15, so you have up down, up down, up down. I don't want you to read something into one quarter performance in wholesale. That's a business that's had the most steady organic growth in our system over the last six years. And so I look at it and say they just didn't grow as much in Q4. But remember they grew 7.7% in Q3. They grew five point three and two and they grew six point one in one. So, there's a five seven over the entire year. I feel real comfortable about Tony Strianese and his team.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Got it. Well, thanks for the answers and good luck on the year ahead.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. Just one question. Powell, you mentioned that tight labor market in your prepared remarks. Obviously, compensation is your largest expense. Is that having or expecting to have an impact on your margins going forward? And I guess I ask because I thought comp plan you guys had implemented in previous years was going to be a tailwind in 2019 and it sounds like, unless I'm mixing apples and oranges, that thats not going to be the case based on the prepared remarks?
Powell Brown: Mike, good morning, lets make sure were clear the producer incentive plan impacts a small group relatively speaking of people in the overall company. So that's in our retail segment. And it impacts a group of people that are on commission only. And so, having said that in a certain segment of the business -- having said that theres impacts across the entire organization in terms of wage pressure. Here's the way we look at it. At the end of the day we're trying to attract, retain, reward and develop the most talented people that fit culturally with our organization. And having said that, we periodically come across people who we feel and I tell our teammates this, we can't -- it would be a mistake not to hire them. If they're not in the budget then you just figure it out. And so I think that it's just like anything else. It's not purely linear, Mike. And that's the reason I say that because I think -- we think of it about one person at a time. And so if that impacts all of a sudden 35 offices then it may have a -- it may drive our S&R up slightly that quarter or the next two quarters. But then they start making such a positive impact on the organization and helping us either retain our existing clients or write new clients. So I don't want to give you the impression that it's not a tailwind. I think that the producer incentive plan is working very well. We're very pleased with it. But I just want to remind you it impacts a relatively small number of people of the 10000 total teammates. So we're always mindful of wage pressure, but that means we need to grow the company both organically and through acquisition.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. All the best in 2019. Thanks.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. And just think about it my own way the -- I think the original plan was the technology spending and the producer incentive payouts would begin to taper in 2019 and therefore be margin accretive. I think you said you're performing along with the original plan. So is that a fair look at it that the expenses should taper and therefore would be positive for margins?
Andrew Watts: Yes. So good morning Mark, its Andy here. So think about those two in two different ways, okay. Is on the IT side, yes, youre correct from a spent and thinking about it as a percentage of revenue. So that is correct. On the retail incentive program, it's actually not about the expense. If you recall back when we talked about the program is the goal there was to drive incremental organic revenue which therefore compounds over time. So the expense remains relatively constant. We're just growing off of a larger base. So what that really means is and that's why we said in our previous comments you would see some margin expansion out in 2019. That's how the plan works and is designed.
Mark Hughes: Right. And then the stock comp, a stock comp is only up 3 million to 5 million. Presumably, if you have any sort of organic growth that likewise would be margin creative if the expense is relatively fixed or up fractionally and your revenue grows faster, based on what we assume then that would also be margin accretive?
Andrew Watts: If total revenues grow faster than the increased stock comp, you are correct. Yes, that would be a margin. So the guidance that we gave on it was 3 million to 5 million. And if you look at the cash flow statement you can see we had about $33 million  $33.5 million of stock comp in 2018.
Mark Hughes: And then finally with the employee benefits you say the rates are up. How much do you participate in those higher rates at this point with your mix of business with Hays, how much do higher rates act as a tailwind for your revenue?
Powell Brown: Limited, and the reason is the amount of self-funded business and/or in many states the smaller market, smaller market depending on a state defined is under 50 lives or under 100 lives. The companies in many states have moved the way you're paid on them from a commission whereas you know Mark if the premiums go up you would get more income to per head per month. So the only way you get additional commissions would be if you add another head or another bellybutton and it's what they use, the term. So the answer is limited.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for taking my question. I just want to walk through the $22 million versus the $2 million of hurricane servicing revenues. It's the margin on those the same or do you get their economies of scale benefit in a quarter like 4Q 2017 and what is that margin?
Powell Brown: Good morning, Josh. So what we said on previous calls is the margin on storm claim related activity is higher than our average. We have not said exactly what the margin is.
Josh Shanker: And is there any reason why? I mean, is that would be really useful for us for making a year-over-year comparisons given the exceptional circumstances a year ago?
Powell Brown: Yes. I guess similar to we don't give exact margins on any individual business underlying.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And if -- so then can we understand if there are economies of scale you can do 22 million in storm margins, does it -- in storm revenues, does it have a higher margin than a quarter where you only do 2 million or is it the same generally regardless of the situation?
Powell Brown: Yes. The margins go up a little bit. But it does scale underneath. It's the magnitude.
Josh Shanker: Okay.
Powell Brown: And so you're going to see it -- you're just not going to see a margin movement on a couple million dollars of flood claim activity.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then if we look at -- you're getting larger  youve had a very strong first half of year in terms of growth and now it's one of the back half the year, as you get larger is there a seasonal move that more renewals are happening, I guess, due to the employee benefits or whatnot in the first half of the year? Or is that -- is the first half of 2018 going to be a headwind in the first half of 2019?
Andrew Watts: So, Josh, definitely look at how the quarterly numbers have fallen now because the impact of the new revenue standard has absolutely moved revenue and margin around by quarter without a doubt. And if you remember back we had the margins on some of the different businesses were different by quarter, some of that has leveled out, so definitely look at it by quarter now.
Josh Shanker: But the first  I guess the first half of the year was like up 5.4% on apples-to-apples basis with post ASC 606 retrofitted for 2017 I guess. Is that a tough comp I guess is what I'm asking?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Go back. If you look at -- so here's probably the way to think about it. Look at the rev rec slide that we included inside there. So if we go back to and if you look at slide 18. So we moved $27 million of revenue into the first quarter and then 14 into on the income before income tax, it about offsets in the second quarter.
Josh Shanker: But I guess I mean maybe I'll have to go through it. I feel I'm looking at apples-to-apples. There's no headwind coming from having a strong first half 2018, thats an extra headwind in 2019.
Powell Brown: Now the only the only piece in there is again when you're modeling it just keep in mind that we were making our core commercial program. We had not made the lap on it in the first half of 2018. So remember that program we started that up in July of 2017, okay.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thanks very much. Good luck.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Two quick questions on Hays if I can. One, do the revenue numbers on slide 19 anticipate supplemental and contingent commissions that are roughly equivalent to legacy Brown & Brown?
Powell Brown: Yes. It does include contingent commissions and GSCs. And yes, they are in a similar percentage ratio.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. And if there any reason that the inclusion or integration of Hays would slow legacy Brown & Brown organic growth? Or should that not be impacted at all?
Powell Brown: We don't think it's going to slow Brown & Brown legacy organic growth.
Meyer Shields: Okay, excellent. Then one final question just to make sure I understand it. Powell, you talk about the potential for an economic slowdown in the back half of 2019. Would that impact revenues on a real time basis? Or do you expect it to be a lag between when, I don't know, GDP growth slows when you actually see commission volumes reflect that?
Powell Brown: I think it depends on how the clients manage their exposure units. And what I mean by that is there are some customers which will adjust their insurance exposure units particularly on larger accounts right when they see that change and sometimes they won't. And so there inherently I would say that there would be slight lag, but you could see other people adjusting if I mean like I said I don't think this would be the case, but if it was a severe rapid downturn then could people adjust their exposure units being their payrolls or their number of vehicles on the road or whatever the case may be. Could they adjust the midyear? And the answer is they could.
Meyer Shields: Okay that's very helpful. And then last question with regard to the revenue headwind guidance in lender-placed insurance and social security advocacy. Is any seasonality to that? Or should we just assume that spread out over the year?
Andrew Watts: I think you should assume thats spread out over the year.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Glasspiegel with Janney. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel: Good morning, Brown & Brown. I'm going to follow Meyer's questions on Hays with the more on the margin side. This quarter I think I saw it was a pretty negative. You said inclusive of any restructuring charges, deal closing charges. And I was wondering if you could spike what your onetimers were in Q4?
Powell Brown: Good morning, Bob. No, they were minimal for the fourth quarter for the 45 days.
Robert Glasspiegel: So there's no deal restructuring, there's no banking fees or anything else that getting expense to deployment for the numbers as of yet?
Powell Brown: No nothing materiality. We didn't have a banker on our side.
Robert Glasspiegel: And is there any seasonality as we think about margins for you? You gave us $0.03 accretion in the Q1. So it looks like they have a heavier revenue contribution in Q1 than the rest of the year. And its -- I assume its mainly retail wholesale or the revenues are going to flow to?
Powell Brown: Its retail business. And remember they have a very large employee benefits portion of their business which is why from a rev rec standpoint, that's moved into Q1.
Robert Glasspiegel: And one last  go ahead.
Powell Brown: Yes, Bob, just make sure you look back to slide number 19 on Hays, because the phasing by quarter is really important.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. We'll do that. And the restructuring charges, are you going to spike those out or are we just going to have to sort of guess at them and I think it was $0.02 to $0.03 of accretion. Does that inclusive of restructuring or exclusive?
Andrew Watts: That is included of integration cost. So again we don't have restructuring cost. We've got integration. And what we said on our previous comments is, they are more heavily weighted to the out years. We're really just trying to get all of our teams together and figure out all the moving parts in it, but we're not. And again similar to our previous discussion the objective of this transaction was not to drive cost out, right. The objective was to drive the top line and grow the business. We will get some cost out but it is not a cost play.
Robert Glasspiegel: No. I understood that. Those -- you're not going to be integrating new office [ph] as day one they're like, right, autonomous?
Powell Brown: Well integrate the applicable offices at the right time when it's right for the business, but we're not driving down a plan that to kind of crash everybody together, Bob, that's not the goal. Again we're trying to keep all the momentum on the top line moving forward.
Robert Glasspiegel: Good luck in 2019.
Powell Brown: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Good morning. Thanks guys. In the wholesale business from what I hear the markets bit more dynamic, you get a couple of the big players; Lloyd's and Lexington pulling back. Would that be -- how would that impact you? Will that be good for you? Will that be bad for you? Any thoughts on that?
Powell Brown: Well, I think it depends on the -- how the rest of the market responds. And what I mean by that is if you have a big player in a segment as you referenced and they pull out or they double or triple or quadruple their pricing on that same exposure unit depending on how quickly the market would come in and fill that void is going to impact if it's going to be that positive for us or not. I would tell you based on everything that I'm hearing that there's plenty of capacity in many other instances to fill that right now. So could there be a certain class that I'm not aware of? Absolutely, there could be. But as a general statement I believe there are other markets who are willing and want and willing to fill that gap.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then as far as your retail business before Hays what was the growth in your producers in 2018?
Powell Brown: You mean you're talking about the number?
Adam Klauber: Yes.
Powell Brown: Yes. We haven't talked about the production growth publicly. And we aren't going to do that in terms of how many we've added or how many have left or whatever. But we're growing our business nicely and it's reflected in the organic growth and we continue to always look for people that can help bring new customers in.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then on the technology, you've been upgrading your agency management system. Does that give you more analytic capability? And could you could you give us an idea what you're doing in the analytics front?
Powell Brown: Sure. Well I mean we have a way now to better look inside of our data and look at similar classes of business whether it would be in a state or in a region or across the country. And we are able to share information more easily which enables our teammates we believe to bring better solutions to our customers. So as we continue to migrate everybody onto this new one agency management system we think that that will only continue that that capability will be enhanced. So we put the first things in place and as we continue to migrate the rest of the offices onto that system we know and that it will get even better.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And how long will that migration take? Is that mainly 2019? Will that go into 2020 also?
Powell Brown: Right now we are looking at another -- it's -- it would be between 2019 and 2020. And if you take -- if we didn't do another acquisition which we're going to, so that's a little bit misleading, but if we didn't do another acquisition the existing businesses that we have it would take till the end of 2020 to migrate everybody across.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. Last question on Hays, have you disclosed the retention pool for existing producers at Hays? And how is that being accounted for in your financials?
Powell Brown: So, no, we haven't described that publicly. And Andy
Andrew Watts: Yes. Yes, for anything that was post transaction, Adam, is that's being expense through the P&L
Adam Klauber: Okay. And Ill take it that's in the performance you gave us.
Andrew Watts: Yes it is.
Adam Klauber: Okay great. Thanks for that. Thanks for the answers guys.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Appears there are no further questions. Mr. Brown I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Bryce. And we appreciate everybody's time today. We wish you a great day and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you and good day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Watts - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Mike Zirinsky - Credit Suisse Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Greg Peters - Raymond James Mark Hughes - SunTrust Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Meyer Shields - KBW Adam Klauber - William Blair
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This relevance to Brown & Browns confirmation and integration of the acquisition from Hays companies. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements, is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin sir.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Hannah. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our third quarter 2018 earnings call. Before we get into the results for the quarter, I wanted to make some comments regarding our announcement yesterday about the pending acquisition of Hays Companies. Hays is a $200 million plus broker based in Minneapolis and Minnesota. They started de novo in 1994 and have grown organically almost exclusively. The team is led by Jim Hays and Mike Eagen. Over half of their business is in the employee benefits area with the remaining in commercial and personal lines. Youve heard us regularly talk about the importance of cultural fit, both our firms share a deep commitment to serve our customers best interests and we both understand that our teammates are the most important differentiator. We collectively are committed to a decentralized sales and service model. Well get into more detail about the transaction later in the presentation. Im now on slide four. Lets get into the results for the third quarter. We delivered $530.9 million of revenue, growing 11.6% in total and 1.4% organically. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, our total revenues for the quarter grew 6.5%. Ill get into more details in a few minutes about the organic growth for each division. Our EBITDAC margin was 33.5%, which is flat versus the prior year, but benefitted from a 300 basis points from a new revenue standard. Andrew will discuss the movement of our margins later. Our net income per share for the third quarter of 2018 increased to $0.38 from $0.27 in the third quarter of the prior year, driven by an ongoing benefit from federal income tax reform and the impact of new revenue standard. As weve said in the past, we do have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter in our organic revenue or margin, but over the year the ups and downs typically net out. The third quarter results are a good example of this, where organic revenue growth and margin came in slightly lower than previous quarters. Based upon what we can see right now, we expect Q4 to be more in line with our performance on a year-to-date basis, excluding the impact of storm related activity. We are very pleased to have completed 10 acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $47 million during the quarter, and have closed over $98 of annualized revenue year-to-date prior to yesterdays announcement. Two weeks ago, our board of directors approved our dividend increase of 6.7% for the 2018, 2019 year. This represents the 25th year of consecutive growth in our dividend, something we are very proud. We had topline and earnings per share growth for the quarter and a lot of momentum across the business. Our newest team mates that joined us via acquisitions will help us expand our capabilities and increase our geographic footprint, and most importantly deliver more creative risk management solutions for our customers. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss in more detail our financial results excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. Im on slide five, before we get into the detail of our divisional performance, I want to make some comments about exposure units, rates, storm claim activity, capital on the market and our investment initiatives. First though, our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by hurricanes Florence and Michael. As weve done in the past and well do in the future, were focused on helping our insurers work through these challenging times. Consistent with what weve been seeing for a number of quarters, the middle-market economy continues to do well. Our customers are feeling good about their prospects going forward and are continuing to invest in their businesses. Were monitoring the continued rise in interest rates and whether this will affect the positive momentum, especially in portions of our business tied to construction and housing. While were not seeing something specific today, interest rates continue to increase over the coming quarters; we expect there will be additional volatility in the market that will cause some slowdown and exposure in unit growth. Rates as you know, and weve talked about for most lines continue to be flat. That means for anyone account, you could have a slight increase or a slight decrease, the exceptions continue to be with commercial automobile, which is up 3 to 7 and all sides employee benefits account which continue to experience some upward rate pressure. The line we consistently see down as workers compensation, which is generally down 1% to 3%. Cap property rates for the quarter remain generally flat with some downward pressure on the best accounts and upward pressure of those with poor loss experience. As weve mentioned previously, carriers dont want to lose renewals, but are willing to walk away from them if the pricing doesnt match their risk appetite. Were not seeing a significant number of claims in our rights flood business related to hurricanes Florence and Michael and therefore are not expecting claim revenue to be anywhere near the levels we realized last year. We will see some claim activity within our services segment in the fourth quarter as there are some wind related property claims. We mentioned earlier, that were pleased with our level of acquisition activity for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2018. Weve been very -- we were very active last year and remain very active this year. Weve not changed our metrics or what were willing to pay. The overall landscape remains very competitive and as of now we dont see a significant change in the level of capital flowing into the market. We are pleased with the progress of our investments in technology in our core commercial program. As weve mentioned previously, Q3 represented the continued investment phase for our core commercial program, and we continue to expect margin improvement for this program in Q4. Im going to now slide six. Lets talk about the performance of our four segments. We mentioned earlier, the lumpiness we can experience in organic revenue growth in certain quarters, and we experienced that dynamic in the retail segment in the third quarter, which grew 2% organically. We experienced some incremental loss business for this quarter, and our new business was not as high as anticipated. We believe this is an isolated incident to the third quarter. This is why we often look at year-to-date results to gauge our performance as anyone quarter does not make a trend. On a year-to-date basis, our organic growth and retail is 2.8%, which is 30 basis points higher than the same period for the prior year. Our national program segment decreased 3.3% organically, this was driven by approximately $5 million of claims processing revenue recorded in the third quarter of 2017 with a minimal amount of claims processing revenue recorded in Q3 of this year. Isolating this change, our organic revenue would be flat to slightly positive for the program segment. As weve discussed in our investor day last month, for the quarter, our lender plate business experienced a slowdown in organic revenue due to continued improvement in the economy and we have a couple of programs experiencing downward revenue pressure due to changes risk appetite by our carrier partners. Our wholesale brokerage segment had another strong quarter with organic revenue growth of 7.7%, driven by the expansion in all lines of business. We continue to be pleased with the consistent organic growth of this segment, Way to go, Tony Strianese and the entire wholesale team. Our services segment delivered 2.1% organic revenue growth for the quarter and we realized growth across most businesses. We did experience lower claims processing revenue compared to 2017, which has partially offset organic revenue growth experienced by other businesses in this segment. Let me now turn it over to Andy who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Hey Hannah, by chance is there a background noise by you that some can mute there, its overwriting part of the call please.
Operator: You at the line, its the only line open sir. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: All right, thank you. I appreciate it though. Good morning everybody. On the following slides, well discuss our GAAP results and then our adjusted results excluding the impacts of acquisition earn outs and the impact of the new revenue standard. As a reminder, weve excluded the impact of the new revenue standard for the calculation of organic growth in order to provide a better comparison with the prior year. We plan to use this format for the remainder of 2018, and then in 2019 well be on a comparative basis. Over onto slide number seven, this presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the third quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 11.6% and organic growth of 1.4%. Our income before income taxes increased by 14.5% and our EBITDAC grew by 11.8% both of which were positively impacted this quarter by the new revenue standard. Our net income grew by 39.8% and our diluted net income per share increased by 40.7% to $0.38 versus $0.27 in the third quarter of last year. The growth in our financial metrics except organic revenue growth was impacted by the adoption of the revenue standard this year. Well discuss more of this in a few minutes. The growth in net income and diluted net income per share in excess of revenue growth was primarily driven by our lower effective federal tax rate that resulted from tax reform last year. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 25.5% as compared to 39% last year with our effective tax rate benefiting from the 14% decrease in the statutory federal corporate income tax rate. For the year, our expectation is for our effective tax rate to be in the range of 26% to 26.5%. Our weighted average number shares outstanding decreased approximate 1% compared to the prior year. This was driven primarily by the share repurchases we initiated last year and completed in the first quarter of this year. And lastly, our dividends per share increased to $7.05 or $0.10 compared to last year. Over to slide number eight, this slide presents our result after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn out payables for both years and the impact of the new revenue standard, which results in the most comparative basis. For the quarter, our revenues increased by 6.5%, income before income taxes decreased by 3.6% and EBITDAC decreased by 2.9%. Our net income grew by 17.7% and diluted net income per share was $0.31 as compared to $0.26 in the prior year growing 19.2%. In a few slides, well talk to the components of our margin change year-over-year. For the quarter, the impact of the new revenue standard was higher than we estimated driven by the timing and size of renewals along with a one-time adjustment. Later, well talk about the fourth quarter and full your expectations for the new revenue standards. Moving over to slide number nine, this slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, our total commissions and fees increased by 11.6% as compared to the prior year. Our contingent commissions increased $10.8 million as compared to the prior year, which was driven almost entirely by the adoption of the new revenue standard. As a reminder, we will now recognize contingent commissions upon the effective dates of the underlying policies throughout the year rather than we received for our previous treatment. For the fourth quarter, were not expecting any changes to the range of expected contingent commissions versus what we communicated last quarter. Guarantees of amount of commissions were up slightly year-over-year and were not impacted by the adoption of the new revenue standard. Core commissions and fees increased by $43.8 million. When we isolate the $28 million impact of the new revenue standard, $14.4 million of which impacts core commissions and fees and excluding the net impact of M&A activity, our organic revenue growth was 1.4%. Moving over to slide number 10, to provide some additional insight into the components of our EBITDAC margin, weve included a walk of our quarterly EBITDAC margin from last year to this year and highlighted the main drivers. The new revenue standard positively impacted our current quarter margin by 300 basis points. As we discussed in previous quarters, where the investment phase for our core commercial program that we launched in July of 2017. The investment this quarter impacted our margin by approximately 20 basis points, which is in line with the expectations we previously communicated. We expect slight margin improvement in the fourth quarter of this year. As we mentioned during last years third quarter call, we experienced a one-time benefit associated with foreign exchange within our wholesale segment. This represents about a 20 basis point impact on the prior year. During the quarter, we realized about a 30 basis point impact to our margin as non-cash stock-based compensation cost have increased due to our continued incremental financial performance and higher retention and teammates. While both of these are beneficial, they will continue to increase stock compensation cost over the coming quarters. For the current quarter, the impact of the net change in gains or losses on disposal was about 60 basis points related to the sale of certain offices, where last year there was a gain and this year there was a net loss. Other is a combination of one-time items, business mix, some timing and a lower organic growth for the quarter. Similar to our earlier comments, we can have variability on a quarterly basis. As a reminder, we had approximately $5 million of additional claims revenue in the third quarter of last year, which had above average margins. And finally, as we mentioned during our investor day conference, certain of our recent acquisitions will initially be slightly dilutive to our margin, which we experienced during the quarter. Consistent with our historical performance, we will work to increase the margin for these acquisitions over time. On the following slides, we presented the results for our business segments on as reported basis as well excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. A reconciliation by segment is included in the appendix of the presentation. Were going to start on slide number 11 with retail. The primary effect for the third quarter of adopting the new revenue standard was an increase in contingent commissions of $3.5 million. For the third quarter, our retail segment delivered total revenue growth excluding the new revenue standard of 9% and 2% organic revenue growth. As discussed earlier, the quarters can be lumpy at times and therefore its helpful to look at a year-to-date organic growth, which is 2.8% versus 2.5% for the same period last year. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter excluding the new revenue standard declined by 280 basis points driven by increased intercompany allocations for technology as well as our investment to upgrade our agency management systems. Both of these initiatives are in line with our expectations. Also, we mentioned earlier, we recognized increased non-cash stock-based compensation cost as our equity plans are performing higher-than-expected and the lower organic growth and some one-time items impacted our margins for the quarter. Over to slide number 12, for the fourth quarter our total revenues increased by 12.4% in our national program segment. This growth was primarily impacted by the new revenue standard. The impact was the recognition of approximately $6 million of revenues and profit related to contingent commissions in the third quarter that otherwise would have been recognized in other quarters. We also had a non-recurring adjustment of $8 million related to the new revenue standard. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, total revenues decreased by 1.2% and declined 3.3% organically. As discussed earlier, the organic revenue decline was primarily due to approximately $5 million of lower flood claims revenue recognized this year as compared to last year. During the quarter, we recognized minimal revenue associated with hurricanes Florence and Michael. Based upon what we know right now, we expect a minimal  a minimal amount of revenue from claims in the fourth quarter of this year. This will probably be in the range of $500 million to $1 million. As a reminder, we recognized approximately $22 million of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Excluding new revenue standard, EBITDAC decreased by 6.5% impacted by the lower claims processing revenue, which have higher than average margins? The continued investment in our core commercial program and the loss recorded associated with the sale of the small program. Excluding these items, the segment delivered underlying margin improvement, due to continued discipline management expenses. For the quarter, our income before income tax increased 45% impacted by the new revenue standard and lower intercompany interest expense, and partially offset by the EBITDAC drivers we just mentioned. Moving over to slide number 13, the impact of the new revenue standard on the wholesale segment was minimal for the quarter. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, the wholesale brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 8.8% and organic revenue growth of 7.7%. Our EBITDAC margin excluding the new revenue standard decreased by 60 basis points for the quarter. As discussed during the earnings call for Q3 of last year, we recognize a one-time benefit related to foreign exchange. Excluding this item, we delivered underlying margin improvement driven by strong organic revenue growth and disciplined expense management during the quarter that offset increased expenses associated with intercompany technology allocations and non-cash stock-based compensation cost. Our income before income tax margin increased by 30 basis points, impacted by the same factors contributing to the EBITDAC margin along with lower intercompany interest. Over to slide number 14; the services segment excluding the new revenue standard delivered revenue growth of 12% and organic revenue growth was 2.1%. The incremental increase in total revenues was driven by an acquisition we completed during the quarter. Our organic growth was driven by performance in most of our businesses, which was partially offset as we recognized minimal claims revenue associated with hurricanes Florence and Michael as compared to the same period last year. Based upon the claims we received to date, we do not anticipate material revenues from these two storms in the fourth quarter of 2018 and would expect our organic revenue growth to be impacted by approximately $3 million year-over-year. For the quarter, our EBITDAC excluding the new revenue standard decreased 1% due to new client on boarding cost, lower claims activity, and a new acquisition that has a margin lower than the divisional average. Over to slide number 15, weve included an updated outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year associated with the new revenue standard. As a reminder, the implementation of the new revenue standard will primarily impact our retail segment on a quarterly basis, as we used to recognize revenue based upon the latter of when build or effective. Topic 606 requires a company to recognize revenue when earned. For the third quarter, we had estimated the positive impact upon revenues to be in the range of $4.5 million to $8.5 million and the actual impact was $24.5 million. This difference was driven primarily by the timing and size of renewals within the retail segment and the adjustment we mentioned earlier within the national program segment. We estimated the impact upon income before income taxes to be in the range of $7 million to $9 million and the actual were $23.4 million. Our updated outlook for the fourth quarter is a decrease in revenues of $3 million to $7 million and a decreased income before income taxes of zero to $5 million. As we mentioned earlier, were not projecting any change to the estimated impact upon -- contingent commissions for the fourth quarter versus what we communicated last quarter. For the full year, we expect revenues to increase $17.5 million to $21 million and the income before income taxes to increase $16 million to $21 million as a result of implementing the new revenue standard. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments, as well as comments on our pending acquisition of Hays.
Powell Brown: Thanks Andy, great report. We would like to share some additional information about the Hays companies and the financial structure of the deal. The Hays business is very diversified across many industries, and over 50% of the revenues are from employee benefits. Combined, well have an employee benefit business with annualized revenues of approximately $430 million  to $440 million in revenue, increasing our employee benefits business over 35%. The business operates in 21 states with 32 locations and has a team of over 700. Their largest offices are in Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Boston, Kansas City and Dallas. The addition of these new teammates will give us a great Midwest presence, help us further increase our organic growth, increase our capabilities and provide additional solutions for our customers. The Hays Company serves customers in all segments, but primarily focuses on the upper middle-market. They have a proven track record of starting new businesses, developing talent, growing their business organically. This year they are projecting to deliver revenues of approximately $205 million. With the addition of Hays, the revenues for our total company will increase over 10% and the total revenues for our retail segment will increase approximately 20%. From a leadership perspective, Jim will become our Vice-Chairman at Brown & Brown and join our board of directors. He will report to me. Mike Egan will become a senior leader of Brown & Brown and continue to lead the Hays companies. We are really excited to have both these talented gentlemen join our senior leadership team. Im on slide 17. Lets talk about our strategic rationale why we are purchasing Hays. This is a growth business that helps us accentuate our offerings in the upper middle-market accounts base. Their average organic growth for the past five years has been approximately 6%. They have over 700 excellent team mates with a strong leadership team. Their footprint is very complementary to our existing footprint, as we did not have a large presence in the Midwest. We also have the opportunity to combine resources in order to enhance our capabilities and provide more solutions to our current and future customers. With the acquisition of Hays, we also increased our capabilities within the employee benefit data and analytics in certain industry segments. Our cultures are very similar. We have in our entrepreneurial spirit and we sell and service locally, but also leverage the capabilities of the broader organization. We believe the combination of Brown & Brown and the Hays companies will allow us to deepen our carrier relationships and scale our operating platforms, all of these will help us drive additional growth and margins over the coming years. From a financial standpoint, we are paying $705 million at close with $605 million in cash and $100 million in common stock and the equity will have a five-year holding period. There will also be a potential $25 million earn out thats based on the attainment of certain revenue and profit targets. We plan to buy back shares to offset the dilution associated with this transaction over the next three years. We will finance the transaction initially through a combination of cash well as debt from our $800 million revolver. Then we expect to term a portion of the initial purchase price and a multi-tranche debt. Our projected gross debt to EBITDA ratio for 2019 will be two times. As we stated during our investor day, were comfortable with up to three times gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio, therefore, we still have sufficient headroom as well as access to capital for future acquisitions. We anticipate paying down any floating interest debt with the cash generated from the business over the coming years in order to lower our interest cost and increase the earnings per share impact. We anticipate incurring one-time integration cost of $8 million to $12 million spread over the next 3 to 4 years in order to deliver incremental value and approve our combined margins. We are targeting to deliver combined annual EBITDAC synergies in the range of $10 million to $15 million over the next four to five years; there are combination of revenue and expense synergies with scaling of our operating platforms. For 2019, we anticipate the revenues generated from the Hays will be in the range of $210 million to $220 million and will generate approximately $47 million to $53 million of EBITDAC. The addition of Hays will drive incremental revenue growth of over 10% and EBITDAC growth of over 8%. In summary, were pumped about the addition of the Hays Company to the Brown & Brown team. In closing, we have good momentum in the business and I want to thank our 9100 plus teammates for all their efforts and look forward to welcoming all of our new teammates at Hays. The economy will remain positive and there's a lot hiring in most communities across the United States. This is a good thing for Brown & Brown. With the latest rate increase and talks of further rate increases over the coming quarters were watching closely how this may impact the growth of exposure units. As we head into the fourth quarter we expect overall premiums to remain flattish, a technical term. Except for the lines weve discussed previously, theres still too much capital seeking investments in the insurance market. On the M&A front, we would expect it to remain very competitive. We have had and continue to have good inventory of acquisition candidates. You've heard me say this before. We remain optimistic that well be able to acquire more firms that fit culturally and make sense financially. Please note we continue to be actively involved in the M&A space now and moving forward. No one on this call or anywhere out there should think because of the Hays acquisition, were slowing down. Investment in long term, the profitable growth of our business remains a key focus. We discussed during our Investor Day how innovation, technology, Insurtech will be key part of our strategy in the future. So our technology investments and launching our new core commercial program are just several key examples of this strategy. Lastly, were really excited about the combination of Brown & Brown and Hays and what we can do together. Our combined team will create an even more powerful group of almost 10,000 teammates that will be able to deliver industry-leading solutions for our current and future customers. With that, let me turn it over to Hanna for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. To start, I have a couple of questions on the Hays acquisition. You guys gave us a lot of financials which is very helpful. First off, the accretion figures that you guys provided the $0.02 to $0.03 per share. I guess, Powell, I think you said, you guys are going to buy back the stock that you issue over three years. So is that assuming a third, a third, a third in terms of when youre going kind of buy back those shares that are issued there?
Powell Brown: No. I think, well just  well buy them over the three-year period at least, but were not scheduling to buy it at a pro-rata amount.
Andrew Watts: And by the way that accretion as you know is GAAP accretion, not just cash. Its important.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. And then just in terms of some of the other financials, the revenue and expense synergies there, can you breakdown kind of where you think it might skew one way versus the other? And then the integration cost, Im assuming you guys are going to pull that out of adjusted earnings. Can you just verify that, Andy?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Lets touch on the expenses first; well come back to the synergies. Yes, well call those out over time if in any one quarter there or materially. Again were looking at the integration cost. It will be more heavily weighted from years two through four. Well have a little bit in 2019, but consistent with what weve done on other larger acquisitions we normally break things out for the first year, but if its so warranted, well call that out for the impact on the margins. And then, on the synergy of the benefit front, its really weighted, both combination of revenue and expenses.
Powell Brown: Remember, they have been investing actively in their business like we have. So growth opportunities in production and once again we're excited about the ability for us to leverage some of their capabilities and them to be able to leverage some of our capabilities, so that's a good thing, Elyse, were really pleased about that.
Andrew Watts: Yes. And we wouldnt want anybody to think that we're doing the transactions for cost synergies. That is not why were buying the business. This is a high-growth business and were looking to continue to see that growth in the future.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of -- Powell, you kind of alluded to in a couple sections in your remarks about higher interest rates, so the impact that that could happen on the economy. What about higher interest rates and the impact that could potentially have on private equity interest in the brokerage space? Have you seen any kind of slowdown as you looked at the deals more recently? Or do you expect to see a slowdown if interest rates continue to rise?
Powell Brown: Well, thats a logical comment, Elyse, and Id like to think that were logical and youre logical, but not all  PE is not always logical. It would seem to indicate that would happen if in fact, there was continued upward pressure or increases in interest rates. PE continues to be very active in the space. Youve heard me say before. I think there will always be an element of PE in our industry. I believe, at last count there's 29 PE firms that are in the space. So there's lots of people that are trying to get in and be in and then flip things and [Indiscernible]. We dont  we know that hope is not a good business strategy, but I would say that if in fact interest rates go up we would think it would actually change some of their buying patterns, but until at which time we see that? I dont believe it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one quick question on the quarter. You guys alluded to timing in your retail book and pointed us towards the year to-date figure for thinking about organic. Did you see timing impact more on the employee benefit side or in the commercial side or was that  is that a comment that you would make towards both of those businesses in the quarter?
Powell Brown: I would say it was both of the businesses during the quarter, Elyse. And at the end of the day and I know I alluded to this, but we had  were not making any excuses, but we had some business that just didn't close. And so we anticipate good new business in Q4, but once again we got to be in Q4 to see that happen. But yes, I think it's in both businesses, benefits and P&C.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks so much. I appreciate the color.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Mike Zirinsky from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Zirinsky: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on thinking about the margins directionally, if we kind of think out to 2019. I think previously investors were biased, maybe a little upwards due to less headwinds from the  you guys have talked about the IT investments and then also the new compensation program wont be headwind anymore. I know Hays, if you can think about excluding Hays, I know Hays will be very material and have an impact, but ex the Hays acquisition is -- that still the right way to think about the business in terms of margins directionally for next year [Indiscernible] there's a lot of moving parts?
Powell Brown: Well, I think the short answer is, yes, I think thats the right way to think about it. But I would say, it's important to know that how we invest in businesses today and going forward will impact the overall trajectory. And so you said that Hays is a material part of retail. Its 200 million part of a billion. So its going to be $1.2 billion of revenue. So it is meaningful. And we are looking for businesses as youve heard of say, this fit culturally and make sense financially. We cannot stress that enough. And remember, we're doing this for ever. The private equity is short-term. So they don't care about the cultural implications. They just get it together and then try to spin it. And so, in the case that some of the businesses we buy will have higher than average mark -- our average margins. Some will have lower than average margins. But each of them will add to our capabilities and our talent both in production, service capabilities, marketing and leadership.
Mike Zirinsky: Thats helpful. And the next question is, thank you for pointing out the potential impact for rising interest rates on the construction industry. Could you at a very high level maybe size up what percentage of your  I dont know, if its maybe revenues is construction related?
Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is, we havent given out specific industry type and breakout, but I would tell you and this is a purely off the top of my head. Its probably somewhere in the 6% to 10% of our retail business.
Mike Zirinsky: Okay. Thank you for that. And then lastly for Andy, the tax rates coming in about a point lower than the prior guidance, just curious is this a kind of a sustainable level as were thinking long-term or it will kind of fluctuate a little bit up and down?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mike. So for the quarter we ended up at 25.5%. That was impacted by true-up that we did on our foreign repatriation. Like many companies, everyone was doing their best estimates at the back end of last year. That was about $1.6 million. So we take that out, our effective rate would've been kind of in that mid-26 range. Thats why were kind of thinking 26% to 26.5% now. On a full year basis, we think thats a pretty good number, but one of the areas that weve got to continue to look at is exactly what Hays will do for our taxable footprint across the United States. And then, we continue to have states that are raising their rates as was indicative of New Jersey this year making a retro back to 11 [ph]. Maine has also changed their approach on unitary. So we continue to watch. Therell be some movements underneath. But I think at least from our standpoint 26 to 26.5 is pretty good market right now.
Mike Zirinsky: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you. Good morning. First question on Hays, as youve just said, this is largest deal in your history at 10% of revenue. So what do you think this deal different from your previous deals? And can you comment on potential opportunity for this deal and potential execution risk such as sort of system integration or revenue  any revenue overlap between offices and also can you comment on evaluation on deal as well?
Powell Brown: Okay. Good morning, Kai.
Kai Pan: Good morning.
Powell Brown: So, thats a multiple questions. First of all, as I said, were prompt about Hays joining our team. And as we said they are really a upper middle market business. They have great capabilities in both employee benefits and property & casualty. And so, number one, I will tell you that we have some things that we think can help them in some of those businesses and they definitely have some things in the employee benefits and some of their capabilities that can help us. So number one, I think this is the one-and-one equals three or more. Thats the goal. And I do believe that is the case; number one. Number two, they have enormous number of talented people that bring additional collective learning or knowledge to our system and so when you work with Brown & Brown and our companies we're trying to leverage that knowledge to the best interest of our customers and/or prospects. So it enhances quite honestly our institutional knowledge, thats number two. Number three, they operate in most  most of their offices are in places where we dont have offices, and so its very complementary and particularly in the Midwest as youve heard me say, we dont have an office in many -- we have a small office in Minneapolis. We dont have an office in Milwaukee. We don't have an office -- retail office in Kansas City. We dont have an office in Dallas. So all of sudden were expanding into markets that we want to be in that we havent been in the past. As it relates to the valuation, I think everyone on this call will have their own perceptions of what we have paid for this transaction. Let me make an observation as it stated. And then let me make an observation longer term. Number one, the market drives the price and so one might say this is a full price for an acquisition and it is a very high performing, high-quality fit -- cultural fit for Brown & Brown, number one. Number two, we don't think about it in an isolated period of time in one year or more. Were thinking about what one and one means three years and five years and more down the road and not unlike some of our other larger transactions, each one of those brought new capabilities that made us a better organization and made it  helped us to build out our offering to our customers. So, I can't stress it enough to say that we are very pleased that the Hays team and Brown & Brown are coming together. And I look forward to meeting all of their teammates in short order. And we look forward to welcoming them on the team officially sometime early  well, some time next month subject to HSR approval.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for all these thoughts. And I have a few follow-up questions. Number one is a national programs organic growth underlying is flattish. You cited a few headwinds. Do see the headwind persist? Or you can see improvements in term like organic growth in national programs?
Andrew Watts: Hi, Kai, its Andy here. Yes. We are anticipating headwinds in the fourth quarter. You remember back to our Investor Day we had make comments on the front, specifically on three areas. One is make sure take into consideration the year-on-year impact of lower flood claims. And weve mentioned earlier in our call we had about $22 million last year. Were only anticipating a half million to a million fourth quarter of this year. The next item was around our lender-placed business, and again, that countercyclical. So as the economy continues to improve that business wont see the same level of organic, so that will have some downward pressure. And then wed also mention that we have a couple carriers that are changing risk appetite for two of our programs. That will persist for probably a couple of quarters, and then well work through that. So we would definitely expect negative organic growth in the fourth quarter for national programs. Okay?
Kai Pan: Okay, great. My last one on the new accounting standard; seems like the number just keep moving around, understanding its a new standard for everybody. But if you look at full year, a regional expectation is that would not impact the full year earnings, just moving among the quarters. But now your forecast is that the full year pretax earnings going to be anywhere between $16 million to $21 million, so that's pretty meaningful. I just wonder could you give a little more color on that. And is that is a run rate that is not putting forward from next year and next year's results were building on top of this?
Powell Brown: Yes. I think good point on it, Kai. Around the complexity of this standard and probably not dissimilar to a lot of companies out there is there was a tremendous amount of effort put into it and there were estimates based upon the best information at the time as we went through it one of the items that we talked about this quarter was an $8 million adjustment that we had in national programs and that was just as we kind of continue to learn more that we would not expect to continue on. We had also estimated what we thought the contingents would be for the year and again we have to estimate what we think they're going to be 12 months from now not knowing the actual loss experience underneath. So as that continues to development. And I think well get better on that refinement to over time. But no, we would not expect on a regular basis once we kind of get this embedded that we would have that level of uptick each year. So I think this is just part of kind of this first-year implementation.
Kai Pan: And so to be clear, is that there would not be any sort like reversal in 2019?
Powell Brown: No. We would not expect anything of materiality reversal or even positive year-on-year.
Kai Pan: Thats great. Thank you so much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will now move to our next question from Greg Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Greg Peters: Good morning everyone and thank for the call. I wanted to follow-up on the Hays Companies acquisition. It has to been a very coveted M&A target in the marketplace. So, Powell, maybe you can talk a little bit about the process and how competitive it was? And how many other players were interested in the company? So give us sort of a lay of the landscape there?
Powell Brown: Okay. Well, I think the first time that we met Jim was 18 years ago. And our Chief Acquisitions Officer, Scott Penny, met him then. And then I met Jim and several senior leaders several years ago. And has spent time socially around each other in business settings and kind of been talking over the last couple years. And so, at the end of the day culture is equally is important to them as it is to us. And so when you really get right down to it, I always tell people if youre thinking about selling your business go out and talk to some people who you think might fit, find the one that there's a cultural fit and then go get in a corner and negotiate what a fair price is. And that would be a good way to describe what this is. And so, we have  I mean, I can't speak upon the number of people that have called them because number -- lots of people call them all the time and talk to them about their business, but at the end of the day this was not a traditional process with the banker. And we cultivated this over the last several years and we feel really good about it.
Greg Peters: Thanks for the color. And so this is a follow-up on -- if I look at slide 17 and you provide some benchmarks of performance for 2019 and you include integration costs to be spread out over a couple years in combined synergies. When I think about the combined synergies of 10 million to 15 million, should I assume that those are reflected in the EBITDAC guidance for 2019? Or is that 10 million to 15 million to be realized over a multiyear period?
Powell Brown: Its the latter. And Greg, well have -- most of those they are more weighted out towards kind of years three, four and five. It will take a while to build into those.
Greg Peters: Right. So, the final question on the Hays Companies is, and I know some of the previous analysts, they had questions about your consolidated EBITDAC margin and underlying EBITDAC margin, it looks like this transactions going to -- cost maybe up to 100 basis points of EBITDAC margin near-term. Am I missing something there? Or should I start benchmarking my margin off of this lower level?
Andrew Watts: Thats 100 basis points in retail.
Greg Peters: Right.
Andrew Watts: Yes. The answer to the question is youre thinking about it correctly, thats correct.
Greg Peters: Perfect. And Powell, I cant help myself. Do you guys think you might change your reporting structure? Or youre going to drop this all into retail and just let it rip?
Andrew Watts: No. I don't anticipate thats changing. I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
Greg Peters: The four segments that you report, I mean, now youve got a substantial benefits business maybe you might want to break your benefits business on top of the other pieces?
Andrew Watts: No. Were not planning on that.
Greg Peters: Okay.
Andrew Watts: No. This will just be  this will be a region inside retail.
Greg Peters: Okay. Thank you for those answers. And then I just wanted to -- one follow-up on the retail segment. And I was looking at your commentary provided on slide 11. And one of the items when youre talking about the revenue results sort of caught my attention was the last two words of the statement there was lost business. Could you provide some color around that? Because thats usually not something I would associate it with Brown & Brown. So maybe you can bridge the gap there?
Powell Brown: Sure. Well, lets put it this way. I think you would agree that you would  I think brutal honesty when you think Brown & Brown. So, were not trying to make any excuses. We lost some business in our businesses and that can be either through acquisition. It could be a decision, a loss of relationship. It could be all kinds of different things, Greg. But at the end of the day, we just call it what it is. And so we didn't grow the business. We didnt write as much new business and we lost a little more business than we thought we would lose. So we lose business just like any other broker. We try to obviously work really hard not to lose business and we want to keep the customers that we have. But don't -- I dont want you to take something out of that like were trying to foreshadow something. I think its more brutal honesty. It is what it is. We lost some business and it impacted our numbers. Thats how I want to get think about it.
Greg Peters: So, it's more of an anomaly rather than some broader trend. So I think that's the message you're trying to deliver, correct?
Powell Brown: Thats exactly right. Based upon what we can see, its a Q3 thing and were on to Q4 and were doing our thing.
Greg Peters: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Watts: Greg, weve had these in previous quarters where we just one quarter youll have it, so just nothing unusual on trend or anything [ph].
Operator: We now move to our next question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Two quick ones. The fourth quarter claims revenue from last year, was it 22 million a national accounts and then 3 million in services, so 25 total?
Powell Brown: Yes. So it was 22 million in national programs and then we had a little over 4 million in services last year. So thats about 26 million in total. We think well have  yes, go ahead Mark.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Then the technology investment in the EBITDAC walk, you don't refer to the technology investment, but in a number of the segments you point to it. Was there some offset somewhere? How should I think about that?
Andrew Watts: Yes. The offset was in corporates, thats why its allocations between corporate and the divisions because we had build the investment cost up in corporate now getting that out to the positions of the segments. And then we did not call anything out for the third quarter and the walk is the impact on technology was minimal. So again its kind of performing right in line with what we had expected as well as what we talked about on previous calls. We had a little bit of downward pressure on margins first and second quarter, we said it would probably around flat for the third quarter with a little bit of lift in the fourth quarter and minimal impact on the full year. So we seem to be right in line.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody. Couple of questions on the Hays acquisitions. So first up when you talk about revenue growth there are you expecting any revenue creepage from the deal? Any maybe slowdown due to execution or do you think that the 5% or 6% growth rate over the few years can be maintained over the next three to five years?
Powell Brown: Well, we would sure like to see that be the case and were not anticipating it slowing down. But Yaron, Im sorry, we dont -- we feel good about the trajectory and what's going on, borrowing something were not aware of.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then on the margin side, so once you get passed of initial three, four years, do you think that the Hays business can achieve the margins that retail is currently generating?
Powell Brown: The answer of the question is through middle market retail is a higher margin business than upper middle-market and more specifically large accounts. And so, the answer to the question is over time their margin will go up because they will become even more efficient because they've invested in production talent and service and marketing talent which is not at full capacity today. Having said that, we look at the business holistically and as we said earlier its going to have approximately 100 bps impact in year one, and then over time as we achieve collective synergies that the overall will improve, so, we feel good about the margin trajectory going forward. That's how wed answer that question.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I appreciate it. And then maybe one final one. Can you talk about the IT and systems? I know you guys have been investing a lot and improving and updating your systems. So, do they need additional work on their system today? Is it easy to integrate your existing systems with theirs? Any color on that would be helpful?
Powell Brown: Sure. So the short answer is they have a very talented group of IT people on their team, number one. Number two, they are currently on the agency management system that we are converting retail too, that does not mean that they are on the same version, I don't think, but they're on the same agency management system. So thats a positive. Number three, just getting converted over  I know that sounds like basic things but to Office 365 and some of our systems it takes time. But what I would say is, if you're asking the question, are they in the Stone Age relative to IT? The answer is no, they're not. And so, we're excited about some of things that they've gone and how we can learn from them and vice versa in that particular space.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So whatever investments and systems they may still need is already part of your integration cost estimates?
Powell Brown: That is correct.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for holding the call late and taking my question. I just wanted  two questions, One was followed by Kai's. You mentioned $8 million unexpected revenue associated with the change in revenue standard in the national programs business. I was just trying to better understand what that was? And you say, that should be $8 million that increases at a normal CAGR in the 3Qs of the fewer  I just want to understand exactly whats going on there?
Powell Brown: Good morning, Josh. No, that was just a one-time adjustment that we had based upon estimations underlined on billing of customers do  definitely do not anticipate seeing that next year. That is a one-time item.
Josh Shanker: So, theres 8 million headwind to think about in 3Qs, 2019 modeling. That's right?
Powell Brown: From a total revenue that did not go into the organic calculation, no.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then, on tax obviously theres some discrete tax rate [ph] in the quarter. Do you have any thoughts on 2019 tax rate?
Andrew Watts: Not right now other than the comments that we made earlier. What we really like to do is get through year-end and figure out exactly what kind of our footprint looks like with Hays coming in and doing kind of all our year-end troops. And then once we release earnings for the fourth quarter well give an update for 2019.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is open. Please place your question.
Bob Glasspiegel: Yes. Good morning everyone. Just a couple of tag-in questions on the Hays deal; whenever you buy something youre going to buying companies that have lower EBITDAC margins, the new given your best in industry margin. What are some of the things you could point to besides scale thats inherent in their current run rate of margins? And what's the path -- how long does it take you to get it traditionally, the company this size, which I guess, you havent done this big, but how long does it take to get to the company, to the margins where you wanted to be?
Powell Brown: Well, let me backup for a one second. This is a business that as I said grew pretty much organically from zero to $200 plus million since 1994. So thats very impressive to us and I think it would be to anybody yourself included relative to just growing a business, just going out and getting the right people and getting new customers and doing the right thing, so thats number one. Number two; we dont want to do something that actually changes their ability to continue to grow. We want to do thing to enhance their ability to grow as part of our organization. So, as I said earlier, we like to think about youre selling service locally, but you leverage the capabilities of the organization nationally to the benefit of our customers. What we typically see, Bob, is you generally speaking in any kind of earn-out you have a kind of float up over time of some efficiencies that they achieve that might be possibility of purchasing power as a combined business, in some instances whether it would be technology or something else that were doing, supplies, it could be something that we could do one and one equal three where we have a where they maybe able to sell more business than they had previously in a certain industry type. There could be a whole bunch of different way to do that. But we think it's just anything else. Its over a couple year that they actually improvement and we too.
Andrew Watts: And Bob you know our comments  hey, Bob, this is Andy here. Comments we made earlier as we said the synergies out of this we wont see until kind of years three, four and five, it will kind of take that while to build into it. So we wouldnt suggest that you put all those in your model in years one and two just for clarity.
Bob Glasspiegel: Got it. And do they have a richer comp plan than yours or is it roughly comparable and you will have the principles super incentivized with your note the provisions which is a smarter way to do it. So one could assume will be extra incentivized with the commissions plus the earn-outs over the five-year period? Is that fair assumption?
Powell Brown: Thats the fair assumption.
Bob Glasspiegel: And their comp plan is reasonably comparable to yours?
Powell Brown: Remember, in the upper middle market it is similar to some of our larger account businesses. Yes. Thats how wed say it. Theyve created a performance-based incentive plan. We really like it. We dont see any reasons why to change of plan right now, seems to work really really well for the business.
Bob Glasspiegel: Great. And last question. How much debt did you say youre going to put on and what rough rates should we look to when we model?
Powell Brown: Yes. We will probably take on somewhere around 550 million to 600 million in debt just dependent upon cash thats on the balance sheet and timing. And right now were estimating interest rate of four and three quarters, hopefully well get less than that. Rates are ticking up right now.
Bob Glasspiegel: And any amort [ph] thats going to go through that you can quantify or any more depreciation?
Powell Brown: Yes. If you look back on page 29 of the deck, we put right in there estimated amortization.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay, cool. Thank you
Powell Brown: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks, and thanks for your patience. I just had a few quick modeling questions. One, given its employee benefits focused is there any distinct seasonality in Hays revenues?
Andrew Watts: Not that were aware of. But just  as their business in general I think as Powell has commented is there any seasonality now. But keep in mind Meyer that the revenue recognition rules will absolutely move revenue between quarters. So what we are doing is were working with their team right now on implementation of rev rec was when we released earnings at the end of the year we will come back and provide quarterly guidance, but expect their revenues into the year would definitely move quite a bit around, so well give some guidance on that okay.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thats great. Second, on the $8 million national programs revenue recognition issues are there any offsetting expenses that also should not recur next year?
Andrew Watts: Nothing of material size there.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then finally within retails, there was a slowdown in organic growth, but you are still running close to 3%. Was there any unwind of compensation accruals through the first half of the year in the third quarter expenses?
Andrew Watts: No.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Well now take a question from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Thanks, good morning. The $100 million of stack, how many producers is that going to? And did I hear correctly thats [Indiscernible] for five years?
Andrew Watts: Yes, no number one the distribution of that were not talking about openly, and yes its a five year lockup.
Adam Klauber: Okay, so were not talking about that specifically, how are the producers being locked up.
Andrew Watts: The senior leadership of Hays has got a plan worked out with the individuals that are driving the business forward. But once again, as we told you then it would be in the public and our competitors would try to use that against us. So suffices to say that we feel comfortable with the plans that they have in place to continue to drive retention of people and accounts.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thats great. Thank you. And then as far as the Hays EBITDAC margin, I think say 22%, 24% typically with the larger deals these days investment bankers tend to add an adjustments to sort of pre-put in cost savings. Is that 22%, 24% Hays historic margin, or does that include some of the bankers add back ins or cost savings?
Andrew Watts: Well let make sure that were saying the same thing. Number one, bankers are very good marketers, but we also understand what the numbers are real or not. There was not an investment banker involved in this. So those numbers are our numbers, our collective numbers together. So if you were to go out and see a deck of something on one of the deals that somebody is pitching they will make the margin look substantially higher than it is or could be. So any adjustments in the pro forma we collectively with the senior leadership at Hays are both very comfortable with and those are real numbers.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thanks thats good to hear. Thanks.
Operator: And we have a follow on question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Hey, just one quick one on modeling. I think you said that youd have this $3 million head win in the fourth quarter and the services revenues. Is that in absolute numbers or is that just a base off of which you are still expecting to get some offset growth, mainly are you talking about a $40 million number or as the number you should be generating in the fourth quarter in services or will be a $40 million base that will still be offset by some growth?
Andrew Watts: Yes, think about it as the  whatever you are projecting for the fourth quarter, then pull $3 million off of that.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then one final follow up on the 22% to 24% EBITDAC margin that you are expecting for Hays next year that does not include the combined synergies, is that correct?
Andrew Watts: As weve talked about Yaron is we are forecasting minimal synergies in kind of years one and two or 3 to 5, we will have some integration cost next year, most of those will be in two through four.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, so..
Powell Brown: Let me point out one thing, Yaron that I know you know this but this is a gap accretive deal in year one. And it is an asset purchase, so there  that is obviously a very positive thing for the team here. So I just want to make sure that you have that. I know you knew that, but I want make sure everybody else out there knows that too.
Yaron Kinar: I appreciate and I guess, I just -- I want to make sure that Im thinking about it correctly. So beyond the gap accretion, the 22 to 24 does incorporates some minimal integration cost and some minimal combined synergy estimates in that for next year.
Powell Brown: No, it has a little bit -- a little bit of integration cost. It has no synergies or benefits in it.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that now concludes our question-and-answer session. So Id like to turn the conference back to you Mr. Brown for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Hannah. We appreciate every time today. We are excited about the Hays transaction and we look forward to talking to you again after Q4. Good day, bye bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that now concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Watts - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Peters - Raymond James Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Meyer Shields - KBW
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded.  Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for second quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements, is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the company's website at www.bbinsurance.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown : Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. I am on Slide 4. For the second quarter, we delivered $473.1 million of revenue, growing at 1.5% in total and 5.2% organically. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, our total revenues for the quarter grew 7.3%. As a diversified insurance broker, we're pleased that all four segments grew nicely for the quarter, and we're rapidly approaching our intermediate revenue goal of $2 billion. Our EBITDAC margin was 29.1%, which is down 320 basis points, with a 180 basis points of impact from the new revenue standard. Andy will discuss the movement of our margins in detail later. Our net income per share for the second quarter of 18 increased to $0.26 from $0.23 in the second quarter of the prior year, driven by our strong organic growth and the ongoing benefit of federal income tax reform, but was partially offset this quarter by the impact of the new revenue standard. As we've said in the past, there can be fluctuations quarter-to-quarter in our organic revenue or margin but over the year it all works out. We also completed six acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $39 million for the quarter. We're pleased with the quarter. We had good organic revenue growth across the company and in each segment. Good earnings expanded our capabilities and increased our geographic footprint through six acquisitions. There is just a lot of positive momentum across the company. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss in more detail our financial results, excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. I'm on Slide 5. Before we talk in more detail about our divisional performance, I want to make some overall comments about exposure units, rates, capital in the market, and our investment initiatives. One, the middle market economy is doing well. Customers feel good about their prospects going forward and are investing in their businesses through increased hiring and capital investments. This results in increased exposure units. Rates for most lines continue to be flat with the exception of automobile, which is up 3% to 7%. We're seeing workers compensation rates generally down 1% to 3%. Cat property rates are flattish with some downward pressure on the best accounts and upward pressure on those with bad loss experience. Carriers don't want to lose renewals but are willing to walk away from them. As it relates to the M&A space, it continues to be very competitive out there. We were very busy during the quarter and closed six transactions with annualized revenues of $39 million. Through today, we've acquired 13 companies with annualized revenues of almost $83 million. Our largest acquisition during the quarter was Servco, which operates in the Hawaiian Islands and the Pacific Northwest. With this acquisition, we are now the number two broker in Hawaii and one of the largest retail brokers in Washington State. As you know, we're always looking for and talking with companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. Our investment to launch our new Arrowhead Core Commercial program and upgrade technology continued to progress as expected. As a reminder, the technology investments are focused upon delivering a number of benefits that will support our continued growth and profitability. These include: one, standardizing certain systems across the company such as having one agency management system for all of the retail segment; two, upgrading our core infrastructure to current versions; three, reducing inefficient technology spend, and four, continuing to gain better insight into our data across the company that we can use for the benefit of our customers, our carrier partners, and our teammates, ultimately to grow our business faster. The system upgrades in our retail segment are going well and we are on a path to complete all offices over the next 3 years. Likewise, our wholesale segment is developing a new technology to simplify business for our retail customers. We're also actively engaged with many InsureTech initiatives across the company, with the goal of identifying even better ways to engage with our customers and carrier partners as well as improve our teammate experience and operating efficiencies. I'm pleased with our initiatives to leverage our data to help drive new business and retain more business, ultimately benefiting our customers and carrier partners. These are really important initiatives that will take multiple quarters to deliver, but each quarter we're making more and more progress and we're starting to realize the benefits. I'm on Slide 6. Now, let's talk about the performance of our four segments. We're pleased with the organic revenue growth in our retail segment for the quarter, which grew 4.3%. During the quarter, we realized solid growth across all lines of business as well as most customer segments. Also, our retail incentive program continues to perform well and is helping drive our results. Our national programs segment had a great quarter, growing 6.4% organically. This was driven by a number of programs, and we'd like to highlight the continued growth in our core commercial program as well as our commercial and residential earthquake programs.  Development of our technology and filings for Core Commercial program are going well and the projection is in line with our expectations. Our wholesale brokerage segment delivered solid organic revenue growth of 5.3% for the quarter, driven by expansion in both our brokerage and transactional binding businesses. This growth was delivered even with rates generally flat, with the exception of CAT property if losses were sustained. We're really pleased [Audio Gap] organic growth of our wholesale business that's delivered over 5% growth for multiple years. Our services segment had another great quarter with 7.1% organic revenue growth. We realized growth across most businesses. We did realize some year-on-year decrease in our claims processing businesses, as claims activity was lower in 2017 since there were fewer spring weather-related events. In summary, we are pleased with the performance of our businesses in each of the four segments for the quarter.  Now, let me turn over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. I'm over on Slide number 7. On the following slides, we're going to discuss our GAAP results, then our adjusted results excluding the impacts of acquisition earn-outs and the impact of the new revenue standard.  As a reminder, we've excluded the impact of the new revenue standard for the calculation of organic growth in order to provide a better comparison with the prior year. We'll use this format for the remainder of 2018; then, in 2019, we will be on a comparative basis. Slide 7 presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the second quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 1.5% and organic growth of 5.2%, driven by solid organic growth in all four segments. Our income before income tax decreased by 6.6% and our EBITDAC declined by 8.6%, both of which were materially impacted this quarter by the new revenue standard. Our net income grew by 11.8% and our diluted net income per share increased by 13% to $0.26 versus $0.23 in the second quarter of last year.  The growth in our financial metrics, except for organic revenue, was impacted by the adoption of the new revenue standard this year, which we'll discuss more in detail in a few minutes. The growth in net income and diluted net income per share, in excess of revenue growth and income before income taxes, were primarily driven by our lower effective federal income tax rate that resulted from tax reform last year.  For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 26.7% as compared to 38.8% last year with our effective tax rate benefiting from the 14% decrease in the statutory federal income tax rate. For the year, we've lowered the expectation for our effective tax rate to be in the 26.5% to 27% range. Our weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased approximately 1% compared to the prior year due to the stock repurchases we completed in the second half of last year. And lastly, our dividends per share increased to $0.075 or $0.10 -- or 10% compared to last year. Over to Slide 8, this presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years and the impact of the new revenue standard, resulting in the most comparative basis.  For the quarter, our revenues increased by 7.3%, income before income tax increased by 4%, and EBITDAC increased by 2.6%. Our net income grew by 24.5%, and diluted net income per share was $0.31 as compared to $0.24 in the prior year, growing by 29.2%. In a few slides, we'll talk about the components of our margin change year-over-year. For the quarter, the impact of the revenue recognition standard was higher than we estimated and reduced net income per share by approximately $0.01 versus our expectations. This difference is primarily related to the timing of incentives between the second quarter and the remainder of the year. Later, we'll talk about the quarterly and full year expectations for the new revenue standard. Lets move over to slide number 9. This presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, we had minimal net changes in investment income and other income, resulting in our total commissions and fees increasing by 1.6% as compared to the prior year.  Our contingent commissions increased $2.1 million as compared to the prior year, which was driven substantially by the adoption of the new revenue standard. As a reminder, we will now recognize contingent commissions upon the effective dates of the underlying policies throughout the year rather than when received per our previous treatment. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, contingent commissions increased about $1 million year-over-year as we qualified for some new contingents. Last year we provided guidance -- excuse me, last quarter, we provided guidance that we expected contingent commissions to decrease for the full year about $3 million to $5 million. Based upon what we know right now, we believe this is still a good range.  Guaranteed supplemental commissions were substantially flat year-over-year and were not impacted by the adoption of the new revenue standard. Our core commissions and fees increased by $5.7 million. When we isolate the $28 million impact of the new revenue standard and exclude the net impact of M&A activity, our organic revenue growth was 5.2%, driven by growth in all segments. We will move over to slide number 10. To provide insight into the components of our EBITDAC margin, we've included a look at our quarterly EBITDAC margin from last year to this year and highlighted the main drivers. The new revenue standard negatively impacted our current quarter margin by approximately 180 basis points. As a reminder, it was a benefit in the first quarter of this year. As we discussed in the prior quarters, we are in the investment phase for our Core Commercial program that we launched in July 2017. The investment this quarter impacted our margin by approximately 60 basis points, which is in line with the expectations we previously communicated.  During the quarter, we realized about a 20-basis-point impact to our margin as non-cash stock compensation costs have increased due to our incremental financial performance and higher retention of teammates. While both of these are beneficial, they will increase stock compensation costs over the coming quarters. For the current quarter, the impact of our investment in technology was about 10 basis points and less than we realized in the first quarter. Consistent with our commentary in the first quarter, we are around full spend for our technology programs and do not anticipate any material full year impact on our EBITDAC margins as compared to last year. Please refer back to the technology slide that we included in the fourth quarter results from last year. This will give you guidance on the future projections.  Other is a combination of one-time items and some business mix. Similar to our earlier comments, we may have some variability on a quarterly basis from time to time. At the half-year mark, our underlying EBITDAC margins are about flat year-over-year. On the following slides, we present the results for our business segments on an as reported basis as well excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. We've included a reconciliation by segment is in the appendix to this presentation. Let's get started by looking at slide number 11 on retail. As a reminder, this segment is the one of the most impacted by the adoption of the new revenue standard as we shifted approximately $24 million of revenues and almost $12 million of profit out of the second quarter to other quarters in the year. This movement was primarily to recognize revenues upon the binding of coverage rather than our past practice of recognizing revenue upon the later date of either billed or effective and to recognize contingent commissions throughout the year rather than when received. As a result, we've experienced a significant change in our revenues and margin for the first two quarters of the year and expect a smaller impact for the third and fourth quarters. Later in the presentation, we will provide an update. For the second quarter, our retail segment delivered total revenue growth, excluding the new revenue standard, of 7.8% and 4.3% organic revenue growth. Our EBITDAC margin for the quarter, excluding the new revenue standard, declined by 100 basis points, and was driven by increased intercompany allocations for technology, as well as our investment to upgrade our agency management systems, and as we mentioned earlier, increased non-cash stock-based compensation as our equity plans are performing higher than expected, resulting in incremental costs.  Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, our income before income tax margin grew by 180 basis points, benefiting primarily from lower intercompany interest and lower changes in acquisition earn-out payables. Over to slide number 12. The primary impact for the quarter on our national programs segment, from the new revenue standard, was related to contingent commissions. For the quarter, we moved approximately $5 million of revenue and profit to other quarters. Excluding the impact of  new standard, total revenues increased by 8.7% and grew 6.4% organically. As discussed earlier, organic revenue benefited from approximately $4.4 million of revenue related to our Core Commercial program and strong growth realized by both our residential and commercial earthquake programs. EBITDAC grew by 6.3% due to the continued leveraging of our revenues, disciplined expense management, and increased contingent commissions, all which helped to partially offset the investment in our Core Commercial program. As a reminder, as of 7/1, we'll pass the one year mark since the establishment of this program.  Since we're still in the investment phase, we'll have a negative impact on margins in the third quarter, and then we'll start to improve margins in the fourth quarter and into 2019 as we scale our investment. For the quarter, our income before income tax increased 26.5%, impacted by EBITDAC drivers we just mentioned as well as lower inter-company interest expense. Move over to slide number 13. In contrast to the National Programs segment, the impact of the new revenue standard on the Wholesale segment was a decrease in revenues and operating profit of approximately $2 million. This adjustment was primarily for contingent commissions.  Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, the Wholesale Brokerage segment delivered total revenue growth of 3.5% and organic revenue growth of 5.3%. During the quarter, we continued to realize a decrease in contingent commissions as well as some timing between the first and second quarter. Our EBITDAC excluding new revenue standard decreased by 6.8% for the quarter. The decrease is attributable to additional expenses associated with inter-company technology allocations, foreign exchange, non-cash stock-based compensation, and lower contingent commissions.  Income before income taxes decreased 4.5%, impacted by the same factors contributing to the EBITDAC contraction, but was partially offset by lower estimated acquisition earn-out payables. Moving over to Slide number 14. The Services segment excluding the new revenue standard delivered revenue growth of 7% and organic revenue growth was 7.1% versus the prior year. This increase was driven by strong growth in most of our businesses with some offset for lower claims activity.  The impact of the new revenue standard was an increase in revenues of approximately $1.5 million and $1 million of profit. For the quarter, our EBITDAC, excluding the new revenue standard, increased 2.8% and was less than the revenue growth due to new client on-boarding costs and lower claims activity. Moving over to slide number 15. We've included an updated outlook for the remaining quarters associated with the new revenue standard. We've broken down the impact between core commissions and fees, contingent commissions, employee compensation and benefits, and other operating expenses.  For the second quarter, we had estimated the negative impact upon revenues to be in the range of $18 million to $23 million, and the actuals were approximately $27 million. The higher impact was driven primarily by the timing for the receipt of incentive commissions versus our expectation. We estimate the impact upon income before income taxes to be in the range of $13 million to $14 million, and the actuals were about $17 million, which equates to about $0.01 less of income per share.  Weve updated our outlook for the remaining two quarters and the full year and expect revenues to increase $4.8 million and income before income taxes to increase $5 million to $9 million as a result of implementing the new revenue standard. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown : Thank you, Andy. Great report. In closing, we're pleased with our performance for the second quarter and where we're positioned at the midpoint of the year. I want to thank all of our teammates for their efforts delivering the results that we've talked about.  I'd like to make several broad comments about the company. We believe the economy remains on a good path and that should help drive exposure unit growth. That's a positive for Brown & Brown. As it relates to the M&A landscape, we've started the third quarter with good momentum and have already closed five transactions with annual revenues of approximately $30 million. That is in that $83 million that we talked about.  We remain actively engaged with many companies and are optimistic that we'll be able to close more transactions over the coming months. But, as we've stated before, nothing is done until it's signed. From a capital allocations standpoint, we've deployed all the cash we generated during the first half of the year and utilized some of the cash from our balance sheet. The first six months we've deployed over $140 million for acquisitions and prepaid $100 million of debt during the quarter. We're well positioned with our capital structure and have accessed sufficient capital through our $800 million revolver in cash on our balance sheet to fund our growth.  We remain focused upon our investments in technology and evaluating the InsureTech landscape, as we believe these initiatives will help us provide the platforms and capabilities to support our growth and profitability in the future. As you know, our company is defined by our culture, our teammates, and our discipline. It is the combination of these three that delivers our consistent financial performance. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jennifer for the Q&A segment.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters : Good morning. Thanks for the call. I've wanted to just -- if we could circle back to slide 10, where you go through your EBITDAC margin walk. One, it didn't really, there wasn't any significant mention of the five-for-five program. And two, as we think about just the year-to-date results, it seems to be the EBITDAC margin's running on an adjusted basis below your longer term 33%-35% range. So, as we think about the outlook for the next several quarters, can you talk about where we might get some tailwind, where some of the investments and expenses might work to benefit the margins going forward?
Powell Brown : So, Greg, number one, if you're looking at Page 10 and you're specifically thinking about the other segment down there at 50 BPS, I would tell you about 40 BPS of that are what I would call one time in nature. There are some recurring BPS in there as well, but about 40 BPS of the 50 is non-recurring, that's number one.  Number two, if would encourage you to know that if you think about the performance on a year-to-date basis. And if you remember, in the first quarter, we were talking about somebody had asked questions about organic growth in retail and how that should look long-term. If you look at our margins, actually year-to-date against last year, and you take out the 60 basis points for impact of Core Commercial, we're basically flat. I think we're within 20 basis points year-to-date. So having said that, we have talked about and well continue to talk about making investments in our business. Five-for-five, we're very pleased with. And we're very pleased with the organic growth for retail in the quarter. But like I said, periodically and on quarter-over-quarter, we'll have some fluctuations in the organic growth and the earnings in each of those divisions.  We have not revised our situation or our position on our targeted range. I will tell you this and I know you know this Greg, but when we make acquisitions, acquisitions are typically at margins that are lower than our company average, and many times they're lower than the divisional average or segment average. And so, over time, we try to bring those up to the average or in excess of the average.  And so, I know that we haven't done as many acquisitions in the last couple of years, but I'm just saying that relative to the business that we've acquired and so all of that kind of rolls up into the impact on our numbers.
Andrew Watts : Okay, Greg, I wanted to add on the retail incentive program. Just as a reminder, how that program was designed and how its performing, the largest impact on our margin would be last year, then we are going to get a little bit of benefit in 2018 and then we get back to about breakeven by the end of 19. So, it's difficult to see it on any one individual quarter. It would be easier to probably measure it on a full year basis as we look through. But as what we can see underlying, last year performed right in line with our expectations, and at the half year mark it's doing the same. So, we feel really good with the program.
Greg Peters : As just a point of clarification on the Arrowhead Core Commercial, will that be a margin headwind or tailwind in 2019?
Powell Brown : That will actually be a tailwind in 2019. So let me just go back just to make sure we clarify this a little bit. So we started this in July of last year. So this is why we've had a benefit to the organic growth for the past four quarters, but it's also been a drag on the margins. As we make the lap here, July 1st is the organic will moderate down a little bit. We're going to have some additional expense in the third quarter, building up a platform. Then as we head to the fourth quarter, the margins start to increase a little bit and that will just continue every year thereafter. It's going to move around a little bit by quarter based upon some of the seasonality of the business underlined. So, you want to look at it on a full-year basis. But as we said before, by the time we get out to the end of 21, we should be at commensurate margins with National Programs. And again, it's performing right in line with expectations.
Greg Peters : Great. Thanks for the clarity. My second question would be around organic revenue as we think about the next several quarters. It's clearly been doing very well. And -- but I know last year -- at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, you did benefit from some weather related activities. And I'm curious if we should be thinking about those unusual non-recurring type of activities as we think about organic in specifically the fourth quarter of this year and perhaps the first quarter of next year?
Powell Brown : The answer to your question, Greg, is yes. In Q3 and Q4, you should be thinking about that. And remember, back on the Core Commercial program, that's not included -- I mean, it's inorganic growth going forward, but not the organic growth because we got that given to us. So, that represents about 100 basis points of organic growth. So, you need to be thinking about that in national programs and, or in other segments of the business that could have and specifically those that are adjusting claims if we don't have weather-related events in Q3 and Q4.
Andrew Watts : So Greg, it would be, when you look at programs -- if you go back to the earnings call for the third and fourth quarter of last year, and even look at Q1 of this year, we called out the incremental revenues on there. You try just, you probably will anyway, but just take those into consideration when doing your projections to get to an underlying.
Operator: We'll go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan : Hi. Good morning. My first question I guess, just going back to one of Greg's questions on margins. So you said 40 basis points was about one time in nature this quarter. Could we get a little bit of additional color on what was one time? And then, I'm just curious, are all of those one-time expenses showing up in the other operating expense line? Because, that looked a bit higher than where it had been running.
Andrew Watts : Yeah, good morning. It was a combination of one time -- both in salary related as well as down in other.
Elyse Greenspan : Can you just, given it's like, what would put something as one time in nature that you wouldn't necessarily expect to continue from here?
Powell Brown : Someone leaving the company.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. And then in terms of the retail growth, pretty strong in the quarter. And you guys called out commercial and employee benefit growth. Is it possible to get a little bit of color in terms of the growth that both of those businesses are running at on an organic basis?
Powell Brown : We don't break out lines of business organic growth, as you know. But, we're very pleased with the performance of the retail segment across the country. And, so like I said, we don't break that out.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. But, one wasn't significantly better than the other.
Powell Brown : No. They both were positive. But, we didn't clarify. We just highlighted because they both were positive toward the organic growth.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay, great. As we think about margins from here. Andy, I believe you said that non-cash stock compensation might be a little bit higher in the back half? Is there any way that you can help us quantify the potential hit to margins. I guess as we're thinking through kind of the items that you called out? It seems like you did say the core commercial would be a hit in the third and then benefit in the fourth quarter. So, in terms of the non-stock compensation, it seems like that's the only hit in the back half of the year, if I guess, the tech investment will be a benefit to come to that full year net neutral. I just want to make sure I'm thinking through the three components correctly for the back half of the year margin impact.
Andrew Watts : Sure. I guess, so I think on the non-cash stock compensation, it was with the 20 basis point impact this quarter. That's probably a good proxy for right now. And then it may move around a little bit based upon ultimate performance.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. And then in terms of the IT investment, am I thinking about that correctly? So you said it will be net neutral for the full year. Do you get a benefit in the second half of the year or is there still going to be a hit to margins in the second half of the year?
Andrew Watts : Elyse, there will be minimal impact in the third quarter, so its -- that's third quarter year-over-year. And then there will be a little bit of a benefit in the fourth quarter year-over-year. So, full year will be about flat. So just going back, first quarter, we were 20 basis points of impact, 10 basis points this quarter. That will start to reverse back out in the third and fourth. 
Elyse Greenspan : Okay, great. And then one last quick question. You called out, sorry, go ahead. 
Andrew Watts : Just make sure you keep in mind the impact of contingent commissions on a full year and the impact on margins. I know you probably look at the guide in there, I just want to remind you of it.
Elyse Greenspan : Okay. And then in terms of you guys called out it was a little bit surprise, you called out currency in your Wholesale segment. I wouldn't think that would've had a major impact on margins. Was it just calling it out because it was a slight impact I guess stemming from your UK business in the quarter?
Andrew Watts : Yes, if you remember, we called it out last year. So, this is kind of a flip back to the other side. That its not that it's a lot, but its just we had one that was a debit last year, we had a credit this year. So youve kind of got the inverse. Generally, not a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields : Thanks. Good morning. So on the M&A front, I guess two questions in terms of margins. One, does the pickup in deals being closed have any impact on quarterly expenses?
Andrew Watts : A little, but I would say it's not that material.
Powell Brown : Yes, it just depends on the individual acquisition, Meyer, and what we have the way of integration costs, we have historically not broken any of those out. Just we leave them in our number coming through. So it just depends on the individual.
Meyer Shields : And can you give us a sense of the timeline, I know it varies by deal, but timeline for getting these lower margin acquisitions up to overall grow level or segment level margins?
Powell Brown : Okay, so, I think it's different by business, and it's all about leadership and discipline over a long period of time. So think about what we've talked about in the past. Many of these are S-corporations, where there are a number of expenses in there that are being taken out and normalized shareholder or leader compensation.  And so in doing so, as we said, many of those, the target is 25% operating margin. And over time, during an earn-out, they actually have an incentive to grow not only top-line but to grow the bottom-line. But going forward as well in the way our incentive -- our compensation plans work, there's a profit pool driven off the profit in that individual office. So, growing that can grow your compensation. So, it depends. There is no stated, this is how long it takes, Meyer. I know you want to be able to say okay three years, and there can be lots of different things that impact that. It could be geography, it could be classes of business that they write. It could be the economy. If you write a lot of construction and the economy turns down. If you are in the property space and rates have come down substantially over the last 3 years. There are a number of factors that go in there, but I would say multiple years and it's more than three. But, you can't say, here's the number.
Meyer Shields : Okay. So that's fair. That's helpful. I understand the complexity. And then one final question. When we used to have more dramatic hard and soft markets, there was some pushback from the carriers in terms of overall commission rates. I know we're talking about fairly modest rate changes now, but is there any of that pressure emerging?
Powell Brown : Let me say this way. As you know, insurance carriers -- many of them are not models of efficiency. So, they're trying to look at expenses wherever they can. However, there is so much capital out there and so many carriers want the premium that that buffers that. And so I would tell you that, we have very little conversation with our trading partners about reductions in commissions. I think ultimately they're thinking about, excuse me, and particularly, the big standard carriers in the United States are thinking about how they can do more with fewer. And that means fewer and deeper relationships with their trading partners. So, as we continue to get bigger, and we are quite large in many of those instances, that bodes well for us. So, that's how we look at it. No, we haven't seen that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, there are no further questions.
Powell Brown : Alright. I'd like to say thanks again, everybody. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - EVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Arash Soleimani - KBW Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Mark Hughes - SunTrust Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Adam Klauber - William Blair Mike Zirinsky - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the Companys anticipated financial results for first quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the Companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the Company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the Companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the Companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the Companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the Companys website at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Debby, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our first quarter 2018 earnings call. I am on slide four. For the quarter, we delivered $501.5 million of revenue, growing 7.8% in total and 5.7% organically with the latter excluding the impact of adopting the new revenue recognition standards. For convenience, during this call, we will refer to this adoption of the new standard, simply as the new revenue standard. Our EBITDAC margin was 31.2%, which is down a 160 basis points. The decline was driven by the gain from the legal settlement received in the first quarter of last year. Later in the presentation, well discuss the movements of our margin in more detail. Our net income per share for the first quarter of 2018 increased to $0.32 from $0.25 in the first quarter of 17, driven by the impact of the new revenue standard and the ongoing benefit from federal income tax reform. Our net income per share excluding the change in acquisition earn-out payables was $0.33 for the first quarter, increasing 50% as compared to the first quarter of last year. Finally, we completed acquisitions with annual revenues of approximately $9.5 million during the quarter. Were pleased with the top and the bottom line results for the quarter and have really good momentum across the Company. Later in the presentation, Andy will discuss in more detail our results, excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. Im on slide five. Before we get into the results for the quarter by segment, I wanted to make some broad comments about the economy and rates. From an economic standpoint, we continue to see expansion across most geographies and industries. Customers feel better about their prospects going forward, and are investing in their businesses. Construction projects, big and small are popping up in most communities around the country and companies are hiring. The next topic obviously is rates. As weve mentioned over the last couple of calls, we were cautious regarding how much rates would increase on the heels of the weather related events last year. We have seen a very modest impact to rates. They are generally flat to up slightly, excluding automobile in some coastal property. The main area of interest -- I know youll ask questions around coastal property, earlier in the quarter we were seeing rate increases of 5% to 15%. Thats highly dependent on loss experience. And as the quarter continued, rate increases were more in the 3% to 7% range. Loss free accounts were at the low end of that or even reductions. While those properties sustained losses, could be in the high single digits to low double digits or higher, depending on the damages sustained. At the end of the day, there is still a tremendous amount of capital in the market chasing a finite number of risks. We would not be surprised to see rates moderate downward a bit further during the second quarter and in the storm season this summer. Retaining the other lines of coverage, commercial and personal auto continued to increase the most with rates moving up in the 5% to 10% range. Many of the carriers auto books are running hot and they have been trying to close the gap with rate increases. Professional liability and general liability rates were mixed but essentially flat. Rate increases from employee benefits continued to rise with small group under 50 typically seeing the highest rate increases of 5% to 15% and then as the group sizes increase, premium rates have moderated with the increases in the range of 2% to 5%. Obviously, this is all dependent on loss experience. From a technology investment standpoint, we continue to make good progress and our programs are on plan. As a reminder, our investment in technology -- investments in technology are a combination of one, standardizing certain systems across the Company such as having one agency management system for all of the retail segment; two, upgrading our core infrastructure to current version; three, reducing inefficient technology spend; and four, continuing to gain better insight into our data across the Company that we can use for the benefit of our customers and our teammates, ultimately to grow our business even faster. I am very pleased with the progress of our team who are putting a great deal of time and effort into implementing these important initiatives. Im on slide six. So, lets talk about the performance of our four segments. From a retail segment perspective, we grew 2% organically for the quarter. Last year in the first quarter, you may remember, after calling out for timing, we grew 3% organically. We had some sales that didnt come to fruition in the quarter within our employee benefits businesses. We believe these should close later in the year. We did realize improved year-over-year performance within our commercial line of business. Our national programs segment had a great quarter, growing 12.5% organically. This was driven by several programs including growth in our core commercial program, additional revenue related to processing the final hurricane claims from last year, increased sales activity in commercial and personal earthquake, growth in our all risk program and continued momentum in our lender-placed business. Regarding our core commercial program. We recognized about $4 million of revenue this quarter. Were pleased with the operational and financial performance of this program. Its in line with our expectations, which we shared during our second quarter 2017 earnings call. I would like to recognize our team for doing a great job in transitioning this program from one of our carrier partners. As a reminder, were in the investment phase; and as a result, there will be an impact on margins in 2018, with the most significant impact in the first half of this year. We expect margin expansion in the second half of this year as compared to 17 and that should continue into 2019. For the quarter, we realized approximately $3 million of claims processing revenues associated with the 2017 storm events. At the end of the quarter, we closed substantially all of the claims from last year. Our wholesale brokerage segment delivered solid organic revenue growth of 6.1% for the quarter. We realized growth in both our binding authority and transactional brokerage businesses, as well as across most lines of coverage, industries and geographies. Rates across most lines are flat to up slightly with cat property generally 3% to 7% up, depending on loss experience. As I said earlier, weve seen them down and weve seen them in the double digits, depending on loss experience. Our services segment had great results with 8.3% organic revenue growth for the quarter. This was driven by many of our businesses that won new customers and expanded relationships with existing customers. We realized growth in our claims advocacy businesses as well as our claims management businesses. In summary, we are pleased with the performance of our business for the quarter. Now, let me turn over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. On the following slides, were going to present our GAAP results, then our adjusted results excluding the impacts of acquisition earn-outs and one-time items, and then were going to exclude the impact of the new revenue standard including for the calculation of organic growth. We believe this presentation will help in the understanding of our underlying performance year-on-year. We plan to use this format for the remainder of 2018; then in 2019, we will be on a comparative basis. Moving on slide number seven, this presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the first quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 7.8% and organic growth of 5.7%, driven by organic growth in all four segments. Our income before income tax, increased by 6.7%; our EBITDAC grew by 2.8%; our net income grew by 29.5%; and our diluted net income per share increased by 28% to $0.32 versus $0.25 in the first quarter of last year. The growth in our financial metrics except for organic revenue growth was impacted by the adoption of new revenue standard this year and a $20 million legal settlement we received in the first quarter of last year. The growth in net income and diluted net income per share in excess of revenue growth was driven by leveraging our revenues in a lower effective federal tax rate, resulting from tax reform last year. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 23.3% as compared to 36.8% last year with our effective tax rate, benefiting from the 14% decrease in the statutory federal corporate income tax rate. Remember that the first quarter of each year we normally have a lower effective tax rate due to the benefit associated with vesting of stock grants to our teammates. For the year, we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 27.5%. Our weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased approximately 1% compared to the prior year due to the stock repurchases we completed in the second half of last year. As a reminder, we executed a 2 for 1 stock split on March 28 of this year. And lastly, our dividends per share increased to $0.075 per share or 10% compared to last year. Moving over to slide number eight. This slide presents certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial highlights after removing the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables for the first quarter of each year and the legal settlement last year. Since the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables is non-cash and can fluctuate by quarter and the previously mentioned legal settlement was nonrecurring, we have historically evaluated the business excluding these adjustments as we believe to provide better understanding of our year-on-year performance. However, for 2018, we will also be excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, which is shown on the next slide. For the quarter, on an adjusted basis, our total revenues grew by 12.7% with a little less than half of this growth, resulting from the adoption of the new revenue standard. Income before income taxes is increased by 25.7%, growing faster than revenues due to lower depreciation and amortization. Our EBITDAC increased by 17.3%, benefiting from a $2.5 million gain associated with an earn-out for the business we sold in 2015. Our net income grew by 52.5%, driven by the lower effective tax rate for the quarter. On an adjusted basis, our net income per share was $0.33 as compared to $0.22 in the prior year, growing 50%. Moving over to slide number nine. This presents our results after removing the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years, the legal settlement last year, and the impact of the implementation of the new revenue standard for the first quarter of this year. We believe this presentation provides the most comparative basis when evaluating our performance year-over-year. For the quarter, on this basis, our revenues increased by 6.5%; income before income tax increased by 10.6%; EBITDAC increased by 6.4%; and our EBITDAC margins were flat year-over-year. Our net income grew by 34.2% and our diluted net income per share was $0.29 as compared to $0.22 in the prior year, growing almost 32%. Higher growth in income before income taxes was driven by lower depreciation and amortization; and our net income growth as compared to total revenue growth was driven by leveraging our revenues, disciplined expense management and the lower effective tax rate. Moving over to slide number 10. This slide presents the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, the change in other income was driven by the legal settlement last year. Our total commissions and fees increased by 12.6% as compared to the prior year. Our contingent commission decreased by $18 million as compared to the first quarter of last year. This was driven primarily by the adoption of the new revenue standard that requires contingent commissions to be recognized upon the effective date of the underlying policies rather than received from our previous treatment. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, contingents were flat year-over-year as decreases were less than anticipated, we qualified for some new contingents and we had some favorable timing. When we released earnings last year, we provided guidance that we expected are continues decrease for the full year, about 6 to $8 million. Since they did not decrease as much as expected in the first quarter, we are now projecting the full year decrease to be in the range of $3 million to $5 million. Guarantee supplemental commissions were not impacted by the adoption of the new revenue standard. Core commissions and fees increased by $45.6 million associated with implementation of new revenue standard. This impact was primarily within the retail segment, which we will discuss later. The total revenue impact for the first quarter related to the adoption of new revenue standard was about $27 million, which is in the range of the previous guidance that we provided on our Q4 earnings call. And then, excluding the impact of M&A activity and the new revenue standard, our organic revenue growth was 5.7%, driven by growth in all segments. We will move over to slide number 11. To provide some insight into the components of our EBITDAC margin, weve included a walk of our quarterly EBITDAC margin from last year to this year and highlighted the main drivers. The legal settlement benefited our margins last year by approximately 270 basis points. The new revenue standard benefited our current quarter margin by approximately 120 basis points. Later in the presentation, we will discuss the impact of the new revenue standard on future quarters. As we discussed in the past two quarters, we are in the investment phase for our core commercial program that we launched in July 2017. The investment this quarter impacted our margin by approximately 50 basis points, which is in line with our expectations. For current quarter, the impact on our investment and technology was about 30 basis points. As we mentioned on last quarters call, there might be some impact to our margins in the first half of this year, but we do not anticipate any impact on a full-year basis, as compared to 2017. Please refer back to our technology slide that we included in our fourth quarter results for any guidance on future projections. Nothing has changed during the first quarter that would impact these expectations. The incremental effect of the year-over-year change and the net gain on disposals contributed about 50 basis points to our margin, and this was driven by a gain we realized for an earn-out we received from business sold in 2015. Lastly, the business increased margins about 20 basis points from organic growth and continued disciplined expense management. On the following slides, we have presented the results of our business segments on an as reported basis as well excluding the impact of the new revenue standard. A reconciliation by segment is in the appendix to this presentation. Moving over to slide number 12 now. By segment, were going to start with retail. This segment is one of the most impacted by the adoption of the new revenue standard as we moved approximately $30 million of revenues and almost $19 million of profit from future quarters into the first quarter. This movement was primarily to recognize revenues upon the binding of coverage rather than our past practice of recognizing revenue upon the later date of either billed or effective and to recognize contingent commissions throughout the year rather than received. As a result, were going to have a significant change in our revenues and margin for the first two quarters of the year and a smaller impact to the third and fourth quarters. Later in the presentation, we will provide a little more of an update on this. For the first quarter, our retail segment delivered total revenue growth excluding the new revenue standard of 3.9% and 2% organic revenue growth, driven substantially by all lines of business. For the quarter, EBITDAC declined by 4% or 230 basis points, driven by our investment in talent to help support future growth; increased non-cash stock-based compensation as our equity plans our performing higher than expected, resulting in incremental costs. A large portion of this is one time in nature and we had increased intercompany allocations for technology as well as our investment to upgrade our agency management systems. Our income before income tax grew by 5.3%, benefiting primarily from lower intercompany interest. Moving over to slide number 13. Our national programs segment had minimal impact this quarter associated with the new revenue standard. For the quarter, total revenues excluding the impact of the new standard increased by 10.4% and 12.5% organically. As discussed earlier, organic revenue benefited from approximately $4 million of revenue related to our core commercial program and approximately $3 million of claims processing revenue associated with hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Isolating these items, our organic growth was still 5% for the quarter, driven by a number of programs. Our EBITDAC grew by 11.7% due to continued leveraging our revenues and disciplined expense management that helped offset the net investment in our core commercial program. For the quarter, our income before income tax increased 59%, impacted by the EBITDAC drivers we just mentioned as well as lower intercompany interest expense. Moving over to slide number 14. The wholesale brokerage segment had a significant impact associated with the adoption of the new revenue standard, primarily for the recognition of contingent commissions. Historically, we received most contingent commissions in the first quarter. These will now be recognized throughout the year. Excluding the impact of the new revenue standard, total revenues grew 8.6% and organic revenue growth was 6.1%. Excluding the new revenue standard for the quarter, our contingent commissions were up year-over-year but benefited from some timing. Although the underlying performance was better than anticipated, we do continue to expect downward pressure for the remainder of 2018. This is the primary reason for our full year guidance of a $3 million to $5 million decrease in contingent commissions that we mentioned earlier. Our EBITDAC increased by 7.8% for the quarter, when excluding the new revenue standard. The growth was slightly slower than total revenues due to lower contingent commissions, increased non-cash stock compensation costs which are driven by higher performance versus original targets and higher intercompany IT allocation. Income before income taxes grew 3.3%, impacted by the same factors contributing to EBITDAC growth and higher estimated acquisition earn-out payables.  Over slide number 15. The services segment excluding the charge associated with the new revenue standard delivered revenue growth of 8.4% and organic revenue growth was 8.3% versus the prior year. For the quarter, our EBITDAC increased almost 41% through solid revenue growth, leveraging our revenues, disciplined expense management, and the gain associated with an earn-out from the sale of a business in 2015. Excluding this gain of $2.5 million, EBITDAC grew almost 13%. Our income before income tax increased by almost 64%, benefiting from EBITDAC drivers and lower intercompany interest charges. Moving over to slide number 16. On this slide, weve included an updated outlook for the remaining quarters associated with the new revenue standard. Weve broken down the impact between core commissions and fees, contingent commissions, employee compensation and benefits, and then other operating expenses. Hopefully, this will help everyone with your modeling. On a full-year basis, we now expect revenues to increase $8 million to $11 million and income before income taxes to increase $7 million $9 million as a result of the implementing the new standard. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. In closing, were really pleased with the performance for the first quarter, driven by the efforts of all of our teammates across the Company. Id like to make several broad comments about the Company in conclusion. We are a sales and service organization, which is going through a digital transformation. We continue to evaluate emerging technologies and innovative companies that can help us improve the customer and teammate experience. Not unlike the cyclical nature of organic growth, our spend may vary by quarter. Its an exciting process, but a bit daunting at the same time. Were optimistic about our investment in teammates; those as well may vary by quarter. With all the capital out there today, it is presenting new challenges for our carrier partners. Were well-positioned to continue to work closely with them to develop additional solutions for our customers. Our Company, as you know, is defined by our culture and our teammates. Were proud of what weve built. Our culture defines us as a company. Weve not done as many acquisitions over the past three years as our historical averages. However, Im pleased with the $9.5 million weve done year-to-date, but wed like to do more that fit our culture and make sense financially. Im confident there will be plenty of opportunities to invest in our business in the future. Apparently, many people out there think of us as a retail broker only. That could not be further from the truth. Retail represents, as you know, just over 50% of our total revenues. Were diversified insurance broker. Its this diversity that reduces the volatility in our results and increases stability and consistency. National Programs represents 26% of our revenue. This is where weve been granted delegated underwriting authority to assume risk on behalf of our carrier partners within a defined box. Several examples of programs would include earthquake, wind in coastal communities, professional liability on dentists, et cetera. Wholesale represents 15% of our revenues. In this business, we sell property, casualty and professional liability that standard markets dont want or cannot price as competitively. Examples include a coastal frame apartment complex with $25 million of total insured values, the liability on underwater demolition contractor or the directors and officers liability on a small struggling technology company. Our services segment represents 9% of our company. In this segment, we have businesses that include third-party claims administration for workers compensation and all lines liability and claims adjusting businesses that support our programs. Its this combination of our four segments and the underlying businesses that provide stability and consistency in the delivery of our financial results each quarter and each year. With that, let me turn it back over to Debbie for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first today to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. My first question, I want to start out in terms of just thinking about the overall margin profile. If we exclude the impact of legal settlement and revenue recognition, your adjusted EBITDAC margin was about flat year-over-year. I know there are some items you call out. And as we think about forward numbers for the balance of the year, well still have the impact from the Arrowhead program. Is that what we should really be thinking about in terms of maybe an impact from that program and then adjust for rev rec impact in your margins kind of flat or slight improvement over all? Can you just help us tie your comments together in terms of the margin profile you see for the balance of 18?
Andy Watts: Yes. I think youve hit on some of the key areas. Let me just kind of run through these for everybody. So, make sure you incorporate rev rec because that is a little bit higher from a benefit than what we anticipated before. Weve given the guidance on core commercial. So, again, continue to use that for the full year, make sure you adjust for the contingents. Again, we had projected on those be down 6 to 8, then on 3 to 5. Technology should be flat year-over-year. Those would be the biggest items.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, in terms of the retail comp program, I know you guys had called out some headwinds last year. Did that not have enough of an impact to call out that hit this year?
Andy Watts: Yes. Maybe youll recall back on this. When we implemented the program, what we said is that the largest impact financially would be in the first year; and then each year after that we get compounding effect of the higher organic revenue growth. So, theres less margin impact in the second year and then by -- we said, by 2019 that we would be somewhere around breakeven.
Powell Brown: So thats at the end of 19.
Andy Watts: Yes, the end of 19. So, the plan is performing exactly the way we anticipated.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the retail organic growth, Powell, I do appreciate you pointed to the dispersion between your different businesses. But, if we wanted to think about that segment, the growth slowed in the quarter. Is there any way you could help us parse out the growth between employee benefit and your commercial business, just to kind of see the disparate trends as it seems like the employee benefits is what drove the slowdown. And did you guys see -- I know we saw a pickup in growth in the fourth quarter, do you think that there was some organic revenue that got pulled forward as some brokerage were looking to hit -- hit their targets under the comp program at the full year?
Powell Brown: Okay. So, couple of comments, Elyse. Number one, as you know, last year in retail, our stated organic growth by quarter was 4% in Q1 of which we called out 1% on timing; it was 1.1% in Q2; it was 2.5% in Q3; and it was 4% in Q4. So, thats 2.9% for the year. So, as we said, although we are measured every 90 days by an earnings call, we dont look at the performance of the business in a vacuum of 90 days. Were looking at the progress that were making year-over-year and so forth, number one. Number two, no that would be -- you could from an outside standpoint potentially draw that conclusion about a sales incentive, but that sales incentive is ongoing, its not one-time in nature. So, based upon all of the analysis that weve done so far, we dont see anything that indicates something where somebody tried to pull something forward or anything. Number three, remember, I look at it and say it was 3% organic growth in 2017 Q1 and it was 2% this time. We do not break out the performance specifically of employee benefits versus commercial lines. We are commenting on a broad case. Once again, it is the overall business performance. It was 2%. And like I said, it was compared to 3% last year, and we grew 2.1% or really stated 1.1% in Q2 of last year. So, we think we have good opportunities for growth in both our employee benefits businesses and our P&C business forward.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And then, one last question, Andy, in terms of the tax rate, you said that for the full year its 27 to 27.5, even with the lower Q1 rate. So, does that mean youre expecting something thats higher up in the 20s, like maybe 29% or so for the balance of the three quarters, to get to that full-year level? Did I understand that correctly?
Andy Watts: Yes. So, couple of things on that. So remember, first quarter of ever year, were almost always going to have a lower effective tax rate, as we talked about last year, because of the tax benefit on vesting of equity grants. And then, it jumps up in the back end of the year. So, yes, the rate will go up in the second through fourth quarters. As we talked about at year-end, now, remember, just because theres the drop in the federal rate, there is two other components to it. We lose a portion of the deductibility for the state and then there is also the elimination of entertainment cost in there as well as comp over $1 million for the 162 [ph] officers. So, thats what gives us the blended on full year we think around 27, 27.5.
Operator: We will take our next question from the Arash Soleimani with KBW. 
Arash Soleimani: I just wanted to touch on the M&A comments at the end. So, does it sound -- are you trying to communicate that perhaps youre a bit more optimistic on M&A prospects today than you were maybe a quarter or two ago?
Powell Brown: No, the answer, which is the same answer four years ago is the inventory and pipeline is good. And I dont believe anything till its closed. Im just trying to make sure that people understand that we are very conscious of our capital allocation commitments and look for a balanced approach. And were always looking. And sometimes there are opportunities for us to close. And sometimes theres not as many. But, at the end of the day, we think inventory overall is good. And Im not trying to signal one thing versus the other. Im basically trying to say, I believe that were consistent in our activity. We sometimes close more than others. Its all about cultural fit and making sense financially.
Arash Soleimani: And just to clarify again on 5 for 5. [Ph] Did that have any margin impact this quarter? And again, there is a point there that you should get back in 2019 some of the margin you lost in 2018 or that there will be some incremental pressure in 19, sorry, in 18.
Andy Watts: Hi, Arash, its Andy here. No, there was no impact of the retail performance incentive plan in the first quarter. And we would expect margin improvement little bit in 18 and then also towards -- going through 19. Thanks.
Arash Soleimani: And then, lastly, on services, to what extent were the claims processing revenues you planned out, this quarter, was any of that weather-related or was it all ex-weather?
Andy Watts: Yes. There is not a tremendous amount in there on weather-related. As we said in our comments that really came down to -- we just won a lot of new business, which was great. And we did a great job of expanding relationship with existing...
Powell Brown: But there was $3 million in the national programs.
Andy Watts: National programs, but not in services.
Powell Brown: Lets make sure -- did you hear that?
Arash Soleimani: Yes. And that $3 million was from the 2017 hurricanes, right?
Powell Brown: Correct. That is why I wanted to make sure you -- were clear on where that was, just make sure its in national programs. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. First question, just drill down a bit more on the margin questions. So, it looks like there would be no full year impact on IT spend. And Arrowhead, it looks like there is going to be margin contraction in the first half, but expansion is second half. And youll grow organically like 5% or more, which is about 3% the threshold people think, they will have margin expansion. So, shall we expect margin expansion versus 2017 for the full year?
Powell Brown: Wait a minute. Are we saying that in programs?
Kai Pan: No, overall.
Powell Brown: And so, remember lets back up for just a second. The 5.7% organic growth that we enjoyed in Q1 is one quarter. And we have said historically that we have -- we believe the business is a mid to low single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. So, yes, we have some drags on margin because of investment in programs i.e. core commercial and some other things. But just because -- I thought you were trending towards national programs, just because national programs grew 12 plus percent in Q1, doesnt mean they are going to grow 12 plus percent next quarter.
Andy Watts: And Kai, just make sure, when doing the comparative year-on-year, dont forget about the legal settlement that we had in the first quarter. So, that was 270 basis points for this quarter but its going to impact the year-over-year, adjusted or not.
Kai Pan: Ill just try to figure out, because last year, if you adjust legal settlement, then probably youre running around 31% EBITDAC margin. Just wonder for 2018 will that be sort of higher than that, or there still continue going to be some pressure in the near-term on that margin?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we said -- when Andy says the technology investment is going to be flat, there is still -- were going to still make the investments. So, its not exceeding; its the same amount.
Andy Watts: Yes. Its not a year-over-year impact. 
Kai Pan: Okay, great. And then, follow-up on the national programs. If youre excluding out the 3 points from the flood and 4 points from these core programs, Andy you mentioned that the underlying 5%, very strong still. So, how much that is -- do you think its sustainable coming from either pricing or new business?
Powell Brown: One, its from new business, so Kai, just so you know. And the program that we listed across the board, in addition to a lot of our other programs but all of them are having success in writing new business and retaining a good amount of the renewal business. Having said that, we talked about earlier the amount of other capital in the marketplace. And when we have the underwriting authority on behalf of one carrier, were assuming risk for them. And so, we have to be mindful of new entrants into any market at any given time which could impact the growth trajectory of that individual program. So, its hard for us to tell, because it is always kind of in state of flux. Some markets are pulling out, some markets are coming in, and actually, other capital is coming in looking for returns and what we referred to as uncorrelated asset classes. So, hard to estimate. I mean, I wish I could give you a more specific. But, just remember, the program business is a wonderful business and were very excited about it and are looking to invest in it, just like all four of our businesses. And there are other entrants that can come in on a quarterly or a yearly basis; they can peck away a little bit at your business. And so, you got adjust and modify throughout the year, but its very hard to give you an estimate that were going to grow x percent next quarter. We like the trajectory. Were very pleased. 
Kai Pan: Thanks for the color. And lastly on acquisitions, I just wonder has tax reform impact potential sentiment in terms of valuation of the deals, as well as higher interest rate, would that impact any sort of potential valuation from private equity funds?
Powell Brown: Well, we havent seen any indication of a change in the way others view acquisitions yet. So, itd be purely speculation on our part. At this point, we havent seen any slowdown in interest from other firms. And many times what you have is you have a group of strategics and or small handful of strategics and maybe a couple of firms that are all maybe in the general range, financially. And then, if you have one new PE firm, they do something way outside the box sometimes. So thats not uncommon Kai, as weve talked about before. And so, will interest rate impact that? Logically, it makes sense, if you have a lot of variable debt, but we havent seen that yet.
Operator: Next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Any kind of the technology investment is having a positive effect on organic growth?
Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is, through some of the technology, were having better visibility into our businesses, which enable us to act upon that in soliciting business. So, yes, I can think of individual instances where its helped us get business. So, having said that, are you going to say well, we implemented this program, so therefore we are going to grow X percent? No, thats not. But I know anecdotally of instances where we have written business because of our new technology and investments in technology.
Mark Hughes: And then, the national programs business, you expressed a lot of enthusiasm. Any way to characterize -- is there a pipeline there, are there more opportunities youre seeing today than say a year-ago?
Powell Brown: No, Mark, we cant characterize. We want that -- I dont want to give you the impression that were looking to invest there over the others. Coincidently, were looking to invest in all four of our segments. And over time, we get to see a lot of unique opportunities with the diversity of our business. That said, the retail space is the biggest space out there. So, just in sheer numbers, were going to see, as you know, more retail business in a year than probably anything else. But, we also get to see a good flow of program business as well. And as you know, people sell for different reason at different times. Were always cultivating opportunities. The one thing that is really good, one of the many things thats really good is we are known in the industry as having one, good leadership; two, exceptional relationships with our carrier partners; three, good technology and attitude of getting stuff done, and great distribution. So, you roll all those up, and that can be appealing to a partner, if they want to join us.
Mark Hughes: Understood. And then, just final question, in ramping up the margin outlook. If your technology was slightly dilutive to margins in the first quarter, in the first half, presumably it will be accretive. So, it will be a tailwind in the second half, plus national programs up in the second half, plus the sales incentive which was flat this quarter, picking up a little bit of momentum, so on all fronts presumably, second half tailwind on margins. Is that the right way to think about it?
Powell Brown: Well, hold on a minute. Once again, thats a very logical outlay of thought. And having said that, I want to make sure that we go back to my comments about investments in technology and investments in people, which is by the way the most important thing, can vary by quarter and by two quarters or three quarters. So, if we operated in a vacuum, I think that may be a fair statement. But, we dont operate in a vacuum. So, remember, that would be assuming that we didnt think that there were investment opportunities where we might have a little pull down because of X or Y or we have a technology spend that we end up doing in the latter half of the year that would have been in Q1 and Q2 of next year. So, I would caution you on saying that, not because we go into saying margins are going to be down, quite the contrary. We dont think so. We are actually excited about the profile going forward. But, I want you to understand that we are investing in our business for the long term and there is opportunity there. And were going to see that when we think its the right opportunity for our company.
Andy Watts: And Mark, we have those. We will call them out if they pump up.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: I want to go back to some Elyses question about retail versus others. Obviously, you for legitimate reasons have been irritated when people look at your overall growth and instead look [ph] at your retail growth. But, what does that say about the insurance industry? Weve seen this decoupling before. Are people changing the way they buy that we should expect over a materially long period that your national programs business will outgrow your retail business? 
Powell Brown: I dont think that you should make that assumption. I think number one, I believe Josh that we are held to a double standard. And lets talk about the double standard. We have the industry-leading margins in the industry. We have the industry leading cash conversion and free cash generated by the business and yet we are criticized. And by the way, thats fine. Were okay with that. Were big boys and girls. Were criticized for having a slightly slower organic growth rate in retail, which is 50% to 52% of our revenue. So thats fine. Were really looking at something [indiscernible]. But, when our margin is 2x of somebody elses, and then my comment is, were trying to do it and whats best for the Company, long term. And so, remember, I have said historically and I will in the future, we started as a retail business. And many of you have heard me say that I think that there will be lots of opportunities for us to grow in all of our segments. But over time that our retail business might be historically in a 60% to 70% of our total revenue, maybe -- and it might be different than that. But, lets just say its in that range. That doesnt mean we still dont have a diversified business. And at the end of the day, Andy and I and the rest of the senior leaders are focused on growing the free cash which we can redeploy in the business, as you know in three areas. Number one, most importantly, invest in teammates; two, invest in M&A; and three, return it to shareholders through dividends or periodic share repurchases. So, I look at it little differently. And maybe I am -- I wouldnt say Im sensitive to it, but I do scratch my head and laugh periodically when I see analyst reports that criticize us on a low organic growth of 2% and the Company grew organically 5.7%. I would say we had a dam good quarter. And by the way, Im pumped that our teammates are doing a great job for our customers. Having seen said that, you, not you Josh, but you, the group, might see that differently. Youre entitled to a different opinion. I feel good that over the last two years or three years, our retail business has continued to improve, as evidenced by the organic growth improvement year-over-year. I dont get caught up in the quarters. And I am very excited about some of the things that we have going on internally that I think will help us grow in the future. So, once again, maybe Im not as sensitive or maybe I am a little prickly about it, I dont think so. I sort of laugh actually because I believe that it is not a quarter to quarter business and I think sometimes people dont fully understand the dynamics and the difficulty of growing a retail business because of the competitive landscape and the changing markets and all. Its all good. Thats it.
Josh Shanker: One more, that was very thorough. In terms of back when this has happened before when you had good growth in national programs and weaker growth in retail, a lot of it was ascribed to a sentiment issue that you used the word bunker mentality on several conference calls in the past. Do you see any wavering in the retail markets in terms of desire to purchase insurance now?
Powell Brown: No. Lets talk about that bunker mentality. The bunker mentality was between 2008 and 2011, and that was discussed about how people were thinking about and viewing investing in their business. And as I said in our prepared remarks, I think owner sentiment and more specifically CEO and owner sentiment of private business is positive, very positive, and people are buying things to help them grow their businesses, i.e. vehicles or production equipment, and, and, and. So, no, I dont see that. Number two, remember, we do have some businesses and programs, most notably, the lender-placed business that did grow substantially as a result of the slowdown in the economy. And so, you have some business that are countercyclical, maybe is the right way, I would say that. But no, I actually would tell you that my personal opinion on one retail is great. And I have very, very positive and high enthusiasm about the future performance of retail, one. Two, ecstatic about the programs growth for the quarter, I think they crushed it. Wholesale, nobodys asked about wholesale, theyve only grown 6.1%, again for another quarter in a row. And so, with Tony and his team, theyve grown in excess of 4% for six years in a row, and I think its 5% five out of six years. And Im really very pleased with services. So, no, not a bunker mentality; no, were not hesitation of people to buy less insurance; its just continue to be competitive.
Operator: We will take our next question from Marcos Holanda [ph] with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, guys. Calling in for Greg Peters. I just had a quick one on the contingents, just hoping if you guys could comment on the couple million bucks improvements for the outlook for this year and how we should be modeling the contingents for the remaining three quarters. Like, should I still expect them to come down in the second quarter?
Andy Watts: Mark, by the way [indiscernible] take your full-year estimate wherever you are now, and if you had adjusted that down by 6 to 8 from 2017, youd now want to make sure that youre only going to be down about $3 million to $5 million on a full year basis. And remember, what we said on the way it works with the new revenue standard is that gets recognized substantially throughout the year, relatively evenly by quarter. Its not perfect but its a good proxy. Youre going to primarily see that year-on-year downward pressure in wholesale is what were expecting right now.
Unidentified Analyst: So, is it reasonable to assume that its not going to -- the quarterly year-over-year comparison is not going to be lower throughout the rest of the year then, on a consolidated basis?
Andy Watts: Yes, its going to be down $3 million to $5 million, Marco.
Unidentified Analyst: It was down 18.3 this quarter. Thats what Im trying to say
Andy Watts: Thats the movement. Just remember, what we did is we recognized the large portion of our contingents in the first quarter historically. With the new revenue standard, we now take that and recognize it throughout here. So, we move basically $18 million into future quarters. Thats why its easy to look it on a full-year basis first. And you know what 17 is; once you got, what you would look -- believe 18 would look like, then spread that across the year, you will figure out then how the quarters drop out.
Operator: Next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: How much of your win related property book in programs and wholesale renews in June and July? And is that business somewhat dependent on reinsurance conditions?
Powell Brown: Its spread out all over the year. And actually, Adam, I dont have a specific number for you, but I would tell you that it is preferred to not have your policies renew then. So, many people try to move out of win season, i.e. pre or post, so 5, 1 or before or 10, 1 and after. So, the answer to the question is, as you know, insurance companies, some have multiyear reinsurance plans in place, some renew, 1, 1, some renew July 1. But everything weve seen and everything that weve heard is very modest increases if at all because of always additional capital. So, in our win book, we see some up and we see some down but its not highly dependent right around one date right and win season. I will tell you in some of the public entity business, we have some business that comes up in July, some of that 10, 1, but its spread out over the year.
Adam Klauber: And then as far as homeowners in Florida, whats the average rate youre seeing today?
Powell Brown: It depends actually, because there are some new entrants in the higher end market. So, when I say that homes, $700,000 and up, new construction, so we are seeing rates in some instances where were reducing rates nicely on the homeowner. Automobile, depending on the carrier, as I said, is under pressure. Smaller, I dont have the exact rate off the top of my head in the 200 and 700 range. But, there seems to be ample capacity out there to provide that to not only our customers, but prospective customers. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Zirinsky with Credit Suisse. 
Mike Zirinsky: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. I dont mean this to be a peck. So, I do appreciate the really good revenue momentum you guys are experiencing. But, I am just kind of curious from maybe a macro perspective and isolating the exposure growth component of revenues. If I think about how low the unemployment rate currently is on an absolute basis, I mean, should we expect less of a tailwind from that factor, if we think out over the next year. Maybe its less of a tailwind now. I guess its almost like the opposite of the bunker mentality talked about in terms of maybe its tougher for people to -- for business owners to grow as fast as they might even want to.
Powell Brown: Well, I would look at it a little differently, Mike. Number one, if you think about, were very consistent in what we said about our business. Two-thirds to three quarters of our organic growth is impacted by exposure unit increases and the remaining one-third to 25% is usually rate impact. Thats number one.  Number two, depending on the class of business, and I will just use an example [technical difficulty] and you go to the most cities in Florida and you see all kind of construction going on. And so, these contractors are jammed up. And so, they are -- even though they are having a hard time hiring new -- a lot of new people, they got plenty of backlog. And so, theyre growing and getting new contracts in place and new projects and the whole deal. So, actually, I would look at it a little differently. I would say that I understand the point that you are making. And ultimately, I think demand for labor put deflationary pressure on wages, which in turn, the firms with the most business are going to try get and retain the best people to deliver their product and their service. And so, if you want to look at macro numbers, the economic numbers would say that GDP this year, I think its just under 3%, globally. And depending on who you listen to or what you read, next year its going to be down slightly from that number globally, barring some unusual international events. There is a whole bunch of things going on with not only the Federal Reserve but Bank of Japan and Bank of England. And all of those banks and how they look at bond repurchases and the impact of increases in interest rates, which we think are going to continue to go up. And so, the Fed is trying to keep a lid on inflation, which it is already. But, I think the economy -- if you go into the communities were in right now, its going well. And I think that you should say that thats a positive for exposure increases going forward for our business.
Operator: With no more questions in queue, I will turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Debbie. And we wish everybody a great day and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Watts - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Powell Brown: April, if you could please read the forward-looking statement.
Operator: Yes, thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation, posted in the connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to the future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those related to the companys anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2017, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2017, and its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth for the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified. And those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in the connection with this call and the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in the conference call. A reconciliation for any non-GAAP financial measures to most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investors presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the conference over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, April. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. I am on Slide 4. For the fourth quarter, we delivered $474.3 million of revenue, growing 9.4% in total and 9.3% organically. Our EBITDAC margin was 30.2%, which is down 70 basis points, reflecting the investments discussed in previous quarters and some improvement associated with claims processing revenue related to Hurricane Harvey and Irma. Later in the presentation, well discuss the movements of our margins in more details. Our earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2017 increased to $1.32 from $0.41 in the fourth quarter of 2016. This improvement includes a benefit of $0.85 associated with the recent tax reform, which was primarily driven by the revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities. Andy will discuss this more in detail later in the presentation. Our earnings per share excluding this onetime benefit was $0.47 for the quarter. Finally, we completed 5 acquisitions during the quarter. On Slide 5, were pleased with the full year performance as we deliver $1,881.3 million of revenue, growing 6.5% in total and 4.4% organically. Our EBITDAC margin was 32.2%, which is 60 basis points and reflects the investments weve been making in our business. Our earnings per share for the full year of 2017 increased to $2.81 from $1.82. When we remove the onetime benefit of the Tax Reform Act, our earnings per share improved $1.32. We also acquired 11 businesses during 2017. As we reflect on 2017, it was a really solid year. Each quarter we continued to build momentum and furthered our growth by investing in the business for our long-term success. During the year, we grew the top-line nicely and had good bottom-line expansion, while investing in multiple areas of the business, to help drive more growth and profit in the future. And most importantly, we invested in our teammates. Our performance is the direct result of the hard work and dedication of our 8700-plus teammates that strive each day to provide our customers with the best risk-management solutions possible. Im on Slide 6 now. The big question everybody is wondering about is how premium rates have changed during the fourth quarter and for our 1/1 renewals. When the quarter started there was a tremendous amount of optimism around possible material rate increases, with many thinking cat property rates would increase 10% to 20%-plus. When were at our third quarter earnings call, we were cautious about how much rates might change, as there is always a lot of excitement about what might be, which is tempered by the realism of what really happens. During the fourth quarter, we did see a number of risk-bearers attempt to increase rates in the range of 10% to 20% on coastal property, but in most cases, these rates did not stick, as there is still an abundance of capital on the marketplace. As the quarter continued on and including 1/1 renewals, the proposed rate increases moderated downward. And we experienced general rate increases of flat to 5%, depending on loss experience. Total insured losses associated with the hurricanes and wildfires in 2017 were in the range of $120 billion to $130 billion, with last year being one of the highest loss years ever, I think I read recently, it was the third highest. The impact on the reinsurance markets to date has not been significant enough to increase property rates like some have thought. After the storms, theres still capital coming into the marketplace with new sidecar entities being launched and more insurance-linked securities being offered. As a result, property rate increases were more than likely be moderate in 2018 from our perspective. Pertaining to other lines of coverage commercial and personal auto continue to increase the most with rates moving up in the 5% to 10% range. We are also seeing professional liability and general liability flat to up slightly. Rate increases from employee benefits continued to rise with small group under 50, seeing the highest rate increases generally of 5% to 10% plus. And then as the group sizes increase, premium rates moderate typically in the range of 2% to 5%, thats all depending on loss experience. We made a lot of progress in 2017 regarding our technology initiative. As a reminder, and I know weve talked about this before, but our investments in technology are a combination of: one, upgrading our systems the current versions; two, standardizing certain systems across the company such as having one agency management system for all of retail; three, reducing inefficient technology spend; and four, gaining better inside into our data, which we can use for the benefit of our teammates, customers and to grow our business. I am really pleased with the progress of this initiative to date is large and its very important, well continue to talk about it in the future. Lets discuss the performance of our four divisions. From a retail perspective, we grew 4% organically for the quarter and 2.9% for the year. We are really pleased with the fourth quarter and the full year performance, which represents continued improvement as compared to the full year organic growth of 1.9% in 2016 and 80 basis points in 2015. The growth for the year was driven by exposure unit expansion, new business, and higher retention levels. With all the uncertainties in the health insurance market, our employee benefits businesses performed really well. With the first year completed of our retail performance incentive plan, we considered to be a success. We have more commission producers on the team and our commission books of business grew more than last year, these were all goals of the program. We do believe some of the increased performance in the fourth quarter related to producers striving to attain their full year target. From an expense standpoint, were in line with our expectations for the first full year. As a reminder, this is a multi-year program, therefore all targets are reset on 1/1, and each producer needs to grow at least 5% in 2018 in order to earn the incremental incentive for this year. National Programs as you know, is where we underwrite on behalf of carrier partners for specific classes of business both large and small across the country and distribute product through a broad retail agent network. Several examples of our over 40 programs include writing AAA construction thats superior construction on condominiums in Dade Broward and Palm Beach County, flood coverage in flood zones, professional liability for dentists, and earthquake on commercial and residential buildings, just to name a few. The National Programs Division delivered strong results with 20.1% organic revenue growth, primarily as a result of incremental claims processing revenue associated with Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, and our new Arrowhead Core Commercial program. Weve realized approximately $22 million of claims processing revenue associated with these events as compared to the $6 million to $8 million that we mentioned in the third quarter earnings call. During the quarter, claims closed materially quicker and at a higher value than anticipated, resulting in more revenue this quarter. During the quarter, we also recognized about $4 million of revenue associated with our Core Commercial program. We continue to be pleased with the performance of this program, and its in line with our expectations and estimates we shared during our Q2 earnings call. As a reminder, we are in the investment phase. And as a result, there will be an impact on our margins due to Core Commercial through 2019. During the quarter, our DIC programs or difference in condition programs performed very well. The combination of these programs along with the claims processing revenues and the core commercial program more than offset the loss in revenue associated with carrier changes for other programs we discussed in previous calls. Our wholesale segment primarily accesses non-admitted markets on behalf of retail agents. Think of accounts that typically would not be written by standard admitted companies. These accounts in this market range from big to small, loss-written or loss-free, and can be unusual or unique in nature. Our wholesale business delivered excellent results for another quarter, growing organically 6.9%, driven by strong new business. This growth was realized across almost all lines of coverage. Finally, our services division is comprised mainly of claims processing businesses that work on behalf of private or public entities as well as our carrier partners and are supportive or complementary to our National Programs Division. The services division grew 11.8% this quarter, partially driven by claims processing revenues associated with Hurricane Harvey and Irma, along with increased new business across the division. In summary, were pleased with the performance of four divisions for the quarter and the full year. Now, let me turn it over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Great, thank you, Powell, and good morning, everyone. Im over on Slide #7. This presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the fourth quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 9.4% and organic growth of 9.3%, which benefitted 4.3 percentage points from the claims processing revenues that Powell discussed earlier. Excluding these revenues, our organic growth was 5% for the quarter. Our income before income tax increased by 11.9%, and our diluted earnings per share increased by 222% to $1.32 versus $0.41 in the fourth quarter of last year. As Powell mentioned, as part of the Tax Reform Act, we had to revalue our federal deferred tax liabilities down by approximately $123 million, and also, recorded a repatriation tax of approximately $3 million. These two combined resulted in the $0.85 benefit. Well discuss our expectation for 2018 effective tax rate later in the presentation. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter, excluding the $0.85 benefit was 37.4%, which is slightly below recent quarters due to a couple of onetime discrete items along with the true-up of taxes associated with yearend state tax apportionment. Our weighted average number of shares outstanding was substantially flat as a result of our $75 million accelerated share repurchase program that we initiated during the fourth quarter. In a few slides, were going to walk through the primary drivers of our EBITDAC margins. Moving on, Slide #8. This slide presents certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial highlights after removing the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables for the fourth quarter of each year and the impact of the Tax Reform Act in the fourth quarter of 2017. Since these items are either non-cash and the earn-out payables can fluctuate by quarter, we believe it is helpful to evaluate the business excluding these adjustments. For the quarter, our adjusted income before income tax increased by 10%, and our EBITDAC increased by 6.7%. The difference in growth rates was driven by lower interest expense, as weve been paying down our outstanding debt. Our adjusted net income grew by 13.7%, driven by the lower effective tax rate for the quarter, excluding the impacts of tax reform. On an adjusted basis our earnings per share was $0.47, as compared to $0.42 in the prior year, growing by almost 12%. Moving over, Slide #9. Well walk through the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, we had no material movements in investment income or other income. As expected, we experienced a decrease in contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions continuing the trend we have seen recently. Reductions are due to decrease profitability of our carrier partners caused by lower premium rates, the hurricanes and the California fires during 2017. Our total core commissions and these increased by 9.8% year-over-year, when we isolate the net impact of our M&A activity, our organic revenue growth was 9.3%, driven by solid growth in all divisions along with claims processing revenues primarily recognized in our National Programs Division. Over to Slide #10, similar to previous quarters, we thought itd be beneficial to include a walk of our quarterly EBITDAC margins from last quarter to this year and highlight the main drivers. As discussed during our Q2 earnings call, the Core Commercial program will initially be dilutive to margins as we invest in building our platform and well also incur transition services cost. The investment this quarter impacted our margin by approximately 30 basis points, which is in line with our expectations. As a reminder, once our platform is in production by the end of 2019, we expect the EBITDAC margins for this program will increase and will be similar to the rest of our National Programs Division. Our retail performance incentive plan impacted margins by approximately 60 basis points, which is slightly higher than the first three quarters of 2017. We view this increase as a positive, as our producers pushed hard to drive more organic growth during the quarter to earn their performance incentive. As a reminder, we anticipate this program will impact on margins the most in 2017, less in 2018 than will breakeven in 2019. For the current quarter, the impact of our investment in technology was about 70 basis points, which is higher than previous quarters. This was driven by an acceleration of the phase of implementation associated with certain initiatives. Overall, there has not been a material change in the total estimated spend associated with our IT initiatives. Later in the presentation, well provide an update on the status of this program. The incremental effect of the year-over-year change in the net gain on disposals of certain businesses and books of businesses contributed about 40 basis points to our margin for the quarter. As a reminder, the prior year includes a net loss on disposal of $1.8 million. The remainder of the business contributed 50 basis points on margin expansion, which benefitted from the incremental claims processing revenue associated weather events, continued leveraging of our revenues, disciplined expense management across all divisions and with additional earn-out expenses - or additional earned expenses for certain bonus plans due to stronger performance during 2017. Moving over to Slide #11, looking at the performance of each of the divisions a little more closely, were going to start with retail. For the fourth quarter, our retail division delivered total revenue growth of 3.9% and 4% organic revenue growth driven substantially by all lines of business. For the quarter, our EBITDAC margin was down 280 basis points and was driven by a non-cash stock based compensation credit in the prior year, which benefited the margin last year by 120 basis points. Our producer incentive plan which impacted margin for the current year by 120 basis points and the investment to upgrade our agency management systems was 50 basis points margin impact this quarter. Our income before income tax margin decreased by 20 basis points for the quarter, substantially offsetting the EBITDAC drivers noted above were lower acquisition earn-outs and intercompany interest. Over to Slide #12, for the quarter total revenues for our National Programs Division increased by 19.3% and 20.1% organically. I discussed earlier organic revenue was higher than we anticipated for the quarter, as we realized approximately $22 million of claims processing revenue associated with Hurricanes Harvey and Irma as compared to $3 million that weve recognized in the prior year. Isolating this year-over-year impact, our organic growth rate was 2.9% for the quarter. Our EBITDAC grew by almost 35% due to the higher than average margins for claims processing, continued leveraging of our revenues and expense management. During the quarter, we had a small net investment and our Core Commercial program, which is in line with our expectations and what we previously communicated in the second quarter of last year. For the quarter, our income before income tax increased 79% impacted by the EBITDAC drivers we just mentioned as well as lower intercompany interest expense. Due to the quarterly volatility in the National Programs EBITDAC margin, we wanted to provide guidance for 2018, which we would estimate to be in the range of 33% to 35%, due to lower expected contingence, lower claims revenues and the full year impact of the investment in our Core Commercial program. As it relates to claims processing revenues, we had provided guidance that we expected $6 million to $8 million of revenue in the first quarter of 2018. Due to realizing more revenue in the fourth quarter of last year, we now estimate the remaining claims processing revenues to be in the range of $2 million to $3 million, as substantially all claims have been closed. Moving over to Slide #13. The wholesale division delivered total revenue growth of 8.1% and organic revenue growth of 6.9%. Organic revenue growth is the result of increased new business. Our EBITDAC increased by 12% for the quarter. The increase is attributable to leveraging our organic revenue, continued control of expenses and improvement in the EBITDAC margin of our 2016 acquisitions. There was no material difference in the growth of income before income tax as compared to EBITDAC. Over to Slide #14, the services division grew revenues 11.7% versus the prior year. This growth was driven by increased new business across most of our operations and claims processing revenue associated with Hurricane Irma and Harvey. For the quarter, our EBITDAC increased 27% as a result of revenue growth and leveraging our expense base. Our income before income tax increased by 25%, impacted by the EBITDAC drivers and partially offset by a credit in the prior year for the change in acquisition earn-outs. Moving over to Slide #15, this presents certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial highlights after removing the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables for the 12 months of each year. For the full year of 2017, it was adjusted for the legal settlement we had in the first quarter and the onetime impact of Tax Reform. 2016 was adjusted for the impact of adopting ASU 2016-09, which changed the treatment of the tax benefit associated with stock incentive plans. Since these items are non-cash or non-recurring, they can increase or decrease by year. And we believe its helpful to evaluate the business excluding these adjustments. For the year, our total revenues grew 5.4%. Our adjusted EBITDAC grew 1.2% due to lower contingence and guaranteed supplemental commissions, investments in technology, our retail producer incentive program and the Core Commercial program, which substantially offset margin expansion across many of our businesses. Our adjusted income before income tax margin grew slightly faster than adjusted EBITDAC, due to lower interest expenses weve been paying down outstanding debt. Our adjusted net income grew by 3.2%, due to a 1% lower effective tax rate. Our adjusted earnings per share increased by $0.05 or 2.7% to a $1.92 as compared to the prior year. For the full year, we are able to maintain our outstanding share count, substantially in line with the prior year. Each year we seek to minimize the dilutive effect of our equity incentive plans through periodic stock repurchases. Moving over to Slide #16, this presents the key components of our full year revenue performance. For the year, we had no material movements in investment income. And the change in other income was associated with the $20 million legal settlement we had in the first quarter of 2017. As weve been discussing throughout the year, our expectation was that our contingent commissions would be more than likely decreased due to continued losses and lower premium rates that are shrinking profitability for the risk-bearers. For the year, our combined contingent commissions and GSCs were almost $3 million lower as compared to the prior year. Based upon the trend during 2017 and the losses experienced as a result of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, and the California fires, we anticipate a further decline in 2018 of $6 million to $8 million. Our total core commissions and fees increased by 5.7% year-over-year. When we isolate the net impact of M&A activity, our organic revenue growth was 4.4% for the year driven by growth in all four divisions. Moving over to Slide #17. As weve been disclosing our quarterly filings, effective January 1 of this year, the FASB has instituted several new rules that will impact the recognition of revenue and expenses throughout 2018 and beyond. This slide provides our estimate of the effect on each quarter as well as the full year. The biggest changes relate to recognizing revenues for contingent commission and commissions on employee benefits and workers compensation. Contingent commissions were now be estimated and recognized pro rata during the year. We will then true-up the accruals in the following year, when cash is received. Our previous practice was to recognized contingent commissions, when the cash was received. For employee benefits and workers compensation we will now recognize a larger portion of this revenue upon binding of coverage rather than our previous practice recognizing the revenue when billed. For the full year, we estimate the effect on revenue to be minimal, but the impacts per quarter to be material. The primary impact is within the retail segment with the exception of contingent commissions. From an expense standpoint, well now recognize producer compensation when coverage has bound. Our previous practice was to recognize commission expense throughout the year, when premiums were invoiced. We will also need to defer a portion of our commissions our new business with the deferral primarily impacting our retail segment. As a result, our EBITDAC margin will benefit slightly from this cost deferral in 2018, then commission expense will increase over 15 year period as the annual deferral is amortized. We estimate the net deferral of expenses for 2018 to be approximately $4 million to $8 million. Moving over to Slide #18, this presents the impact upon our 2017 effective tax rate and a walk to our estimated effective tax rate for 2018. The primary impacts for 2017 are the estimated reevaluation of our deferred tax liabilities and the deemed repatriation tax. These items represent the $0.85 benefit for the fourth quarter. For 2018, our federal tax rate will decrease to 21% but will be partially offset by the lower federal benefit of state tax deductions. As part of the new tax bill, all compensation over $1 million for a companys CEO, CFO and the next three highest-paid Section 16 officers, will now be non-deductible. In addition, certain entertainment expenses will now become non-deductible. We estimate these two items will increase our full year rate by approximately 2%. Including all these changes, we anticipate our full year 2018 effective tax rate will be in the range of 27% to 28%. The lower tax rate will result in tax savings of approximately $45 million to $50 million per year and will further increase our operating cash to revenue conversion ratio. Were going to move over to Slide #19. Now that were well underway with our technology investment program, we wanted to provide an update on the status of the initiatives, the spend-to-date and the outlook for the program. Weve already completed certain deliverables and have others underway, which are in line with expectation. The investment phase started slightly slower than anticipated in 2016, but the momentum increased during 2017. We expect the level of investment in 2018 to be commensurate with 2017, and then we will start to realize savings on the program in 2019. Then each year thereafter, we will realize additional savings in order to recapture the impact to our margins. We anticipate margins to breakeven around 2021 and to have a slight upside versus our starting baseline margin. In summary, we are on track with the estimated cost of the program and expected returns. A couple of additional comments. We wanted to mention that we are actively discussing the timing of our quarterly earnings release. In an effort to align the timing of our first three quarters earnings release and to be consistent with the timing of our year end release, we will move all earnings release dates to the fourth Monday of the month and will seek to file our 10-Qs closer to the earnings release date. When you get ready to start updating your models for 2018, keep in mind that we anticipate a further reduction on our estimated contingent commissions and GSCs in 2018 due to the large losses associated with hurricanes and the California fires experienced in 2017. As a reminder, for the full year, we estimate the contingents and GSCs could be down between $6 million to $8 million from what we experienced in 2017. We expect to see this reduction in all divisions. However, the largest effect will be within our wholesale and programs division. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, great report. In closing, we were very pleased with the performance for the fourth quarter and specifically for the full year. As we anticipated, rate increases for cat properties seem muted now by the existence of fresh capital seeking higher returns. However, having property rates flat to up 5% is a nice improvement over the past couple of years. On the acquisition front, we only closed 11 transactions with $17 million of annualized revenue in 2017. While we looked at many potential acquisitions, we would like to have closed more. However, I am very comfortable with our approach to analyzing and assessing potential acquisition candidates for cultural fit and financial returns. Our goal is to more than cover our cost of capital and appropriate period of time based on the strategic nature of the acquisition. As you know, we attract business owners that see the benefit of joining a larger organization that will provide them the opportunity to maximize our collective capabilities and enhance their entrepreneurial spirit. With 28 or so private equity firms trying to put their capital to work, the space is crowded. As many of you know, 60%-plus of all deals done last year were done by private equity, and we dont expect this trend to change much in 2018. However, we believe there are still a number of firms out there that fit culturally and make sense financially for us. Its now just a matter of timing. As mentioned earlier, our technology initiatives are to upgrade and standardize certain platforms across the company and specifically within our retail segment. These programs will give us platforms to support our growth and profitability in the future as well as to help us improve the experience for our teammates. As a reminder, we are a decentralized sales and service organization, and we are standardizing some support functions with the goal of benefiting our teammates, our customers, and engaging deeper with our carrier partners. Today, we are leveraging our data better to win more new business and create new products to the benefit of our customers. As it relates to additional money from tax reform that well be able to invest, were focused upon current and future teammates, innovation both in technology and beyond as well as M&A. Our goal each year is to deploy as much capital as we can that will generate appropriate returns for shareholders. With that, let me turn it back over to April for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. And thank you so much for the comprehensive review of - especially on tax and the accounting changes. My first question is on the margins going forward. If you look at the different components, that the IT investment, the incremental margin impact probably will be minimal in 2018. And the 5 for 5 programs, the margin impact should be less than 2017. And I just wonder if you see that your organic growth now accelerating, will we see overall margin expansion in 2018?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, Kai, Number one, we dont give organic growth guidance. And so, as you know, we have been consistent in saying that, we believe that it is a low- to mid-single-digit organic growth business in a steady-state economy. Thats number one. Number two, weve outlined several things that we are doing, technology being one, 5 for 5 being another, and other things that were investing in the future. And so, weve tried to give an indication of sort of where we thought the margin or where we are. But we are looking to, obviously, improve that, but were making investments right now that would in the near term, as you saw this year, impact that. Fair enough, Andy?
Andrew Watts: And I think, Kai, the other two areas to maybe keep in mind is, with the decline in claims processing revenue associated with storms, that will have an impact on the margins year-over-year. And then, dependent upon exactly where we turn out on contingents and GSCs, our estimate is $6 million to $8 million down that will have some pressure there. But the rest of the business, were very focused on getting the best flow-through that we can.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thats great. Then my second question, the tax rate. You mentioned that the tax benefit is going to be about $45 million to $50 million per year. And how much of that are going to flow through the bottom line versus reinvest in the business or sort of lower price for your customers?
Powell Brown: Okay. So the answer is we continue to evaluate that as we speak. But I will tell you, weve been very specific. My closing comments about what we plan to do with it: one, being invested in current and future teammates; two, in innovation; and three, in M&A. And so we are continuing to evaluate that as we speak, Kai.
Kai Pan: Okay.
Andrew Watts: And, Kai, the reason we also look at it is, that basically it increases our cash flow from operations by about 10%. And we never view that we were in a situation where we didnt have the appropriate capital to fund the business as so needed in the past.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then my last one if I may. On the acquisition front, you mentioned lot of competition. And do you think that, do you - do you see that dynamic change in the marketplace?
Powell Brown: Not in the near-term. I dont, Kai. I think that its going to continue to be competitive. And so, theres a lot of people with financial backgrounds that are buying businesses, theyre not - many of them are not insurance people. And so, theyve got their own view on it. And thats typically a short-term time horizon, 3 to 5 to 7 years. And were playing for the long game, so its different, but it is - theyre closing a lot of deals, a number of them are.
Kai Pan: Right, thank you so much for all the answers.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Kai.
Andrew Watts: Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question, if I back out the storm-related revenue in the quarter, it seems like your organic was running around 4%. Is that kind of how you see it? And I guess, I would like to make that a two-part question. You guys mentioned that maybe some producers were driving for growth in the fourth quarter towards that retail comp program. Do you think that we might see a sequential slowdown because of that? I know you dont give guidance, but just some kind of color on the growth outlook just in context of the pickup you saw in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Watts: Okay. Elyse, let me see - Ill tackle your first one pretty quickly. As we mentioned in our comments, we said that the total organic was 9.3% for the quarter. And if you isolate the flood impact, its about 430 basis points. So underlying is about 5% organic growth. Okay.
Powell Brown: All right. So, Elyse, your second question, the answer to the question to me right now is, we dont know. And you could say, well, the only experience weve had with this before, it was only a one-year or one-half-year program. This is an ongoing program. And so, I think that we - everybody is equally as motivated on January 23 of [indiscernible] business, 5% or more, than they were in the fourth quarter of 2017. And so they just have more months to hit the bell. And so, we dont know actually. But I would say that, we feel good about the results on 5 for 5 for 2017. We believe that 5 for 5 will continue to drive desired outcomes and behaviors in the organization in 2018 and beyond. But we just dont know to be specific on your question.
Andrew Watts: And, Elyse, we mentioned this on a couple of previous calls and we would just reiterate it now. The program is performing almost right in line with exactly what we expected on kind of estimated top-line contribution as well as the investment side. So theres no real deviation to it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then, in terms of the retail comp-program is it correct that we should expect the impact on margins to be lower in 2018 than 2017?
Powell Brown: Slightly.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the tax impact, the entertainment deduction that you guys called out that is going away, what kind of entertainment falls in that bucket that you are no longer going to be able to deduct under the new tax legislation?
Andrew Watts: Yes, this is still a gray area as it relates to the IRS and when working through these pieces. Theyre supposed to come out in sometimes around the middle of March with additional guidance. But at least the areas that had at least been talked about right now, Elyse, is anything from sports tickets, golf, your country clubs that could be out there, any sort of events that you go to. So again, as backdrop, it is traditionally meals and entertainment were already 50% non-deductible. So what we really did for simplicity is we just took the other 50%. And were going to wait until we see additional guidance from the IRS exactly what theyve included in there.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then my last question on the tech-related investment, so it seems like the right way to think about this that you are seeing more of a margin hit, say, at the end of 2017 and maybe into 2018, but overall thats why maybe less of a hit in the later years and thats why the total potential investment has not changed?
Andrew Watts: That is correct, yes. So if you look back what we presented on Slide 19, and hopefully this graph helps with everybody, is we were a little bit slower starting the programs than originally anticipated but not unusual for all of these. And as we kind of continued on through 2017, we picked up momentum. We think, we are at kind of full spend right now, so the impact between 2017 and 2018 will be de minimis. Then what happens in 2019, 2020 and thereafter is we start gaining the benefits or the synergies out of the program. Thats how we capture our margin back and brings us back up to our original baseline.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So no - so there shouldnt be an impact on margins in 2018 thats what you just said?
Andrew Watts: Correct. Yes. We would not - on a full year, we would not expect a margin impact versus 2017. There might be a little bit in the first half of the year, but then we start our way back out of this.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
Andrew Watts: Have a good day.
Operator: And well take our next question from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Please go ahead.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. On the weather-related claims processing, I know you said that should be $2 million to $3 million now in 1Q 2018. So just to clarify, is the $2 million to $3 million higher year-over-year? Or would it imply that it should be about flat year-over-year?
Andrew Watts: Yes. It will be around flat year-over-year.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Thanks. And
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Arash Soleimani: Yes - and can you - have you disclosed like what are the actual margins on the claims processing revenues? Is it basically pure margin?
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is no. But it is better than the division average.
Andrew Watts: Yes. The reason why we dont disclose it, Arash, is it all depends upon the storm and the nature of the claims. They definitely move around based upon complexity.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Thanks. And the $4 million to $8 million of expense benefit you mentioned in 2018 from the revenue recognition changes. Is that - so did you say that $4 million to $8 million in 2018 will then subsequently reverse? Just want to make sure I understood that correctly.
Andrew Watts: Yes, exactly. So well defer it in 2018, then what well do is were going to take 1/15 each year and amortize it back into the P&L. And so the 15 years matches with our estimated useful life of our customers, which we disclose in our 10-K every year.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Thanks. And just my final question, when you mentioned that part of the tax savings could be deployed into innovation, what exactly do you mean by that, just to give some more color?
Powell Brown: Were talking about it right now. And if we told you, it wouldnt be a secret. And once we figure it out, well tell everybody.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you for the color.
Powell Brown: I am not trying to be funny. Im just saying that we are evaluating all kinds of things in that space with our senior leadership team as we speak, so more color on that in the future.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah, good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Powell Brown: Thanks.
Andrew Watts: Good morning.
Powell Brown: I appreciate it.
Joshua Shanker: I was looking at the updated information technology spend plan. Andy, I know this is like right in your wheelhouse; youve done a whole career. As you push this out, I think about technology, it changes quickly. As we get out to 2020, 2021, is there another technology update coming? I mean, what is being finished look like? And, how do you know that you can put a fine point on and say this is the end?
Andrew Watts: Yeah, so lot of this, Josh, is about doing a lot of our core infrastructure. And it doesnt mean that we wont have some refreshes like all companies out there in out years. But this is to catch up on a few areas, such as - look, we had way too many data centers running. We just need to shut them down and we need to get ourselves down to two or three. We wouldnt see a reason why we would need to do that again in the future, building some of our core network, again, its not something that you would do over time. Generally, well probably have some actual infrastructure or some technology refresh, but a lot of that is CapEx. So we dont see that as - go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: And between now and then three months ago, what was the incremental sort of decision making that went? Did you try to take on another project or just became more expensive? Or like what was the process in extending this out?
Andrew Watts: No, I think the only process in extending out is in - this is why were trying to give the update is, as we got through these things and just looking at them, sometimes they just take longer to get done than anticipated. Our total spend is not going to be different. But we think it might take about another year. And its really around just doing all the conversions within retail and upgrading on the agency management system. Well be probably doing anywhere from $25 million to $40 million per year. So you just kind of run that out. Thats going to take about three years to get through.
Powell Brown: Hey, Josh, Id like to make one other point, and I know youre very familiar with this. But in terms of the Department of Financial Services in New York and compliance with Cyber, we as - and many other companies that do businesses in the State of New York, are having to attest. Our CIO will attest next month for the first part. And then we got another thing to attest to a year from February of 2019. So that has been big on this list, too. So that doesnt mean we werent going to be doing these things, some of these things. But some of that spend has been accelerated because of that need.
Joshua Shanker: Well, that makes perfect sense. Thank you. And I just want to follow-up on Kais question about private equity, and deal pipeline and whatnot. I mean, Im not a tax pro. From what I understand, and maybe its incorrect, it seem like that the tax law is going to benefit you relative to private equity in trying to make these deals. Is there any truth in that? Or, you know, I mean can you help give us your outlook kind of what the tax plan does for strategic buyers as opposed to financial buyers?
Powell Brown: Im going to give you the just gut response as opposed to the technical response. And what I think it is, is this. At the end of the day, I think many of us think of private equity in the truest sense of seeking a 20% return annually. They put things out and it says 20% IRR and this and then blah, blah, blah. Well, in reality, thats not happening in my mind. They are pricing deals at things that - or seeking returns of maybe 12% or 14%. And so, the answer to the question is, when you have new money in the market, with people that may not know about the insurance business, then theyre going to make some decisions to do some things that we wouldnt do. And thats not a criticism. Its an observation. And so, I look at it this way. Could there be some benefits? Yeah, possibly. But, the gut instinct is this. If private equity wants to pay a big ugly number for a business, they will do it. And they have to be accountable to their investors over time. But I can assure you that if you think that their expectations for returns are the 20% that theyve always said, that is absolutely not what were seeing in terms of the way theyre pricing their deals out there. So I dont get uptight about it. I would say that we looked at a number of transactions last year. And, there were several that we would like to have done, that the chemistry was good. But some - in those instances, somebody else was willing to overlook something. And we werent willing to overlook that. And so, thats okay. Remember, were doing this forever. Theyre thinking about it just to flip it. And so, were thinking about our teammates, our customers, our carrier partners, our shareholders. And so, were all very focused on looking at numbers of acquisitions. But theres lots of business brokers out there calling on agents, basically saying, we can get you a lot of money for your business and the prices are at an all-time high, you ought to look at it. So that sparked some conversations that maybe heretofore two or three years ago wouldnt have occurred.
Joshua Shanker: Well, thank you for the details and good luck in 2018.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Josh.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session Mr. Brown. At this time, Id like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, April. We want to wish everybody a happy New Year. And we appreciate your time and look forward to talking to you at the end of our Q1. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - CFO
Analysts: Arash Soleimani - KBW Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during the call, including information contained in the slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the third quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter that its financial results differ for the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin. 
Powell Brown: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us for our third quarter 2017 earnings call. I am on slide four. For the third quarter, we delivered $475.6 million of revenue, growing 2.9% in total and 3.4% organically. Our EBITDAC was 33.5, which is down 50 basis points reflecting the investment discussed in previous quarters.  Our earnings per share for the third quarter of 17 increased to $0.53 from $0.50 in the third quarter of 16. Andy will provide more colour on our revenue and earnings performance later in the presentations.  Finally we completed three acquisitions during the quarter, and we are pleased with our results for the third quarter and the performance specifically of the business year-to-date.  Im on slide 5, during the third quarter we continue to see economic expansion driving exposure unit growth across many industries and locations. Weve been consistent in our discussion of our decreasing premium rates across most lines for the past two to three years.  In the first quarter of this year, we mentioned that coastal property rates were down in the range of 2% to 10%, as compared to the first quarter of 16. In the second quarter of this year, which is typically a big property renewal period, we saw coastal property rates down 5% to 15%. During the third quarter, we saw coastal property rates down 5% to 10% prior to the storms.  We see most carriers now drawing a line with flat rates on property in coastal areas. As it relates to other lines, commercial and personal auto rates continue to increase 1% to 5%, which are being driven primarily by frequency of claims and distracted drivers. For most other lines rates are generally flat.  In summary, there continues to be a lot of capital across the insurance market place. However the recent storms, fires and earthquakes may have implications on pricing in 2018. At the present time, we dont have a clear view on the potential impact for next year. But there are a lot of discussions about rate increases for coastal properties. If there are proposed increases which we think there will be, the question really is will they stick. Certain markets are testing that philosophy right now.  Lets discuss the performance of our four divisions; from a retail perspective we grew 2.5% organically for the quarter and have grown 2.5% year-to-date. We are pleased with this year-to-date performance as compared to the organic growth of 1.8% for the first nine months of 2016. During the quarter, we delivered good organic revenue growth driven by increased new business and a higher retention. Last year we had a number of large accounts that were acquired and we had some lost business which were not experiencing at the same level this year.  Regarding our performance incentive program, through the first nine months of 2017, the program continues to perform in line with expectation. Based on our organic revenue performance for the year, the program is having a very positive impact in helping drive improved results.  The performance for our national programs division exceeded our expectations, primarily as a result of incremental claims processing revenue associated with the significant weather events that happened during the third quarter. Andy will describe the effect of these incremental revenues on the quarter and our outlook later in the presentation.  We are pleased to report that our new Arrowhead Core Commercial program performed in line with the expectations we provided last quarter. As a reminder, we are in the investment phase and as a result there will be an impact to our margins through 2019. We continue to experience strong performance from our lender-placed business and our all-risk programs.  The growth from these and other programs was partially offset by continued downward rate pressure for our coastal property programs prior to the storms and the impact related to the carrier changes on certain programs as we discussed before.  Remember that these changes will result in decreased revenues for national programs in 2017 of approximately 5 million to 7 million for the full year. We realised about half of this impact in the third quarter. Our wholesale business had another great quarter growing 6.1%, driven by strong new business. Again we realized growth across almost all lines of coverage in the majority of our businesses. Our brokerage businesses continue to improve, as we wrote more new business and rate decreases were less than in the prior year. The services division grew 4.8% this quarter, which is a really good performance. We experienced growth from several of our claims processing businesses, driven by new business and to a lesser extent some claims from recent storms. Our advocacy business has also performed well. In summary, were pleased with the performance of our four divisions for the quarter.  Now let me turn it over to Andy. He will discuss our financial performance in more details. 
Andy Watts: Good morning everyone. Im over on slide number 6, this presents our GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial highlights. For the third quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 2.9% and organic growth of 3.4%. The difference between the 2.9% and the 3.4% relates to lower contingent commissions.  Our income before income tax margin increased by 90 basis points and our diluted earnings per share increased by 6% to $0.53 versus $0.50 in the third quarter of last year. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was substantially in line with the prior year at 39%.  Our weighted average number of shares increased by 0.5% due to shares issued as part of our long term equity plan and our employees stock purchase program. These increases were partially offset by the impact of our $50 million ASR that we initiated during the middle of the third quarter. Our goal each year is to minimize the impact of these equity programs through periodic stock repurchases throughout the year. In the few slides, were going to walk through the primary drivers of the EBITDAC margin changes.  Over to slide number 7; this slide presents certain GAAP and non-GAAP financial highlights after removing the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables for the third quarter each year. Since these items are non-cash in nature and can increase or decrease by quarter, we believe it is helpful to evaluate the business excluding these adjustments.  For the quarter, our adjusted income before income tax margin decreased by 10 basis points. The differential as compared to the decrease in our EBITDAC margin was primarily driven by lower interest expense, as weve been paying down outstanding debt. Excluding the effect of the change in acquisition earn-out payables, our earnings per share increased by $0.01 or 1.9% versus $0.52 on an as adjusted basis in the prior year.  Over to slide number 8, well discuss the key components of our revenue performance. For the quarter, we had no material movements in investment income or other income. As weve been discussing on previous calls, our expectation was that our contingent commission would more than likely decrease due to losses and lower premium rates that are shrinking profitability for risk bearers.  For the quarter, our contingent commissions decreased by $4.7 million and guarantee supplemental commissions were $600,000 lower as compared to the third quarter of last year. The largest decrease was realized in the wholesale division with a reduction of 3.2 million compared to the third quarter of last year. Our total core commission and fees increased by 4% year-over-year. When we isolate the net impact of our M&A activity, our organic revenue growth was 3.4% for the quarter, and this was driven by growth in all four of our divisions.  Over to slide number 9; similar to previous quarters, we thought itd be beneficial to include a walk of our quarterly EBITDAC margins from last year to this year and highlight the main drivers. Our EBITDAC margins decreased by 50 basis points year-over-year. As discussed during the second quarter earnings call, the new Arrowhead Core Commercial program will initially be a drag on the margins as we invest in building our platform and also incur transition services.  The investment this quarter impacted our margins by approximately 60 basis points which is in line with our expectations. Once our platform is in production by the end of 2019, we expect the EBITDAC margins for this program to be similar to the rest of those for the programs division.  Our retail performance incentive plan impacted margins by approximately 50 basis points, which is in line with our expectations. As we mentioned previously, we are accruing the cost based upon a full year projection of growth by producer and as a result there will not be a direct correlation of the expense to the revenue in each quarter.  As a reminder, we anticipate this program will impact our margins the most in 2017, less in 2018 and then well breakeven in 2019. For the current quarter, the impact of our investment in technology was about 40 basis points and the programs are progressing as expected. The incremental effect of the year-over-year change in the gain on disposals of certain businesses and books of business contribute about 30 basis points to the margin change for the quarter. We also recognize the benefit during the quarter of approximately 20 basis points associated with foreign within our wholesale division. The remainder of the business was able to contribute 50 basis points of margin expansion, which we are pleased with as we continue to focus on leveraging our revenues and managing our expenses. These efforts enabled us to offset the margin impact from the decreased contingents and guaranteed supplemental commissions.  Moving over to slide number 10, looking at the performance in each of our divisions a little more closely, were going to start with retail. For the third quarter, our retail division delivered total revenue growth of 2.6% and 2.5% organic revenue growth, driven primarily by new business and higher retention.  The 40 basis points increase in the EBITDAC margin was driven by gains resulting from the book-of-business sales that we mentioned earlier and could flow through on new business and better retention. These items more than offset the incremental investment in technology and our performance incentive plan.  Our income before income tax margin increased by 380 basis points and was primarily driven by the change in acquisition earn-outs, lower inter-company interest expense and the items impacting EBITDAC margins.  Over to slide number 11, for the quarter, total revenues for our national programs division increased by 3.3% and 2.9% organically. Organic revenue was higher than we anticipated for the quarter, as we realized approximately $5 million of claims processing revenue associated with hurricanes Harvey and Irma.  For the quarter, there is not a material difference in revenues compared to the prior year realized from weather related events. The organic growth for the quarter was primarily driven by our Arrowhead Core Commercial program that was launched in July of this year and our lender placed business. The growth from these programs is partially offset by the reduction in revenue from changing certain carriers and also our coastal property programs.  Our EBITDAC margins decreased by 390 basis points, primarily due to the investment in our commercial program and the impact of the carrier changes. For the quarter, our income before income tax margin decreased by 90 basis points impacted by the EBITDAC drivers that we just mentioned and then partially offset by lower inter-company interest expense.  Over to slide number 12, the wholesale division delivered total revenue growth of 2% and organic revenue growth of 6.1%. As we mentioned earlier, contingent commission decreased by approximately $3.2 million versus the prior year. This explains the difference between total revenue and organic revenue growth.  Our EBITDAC margin decreased 50 basis points to 36.3% for the quarter. The decrease is attributable to the lower contingent commissions. However, we were able to substantially offset this decline through leveraging our organic growth and continued control of expenses. In addition, we recognized a foreign exchange benefit as we mentioned earlier.  Over to slide number 13, the services division grew revenues 4.8% versus the prior year. This breadth was driven by increased new business, managed care claims and to a lesser extent property claims.  For the quarter, our EBITDAC margin increased by 230 basis points as a result of revenue growth and continue effective cost control efforts. We do not expect this level of margin increase every quarter, but are very focused on operating highly efficient claims processing businesses. Our income before income tax margin increased by 380 basis points impacted by the EBITDAC drivers and lower inter-company interest charges.  A few comments regarding outlook, we are expecting continued commissions to continue to decrease in the fourth quarter as compared to what we realized last year, with a rate of decline potentially similar to what we just experienced in third quarter.  Revenues relating to claims processing for hurricanes Harvey and Irma are projected to be in the range of $6 million to $8 million in the fourth quarter and the margins from these revenues should be above the average margins for national programs. Were expecting our full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 38.7% to 39% and were still expecting the full year impact of our investment in technology to be in the range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points. With that let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments. 
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. In closing, were really pleased with the performance for the quarter and for the year. As I said earlier, admitted rates in cat areas are flat now excluding automobile. E&S markets are flat to up slightly defined as maybe 5%. There are some E&S markets looking for increased rates, but higher than that, but its not sticking.  We believe this is going to continue to be the case throughout Q4, and as reinsurance treaties renew, well start to see what impact these events will have on insurance rates and well have better insights in to the rate environment after or on our next Q4 call.  We do expect to see incremental increases in claims processing revenue in Q4 of 17 and Q1 of 18 as a result of the storms as Andy alluded to. As of now, we do not expect to see much impact on claims revenues related to the fires in California or hurricane Nate.  Our technology programs continue to progress as we focus on improvements to our core infrastructure preparing for the new state of New York cyber security regulations that are effective in Q1 of 18, as well as our agency management system upgrades in the retail.  We continue to look at a number of transactions that can help us further grow to expand our capabilities and add more talented team mates. As weve said before, were always looking for businesses that fit culturally and make sense financially.  Lastly, our Board of Directors recently increased our dividend by 11%. This represents the 24th consecutive year of dividend increases, something that we as team mates are very proud of.  Finally, Im really pleased with the activity going on throughout the company specifically related to how we engage with our customer and carrier partners, and the progress we are making on many of our initiatives to driven the business forward.  I want to take a moment, and thank all of our team mates for all their efforts as our financial performance is only possible through all of their hard work and dedication each and every day.  With that, let me turn it back over to Jennifer for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go first to Arash Soleimani with KBW.
Arash Soleimani: I know you mentioned the $6 million to $8 million claims processing impact for the fourth quarter, is that also a reasonable run rate for the first quarter of 2018?
Powell Brown: Yeah, to the best that we can tell right now, thats a good guestimate. I mean were still well call it, somewhat in the early days of going through the adjudication process and all the claims. So the numbers could move around a little bit. As we get in to the fourth quarter, well be able to tighten that up a little bit more for Q1, but thats a good place holder for right now. 
Arash Soleimani: And I know that the claims processing revenues you mentioned were from Harvey and Irma. But are you seeing any kind of indirect benefit from Mariah just in terms of the shortage of adjusters and any kind of demand in terms of that [indiscernible]. 
Powell Brown: No, I would just say theres already a demand here in the United States even prior to the effects of Mariah. So between Harvey and Irma theres plenty of shortage. So no, I dont think directly is a result of that. Maybe indirectly, but thats it. 
Operator: Well go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I was just hoping on to get a little bit more colour on what youre seeing on the organic growth within the retail segment. You pointed to the compensation program, working out in line with your expectations and Powell you also seem to point to a little bit better pricing environment and also some of exposure growth. So how do you see the organic growth, the trajectory in the retail segment through the rest of this year and just any kind of initial colour in terms of 2018?
Powell Brown: Good morning Elyse and I have to say that this is the first time I think that youre not our first question, so second today. So having said that, you know Elyse and I know this drives you crazy but we dont give organic growth guidance. I would tell you that we were pleased with the quarter, as youve heard, and we are pleased with the year-to-date.  Right now I hear what everybody else is hearing out there about the market place and what people are speculating on. What people are speculating on and what the market will bear are two different things, until we start to see rate increases sticking I am guardedly optimistic or just guarded in regards to what that would do to our organic growth.  I do think that in certain coastal offices, where we write for example a lot of excess and surplus lines property particularly habitational in South Florida that it will help those individual offices. But they are part of the bigger pie and so you still have offices in Denver and Seattle and California that are riding in a normal market.  So, I havent answered your question exactly, I would say. Weve always said that we think were a load of middle single digit organic growth business in a stable, steady state economy. And so I think the economy is pretty good. I think that were seeing our clients thinking about it in a manner where they are making investments in their businesses, so thats a positive.  Were seeing more construction, thats a good thing. But if anybody is telling you they are getting ramped up for a hard market, I believe thats a little premature. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. I appreciate the colour Powell. And then in terms of  did you guys say how many shares did you repurchase under the ASR in the quarter?
Powell Brown: So we ended up purchasing back a total of about 968,000 shares I think was the exact number on it. Again just remember we did that mid-quarter Elyse. So we only got about half of the impact in the weighted share calculation. 
Elyse Greenspan: Are you seeing anything different in terms of the acquisition environment, whether pricing, just availability of deals that obviously deals flow, you guys have found a few deals, but has been still kind of a little bit late for you guys. 
Powell Brown: Elyse what I would tell you is this; you have 26 firms out there that are short-term in nature. That means they are private equity backed and they are focused on a flip in three to five to seven years. And so that creates a lot of  people out there calling on businesses. And those individuals that are going to be attracted to that model are typically different, not necessarily, but typically different than the people that are attracted to us, because as you know, we are a forever model.  And so we look for firms that fit culturally and make sense financially. I know that its hard and weve been this a lot over the years in the quarters previously, what to expect in terms of acquisitions and acquisitions with us are lumpy, as you know. So were always out talking to people and we may talk to somebody today that we do nothing with for five or seven years.  But at the end of the day, as you and I and others on this call have talked about, there are three things that you could say with absolute certainty about Brown & Brown as it relates to our acquisition strategy and execution. Number one, we do what we say and say what we do. That means when we do due-diligence its not a license to renegotiate the actual contract, watch out private equity. Number two, we pay with cash, hard to argue with green backs. And number three, when we make a decision to do something, we giddy up and go. So we can move probably as quickly or quicker than anybody else, because we in-house pretty much everything from legal to due-diligence to everything.  So we think thats a good thing and its positions us nicely. But I know it can frustrate you and some of the other folks on this call because its not a predictable stream and if we could predict it, we would tell you that. So the answer is we cant.  And so I would tell you that I think theres going to be a lot of change in the insurance distribution market space in the next three to seven years. And we plan on being able to look at a bunch of that stuff, but I dont know if well do any of that stuff. It just depends, and I think that we will as it relates to those that fit culturally and make sense financially, but we dont know when those will come available. So thats kind of the story. 
Operator: Well go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: First question is on the coastal property pricing. Powell you mentioned that this year the [indiscernible] impact had been anywhere between 2% to 15% in terms of year-over-year pricing change. I just wonder how much a drag on your organic growth. Just trying to figure out is that rate becoming flat or up, what kind of like a tailwind could be to your organic growth?
Powell Brown: We havent figured out that exact drag number, but this is what I would tell you. There are certain offices back kind of what I said in Elyses question that write a lot of this business and it has been a drag in their office. But remember thats not indicative of the entire organization. So Im cautious to say that its going to be a material amount in terms of lets say in Q4 or Q1.  We would say right now that flat is a positive for Brown & Brown, just a positive, doesnt mean that we can tell you exactly how much organic growth thats going to lead to. But at the end of the day when you had down 15%, down 20%, down 15% or 20% or 25% over the three years, you kind of get to a point where you are like it cant, it doesnt seem logically that it could go down anymore.  But like I said, theres a lot of people that would like to move the market up and the question is will the market bear it. We are not seeing that right now. So, admitted markets are pretty much flat and quite honestly the losses in a number of those are merely as bad in terms of number of claims as we spot. That means a lot of those claims the losses were underneath the deductible amounts.  So you could have an individual loss that was a large loss, but in terms of the number of losses that exceed the deductible has been less than what we thought. 
Kai Pan: And what percentages of your revenues are related to Florida coastal properties?
Powell Brown: The answer is, we havent given that information out in the past. What I would tell you is, the revenue in Florida, total revenue last year was 184 million part of just over 900 million in retail. So, like I said, as you know, I think the number is 90% of the total insured values are within one county of the coast in the state of Florida and the vast majority of our population as well. 
Kai Pan: My next question is on the margin side. I hope you can walk us through with these three buckets in terms of Arrowhead retail incentive plan and whats the IT spending for 2018. Whats kind of the general trend there, are we still going to see similar level of drag on your margin or some of them could be levelled off or are there any other dynamics going down for the margins?
Andy Watts: Kai, its Andy here. So what we mentioned on the call I think previously. The way to think about retail, and you can see where the numbers are right now or they are impacting margins. And the commentary was the largest investment will be in 2017, less of an investment in 18 and it breaks even in 19. So I hope that gives you the guidance youre looking for.  On the technology program, what weve said before is that we would be around full investment in 17 and 18 and then we start gaining the benefits of those investment programs and they start paying back in 19 and 20. 
Kai Pan: What about the Arrowhead?
Andy Watts: So on Arrowhead, what weve said is, if we look back to the previous slide that we gave last quarter on there, we gave an idea of what we thought the backend of this year would look like. We said we would somewhere around $6 million to $8 million in revenue and we would have an investment of $1 million to $3 million. And then next year, we said we should have somewhere around $15 million to $17 million in revenue and about $2 million to $4 million net investment in the P&L. Then similar to our comments that well start to improve in 18.
Powell Brown: Or 19.
Andy Watts: Well improve in 19 also, when our platform goes live in the backend of 19 and then 20 is when the margins actually really start to improve. 
Operator: Well go next to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Two quick questions, one is on the contingent commissions. Is the business changing in terms of how you derive your revenue? This is one small part here or do you expect going forward this is just going to be a different way that you guys make money?
Powell Brown: No, I dont think that something is changing per say. And Im going to address it kind of broadly. And retail as an example we have businesses that have been impacted by losses and we have that, but the biggest changes this quarter were in wholesale. And so if you want to think at a macro level on wholesale, what you have is you have rates that are continuing to go down. So the rate online is less, and theyve have more events not necessarily a hurricane, but things like hailstorms and tornados in places like Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Missouri and very unusual odd events. And so the combination of those two things Josh has dealt losses in that are not necessarily higher profile as what you all would see on CNN and the weather channel. And so thats whats happened.  So we do think that that can come back over time. It is not that we think the model is dramatically changed, but its something that we think a lot about. And obviously we think that there is a great alignment between us and our carrier partners with some type of profit sharing and at this time in the market with the rates way down and all kinds of losses all over the place including fires in California including things like that, all of that adds up to more aggregate losses for the industry than we have historically looked at. Ill give you an example, we were just at an industry event that occurs every year in the beginning of October. In the discussion the property combined ratio several of our large carrier partners talked about the industry that [105]. I didnt know that, but that was pre-storms. So you start to feather that in to like a large binding authority book of business and thats how you see your profit sharing eroded. 
Josh Shanker: Makes sense. And in terms of  well you said, going in to the previous prepared remarks is that the higher organic growth is allowing you to improve your margins despite the lack of contingents helping out you. Can you talk a little bit about the difference between 3% organic growth and 2% organic growth, and how it sorts of filters down in to the operation and helps you grow. We view this 3% number for a while, but what does 3% mean versus 2%?
Andy Watts: Josh, Andy here. I know this is topic that comes up all the time this one. Whats that magic number that I think everyone is in search of? That says, boy if we hit that then theres margin expansion. And I think as weve talked about on previous calls is, we dont believe that there is a magic number inside the business, because what can happen is depending upon on how were investing on a quarterly basis, the flow-through from revenues can go up or down.  So in a way to think about is, weve given what we believe is our medium term guidance on organic of that low to mid-single digit and we said that we should be able to run the business in a 33% to 35% EBITDAC range.  So the combination of those two should be able to keep us right in there. But again we can be up and down throughout, I think right now because we are going through some of the investments in a few of the areas, well be a little bit below, but we know what those are. And thats why we made the commentary about were glad to see the flow-through this quarter, the margins, doesnt mean that we are going to see that every quarter based up on the organic. Again it can go up and down a little bit. 
Operator: Well go next to Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital.
Mark Dwelle: The first question relates to the guidance related to the flood servicing business. First I appreciate you giving us the guidance. But the question I wanted to ask is, are you drawing revenues equally from both hurricane Irma and Harvey, or from ground perspective was this more of an Irma oriented level of earnings?
Powell Brown: No, its actually the opposite. So think of Harvey as a water even, flood, Irma as a wind event. Thats the best way to describe that. So its a more claims in Texas as a result of that. 
Andy Watts: And Mark let me clarify, because a couple of people have asked us, where these show up. Again for clarity these revenues are going to show up inside our national programs. We will get a little bit inside our services, but not much. Just a reminder we sold our previous claims processing business for flood back in 2014, Colonial. 
Mark Dwelle: I guess as a point of reference, how much revenues did you earn off of storm Sandy back in 12? You just had Colonial then, right?
Powell Brown: Yeah we purchased it back in 11. I wouldnt try to use that as benchmark, youre comparing an apple with an orange with what we have in the portfolio. And remember you havent. You got variabilities based on the amount of the loss as well. So the loss could be higher or lower in the northeast versus in a rural Texas community. So theres a lot variables in there. So its really hard to draw a parallel between one other even and this event. 
Mark Dwelle: Are your servicing revenues mostly commercial or residential in nature?
Powell Brown: Thats in services. When you ask to question services, but if you go in to national programs and you go on to flood, thats personal. 
Mark Dwelle: Thats how I meant to ask the question, if I wasnt clear. The servicing revenue is mostly personal or mostly commercial, thats how I should have asked that. Thanks for that. The second question is just a brief clarification. You mentioned the ASR in the quarter, is that most of the cash movement in the quarter? Andy is that the main driver in the quarter?
Andy Watts: That would probably be the largest item, and then we have our normal interest payment, dividends, the principle repayments on debt.
Mark Dwelle: And the last one is just and Kai kind of already covered this to some extent. But within the EBITDAC walk you had the other item. And I took from your comments that that was primarily just cost saves not just but cost saves within the various business units. Is that the right way to think about that, that there would be, whatever you have for these - the three main items, the three main drags that youve been highlighting for several quarters, then you have all your cost saving efforts that would be the counter to that. 
Powell Brown: Mark, cost savings in the component of it. Theres also a piece in there as we talk about, which is just our ability to leverage our revenues. So, its a combination of those two. 
Operator: Well go next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: How much opportunity is there in the third quarter for folks that would be enthusiastic about the five-for-five program and have a big finish to the year?
Powell Brown: I think that obviously there are people that are going to be on the bubble. They know if theyre on the bubble and we want them to get there. But I dont want to give you some impression that there are some outlandish thing thats going to happen in the fourth quarter that we can anticipate. We could see a lot of the people that are currently tracking towards it, and we are making the right, we recruit appropriately, but like I said, only time will tell. 
Mark Hughes: Right. So probably a little extra energy in the fourth quarter?
Powell Brown: I think theres a lot of energy. I dont want to diminish the fact of energy although you talk about from a financial perspective. Quite the contrary, we have a lot of producers that are jacked up and thats exactly what we want. Were excited and to be able to earn our clients business and go out and ride a lot of new business. So it is done what we wanted it to do Mark. Meaning if youre talking about in the hearts and the minds of our team mates it is absolutely working. 
Mark Hughes: Im just trying to gauge whether in the fourth quarter you would really see that coming to the floor as people would make sure they get over the lines. 
Powell Brown: Mark I guess if youre trying to make a parallel back to 2012, that probably would not be a good parallel. As we talked about on the previous calls, remember when we did that program, there were probably a lot of things that we learned about during that exercise that we try to incorporate in to this one and one of them was around communication. And so weve been communicating every month with all of our team mates, where they stand and what their projection looks like. So theres a constant push all year in order to get there. We do not expect this big fourth quarter jump that we saw back in the fourth quarter of 2012. Wed more than happy to take it. Dont get us wrong, but that would not be what we would be expecting. 
Mark Hughes: Andy you talked about the technology being full investment in 17 and 18, whats the marginal impact would you say on 18, if youre already getting sort of 40 to 50 basis points this year? Is the margin impact negligible next year? You still have the 40 to 50 that youre putting in to it, but year-over-year its more steady?
Andy Watts: Yeah, theres still going to be some drag and Mark were still working through that right now as were going through budgets and everything else. Wed be in a better position to give that guidance at the end of year. We wouldnt want to give out a number yet until we worked through that one, but there will probably be some additional pressure next year. 
Powell Brown: Mark the other thing is, as you know, the state of New York and the cyber regulations have put some demand on every organization that does business there that we are continuing to work through. So we think we have our hands around it and I believe we do, but theres still a lot to get done. So that is going to impact us in to 18 too.
Mark Hughes: But Powell when we think about the coastal property pricing, youd mentioned the impact of reinsurance and maybe wed know more later this year. Do you think the primary rates will parallel what happens in the reinsurance market to say at the Jan 01 renewals, that Florida doesnt renew until June. So how should we think about that when we see the reinsurance pricing is that a good tell for your property? 
Powell Brown: No, I dont think it doesnt. I would not want you to get overly focused on reinsurance pricing. Heres the way I would ask you to look at it. And Im not a reinsurance broker so let met process this. Heres what I understand and this is how I think this is going to play out. As you know retrocessional reinsurance is reinsurance for reinsurance companies. They got pounded in the storm, and a lot of that is in London, but its all over the world. So the retro market got pounded. So thats going to have to react or try to recoup.  Then you have the reinsurance market, they got pounded. And the reinsurance market, as you know, one of the most damaging ones was actually Mariah. So its like keep hitting you when youre down in that market. And so lets just say that the rates are  they try to get significant rate in reinsurance. It really depends on the primary carrier and what theyre trying to do.  If everybodys cat reinsurance program came up at the same time, then I think that there could be a higher potential for rate increases that could stick. Having said that, I know of several carriers which remain nameless who already have their property programs placed prior to the storm. So theyre going to operating from a positon of strength, not a position of weakness.  So, I think theres a lot of moving parts that go in to it, and I know that there are some people out there that are frothing, because they think this is going to drive the market up. Like I said, I would rather create an expectation that we see flattening and we hear people talking about rate increases, but were not seeing any big rate increases sticking like, you might have heard, number one. And number two, really a lot of this change wont happen until after the year. And the question is on some of these primary carriers, how quickly can the insurance carrier get the message from the head to the foot on what they want to do in executing a pricing strategy or increase.  So time will tell Mark and I wish I could be more definitive. But I do know that the restaurant market and the reinsurance took some severe losses and it will be interesting to see how they react and thus the primary season how they react as well. They will not pass through dollar-for-dollar or per percent increases in to the primary market, it just wont happen. 
Operator: And well go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thanks so much for a follow-up question. The first one is a number question. You have a spike on your balance sheet on both reinsurance recoverable as well as loss reserves about $2 billion, is that related to the flooding claims?
Powell Brown: It is Kai. So you see theres always parity on those. So as [WinFic] is an insurance company, so we report the potential claims on there and then put a receivable right back up for what is ceded back to FEMA. 
Kai Pan: Just want to make sure you guys dont have any basis risk in this claim adjustment. 
Powell Brown: No, we do not. 
Kai Pan: My second follow-up is on the upcoming accounting changes, the ASC 606. Whats the potential impact on your financial statements as well as quarterly, like a variability in terms of earnings report. 
Powell Brown: Were still working through that most of everybody in the market place. When our cue comes out, we will add some additional disclosures on that. We will probably not be in a position where we will size that up at the end of the third quarter. So well give an indication at the end of the year as to what it looks like, but were still going through, we dont see any major movements right now. Probably well be more through the quarters, but weve got to see exactly where we through. We got a lot of work that we are still buttoning down like everybody. 
Operator: Well go next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The expectation for 6 million to 8 million in the storm -related claims revenue, how much was there in fourth quarter of last year of that type of storm or claim revenue?
Powell Brown: We had about 3 million in the fourth quarter of last year. 
Mark Hughes: Is it 6 to 8 only from these storms or do you think 6 to 8 will be the total. So the incremental will be kind of 3 to5?
Powell Brown: 6 to 8 will probably be a total, thats a good way to think about it. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then the advocacy business anything to add there in terms of claims that youre working on or your success in that business, just any more detail would be interesting? 
Powell Brown: Not really Mark. I would just tell you that we continue to execute numbers those are Medicare satisfied and [social] security disability advocacy business, both of which are doing well, but nothing unusual or different. We just continue to execute for our clients. 
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. 
Powell Brown: Jennifer, thank you very much. I wanted to end by making a couple of broad comments. Number one, Ive lived in Florida for pretty much my entire life, and we have a hurricane here usually every 10 to 12 years. This time I would tell you, there was real fear in the hearts and minds of people in Florida. The governor called an evacuation and a state of emergency very early on and I would commend him for his efforts. And he got a lot of people out of potentially harms way.  We were also darn lucky that the storm moved at the last moment and went to the west coast of Florida. If it had gone further west in the right northeast quadrant had scraped around the coast of west Florida it would have been worse. If it had come right in to Miami and scraped right up the eastern coast it would have been worse.  There are a lot of damages and we have a lot of customers that have incurred significant losses that were working on their behalf. But I say that because what we thought it could be and what it ultimately turned out to be was slightly different.  In Houston, on the other hand, the amount of rain was just absolutely mind boggling. And so the most important thing that I would tell you, when we started in this with all the storms is this, I can tell you that every single team mate in the affected area and their family members are safe. So in my mind thats a huge win for our team. So we have team mates that have trees through their roof and they are flooded and the answer is they have insurance or were working with them. But we can replace that. But we didnt have any team mates or family members of team mate that were injured in all the storms. So, I would say thank you all very much and we look forward to talking to you next quarter, and have a wonderful day. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Adam Klauber - William Blair
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that the certain information discussed during this call included information contained in the slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to the further results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to further events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the second quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the further are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any further looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter that its financial results differ for the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that company may not have currently identified or quantified as those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of the new information, further events or otherwise. In addition, there are certain non-GAAP financial measures used in this conference call. A reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures to most comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the companys earnings press release or in the investor presentation for this call on the companys website at www.bbinsurance.com, by clicking on the Investor Relations and then Calendar of Events. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. I am on slide four. For the second quarter, we delivered $466.3 million of revenue, growing 4.4% in total and 1.6% organically. Our EBITDAC margin decreased to 120 basis points from Q2 of 16. Andy will provide more color on our revenue and margin movements later in the presentation. Our as reported earnings per share for the second quarter of 2017 decreased to $0.46 from $0.47 in the second quarter of 16. When excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years, our adjusted earnings per share remain steady at $0.49. Overall, Q2 was a good quarter and were pleased with the overall performance of the  on-- for the business year-to-date. Im now on slide five. The second quarter looked much like the first quarter from an economic expansion perspective across most industries and geographies, we experienced continued slight growth in exposure units, which is we have mentioned in the past is a key driver for our organic growth. In the first quarter, we talked about optimism regarding the potential for Healthcare Reform. As we mentioned that optimism slowed during the first quarter and has continued to slow during the second quarter, and when we talk with our customers and potential customers, they feel relatively certain that any changes in healthcare will more than likely change how they look at or approach healthcare coverage for their employees. There are many possible outcomes that could have an impact on employers and their plan designs, most significant would be of the deductibility for healthcare cause was materially reduced or eliminated. Were also keeping an eye on what changes could occur to medicate reimbursement and what this might mean at the state level, as well as if there is any impact upon community rating. At the end of the day, there is a lot of confusion that are unknowns. If this change occurs, it provides an opportunity for Brown & Brown to work closely with our customers to help them understand what the changes might mean to them and how they can navigate those changes. The amount of available capital on appetite to deploy this capital has not slowed. It remains relatively constant with prior quarters. Risk bearers continued to look for creative way to retain their renewals and drive new business. Previously, we talked about how weve generally been experiencing consecutive decreases in premium rates across most lines. In the first quarter, we mentioned that coastal property rates were down in the range of 2% to 10% as compared to the first quarter of 16. We cautioned that one quarter doesnt make a trend. In the second quarter of this year, we saw coastal property rates down 5% to 15%. Second quarter was a big property renewal period, so we wanted to see how rates were trending. While rates were down 5% to 15%, this is still better than the prior year when rates were decreasing in the neighborhood of 5% to 25% down. As a general statement, were seeing some carriers starting to draw a line regarding how much further they will lower their premium rates. This is not true in all markets and specifically, Southeast Florida remains very, very competitive. As it relates to other lines commercial and personal auto continues to increase 1% to 5%, which is being driven by primarily by the frequency of claims and distracted drivers. For most other lines rates are generally flat to down slightly. So now lets talk a bit about the performance of our four divisions. From a retail perspective, we grew 1.1% organically. As a reminder, we mentioned in the first quarter that we had about 100 bps of timing benefit that was expected to be recognized in the second quarter. During the quarter, we continue to realize solid new business, good retention, excluding some larger one-off losses that were primarily related to customers being acquired and our employee benefit business grew nicely again. When we look at our performance for this first six months of this year, our average organic growth rate between the first quarter and second quarter is about 2.5%. This compares with an average organic growth rate of 1.3% between the first quarter and second quarter of 2016. So were pleased with our improved performance and our working towards making it even better. Regarding our 5 for 5 Incentive program, there is a lot of positive energy related to the program and our producers are working really hard to deliver the best results, so they can achieve their targets. Its still too early to determine exactly how things will ultimately turn out for the year, but at the midpoint of 2017 the program appears to be performing in line with expectations. The performance for our National Programs division was in line with our expectations, led by strong growth in our lender placed business, our earthquake programs and our all risk program continues to build momentum. The growth from these and other programs was substantially offset by continued downward rate pressure on our coastal property programs and the impact related to carrier changes for couple of our programs. As we mentioned previously, when we have a carrier change retention normally decreases, new business slows and margins decrease. Then once a new carrier is in place, revenue will stabilize and then start to grow, the margins will begin to increase. Remember, that these changes will result in decreased revenues for National Programs in 2017 of approximately $5 million to $7 million for the full year versus 2016. The largest part of this impact will be in the second half of this year. Later in the presentation well talk about our new Core Commercial Program with QBE which started this month, July. Our Wholesale business had an excellent quarter growing organically 6.2%, driven by strong new business and despite continued declines in coastal property rates. During the quarter, we again realized growth across almost all lines of coverage and most of our businesses. Our binding authority and personal lines businesses performed really well again this quarter. Our brokerage businesses continue to improve nicely as we grow more new business and rate decreases were less than the prior year. The Services division experienced slightly negative organic growth this quarter. Our advocacy and workers compensation claims businesses grew nicely during the quarter, but this was more than offset with the lack of claims related to storms, as there was minimal activity in the second quarter of this year as compared to the prior year. In summary, were pleased with the performance of our four divisions for the second quarter and the first six months of 2017. So now let me turn over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: All right. Thanks, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Im over on Slide #6, which presents our GAAP reported results. For the second quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 4.6%, excuse me, 4.4% and organic growth of 1.6%. Our income before income taxes decreased by 90 basis points and our diluted earnings per share decreased by 2.1% to $0.46 versus $0.47 in the second quarter of last year. These financial metrics were impacted by our change in acquisition earn-outs, which were going to discuss on the next slide. Our weighted average number of shares increased by 1.1%, due to shares issued as part of our long-term equity plan and our employee stock purchase program. Our goal each year is to minimize the impact of these programs via periodic stock repurchases throughout the year. During the second quarter of this year, we repurchased approximately 260,000 shares and lastly, our dividends increased just over 10% for the quarter. During the first quarter we also successfully, excuse me, during the quarter we also successfully completed an amendment and extension of our bank credit facility. The new agreement is for five years with a term-loan of $400 million and revolving credit facility of $800 million. In the past three years, we paid down the original term-loan by $125 million, with $68 million of this paid at closing in June. The terms are relatively consistent with the prior agreement and therefore we do not expect any material changes to our interest cost. We continue to like the structure of this facility as it gives us the capital capacity and flexibility to support the growth of our business. Wed like to thank all of our banking partners for their ongoing support. Now move over to Slide #7, this presents our adjusted numbers after removing the impact of the change in acquisition earn-out payables for the second quarter of each year. Since these items are non-cash and can increase or decrease by quarter, we believe it is helpful to evaluate the business excluding these adjustments. For the quarter, our income before income taxes and EBITDAC increased by 50 basis points and our net income grew by 1.2%. A higher growth rate of adjusted net income as compared to adjusted income before income taxes was driven by a slightly lower effective tax rate this quarter of 38.8% versus 39.3% in the second quarter of last year. The lower effective tax rate was primarily impacted by the new accounting treatment for stock compensation that we discussed in the first quarter of this year plus a few discrete items. For the full year, we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 39% to 39.3%, in few slides were going to walk you the primary drivers of the margin changes. Moving to Slide #8, were going to walk through the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Starting with total revenues, our other income increased by $800,000. Our contingent commissions and GSCs increased $4.7 million as compared to the second quarter of last year. This growth was driven primarily by incremental contingents in our programs division, resulting from book growth along with the receipt of certain contingents that we did not qualify for in the prior year due to previous loss experience. Our total core commissions and fees increased by 3.3% year-over-year. When we isolate the net impact of our M&A activity our organic revenue growth was 1.6% for the quarter. Move over to Slide #9, similar to the first quarter, we thought it would be helpful if we include a walk of our quarterly EBITDAC margins from last year to this year and highlight the main drivers. We do not anticipate providing this level of detail each quarter unless it is beneficial to understanding of our numbers. On an as reported basis our margins decreased by 120 basis points year-over-year. We had the premium tax refunds that were recorded in the second quarter of last year, which resulted in a 60 basis point decline as compared to 2016. Then we had an $800,000 gain on the sale of our book of business in 2016 that increased the prior year margins by 20 basis points. We view these first two items as non-recurring as they only impacted the prior year. For the current quarter, the impact of our investment in technology was about 70 basis points. As it relates to the investment in technology, the programs are progressing along as expected. We previously mentioned that, we anticipated the largest incremental year-on-year increase to occur in the second quarter of this year. This is due to the fact that we had minimal investment in the second quarter of 2016 and then our investment began to increase in the third quarter of last year. For the full year, we still estimate the margin impact will be in the range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points versus 2016. Next is the impact from the new 5 for 5 Incentive Plan within retail. As Tom mentioned, this program is still in the early days, but it is performing financially how we thought it would, based upon the results in the first half of the year. The impact for the quarter is up slightly versus the first quarter as we have some producers on pace to deliver higher performance for the full year. Were accruing the cost based upon full year projection of growth by producer and as a result, there will not be a direct correlation of the expense and revenue in each quarter. As a reminder, we anticipate this program will impact our margins the most in 2017, less in 2018 and that will breakeven in 2019. Within other is the net effect of the increase contingence and guaranteed supplemental commissions, the continued impact of leveraging our revenues and the results of our strategic purchasing and cost management programs. We will move over Slide #10, we will look at the performance each of our divisions little more closer, were going to start with the retail. For the second quarter, our Retail division delivered total revenue growth of 1.9% and 1.1% organic revenue growth. As mentioned in the first quarter of this year, there was approximately 100 basis point benefit of revenue that we expected in the second quarter of this year. Our income before income taxes was down $1.2 million due to higher year-over-year acquisition earn-out adjustments of $1.1 million, a prior year gain on a book of business sale of $100,000. The incremental expense associated with our 5 for 5 Incentive programs, as well as our technology investments. These items were partially offset by lower intercompany interest charges. Retails year-over-year as reported EBITDAC margin decreased by a 180 basis points, primarily due to our incremental investments in the 5 for 5 Incentive Plan, as well as technology, and we also had the prior years gain on the book of business sale. Moving over Slide #11. For the quarter, total revenues for our National Programs division increased by 4.5% and 70 basis points organically. During the quarter, we received new or increased contingent commissions due to our improved performance for a few of our programs. As a reminder, we expect material downward pressure in the second half of this year on organic revenue growth related to carrier changes and $8 million of incremental storm claim revenues we recognized in the second half of 2016. Later, we are going to talk about the revenue and income impact of our new Core Commercial Program. For the quarter, income before income taxes increased by 5.4%, due to lower intercompany interest expense charges. Our EBITDAC decreased by 3.5%, primarily due to our Flood Insurance Program receiving one-time premium tax refunds of approximately $2.8 million during the second quarter of last year. This was partially offset by increased contingent commissions during the second quarter of this year. On to Slide #12, the Wholesale division delivered total revenue growth of 17.5% driven by acquisitions and organic revenue growth was 6.2%. Our income before income tax margin increased by 130 basis points to 27.9%. This was driven by increased organic growth and continued control of expenses. This increase was partially offset by higher intercompany interest expense. Our EBITDAC margin increased 190 basis points to 34.7% for the quarter. This increase was driven by the same factors we just mentioned, excluding the impact of intercompany interest expense charges. On to Slide #13, the Services division revenues were down slightly versus the prior year due to lower storm claim activity. For the quarter, our EBITDAC margin increased by 260 basis points, primarily due to managing our expense base and growth of our advocacy businesses. The incremental increase and income before income taxes were driven by lower intercompany interest expense. We do not expect this level of margin increase every quarter, but we are very focused on operating highly efficient claims businesses. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. Before we get to closing comments, we wanted to talk about our new Core Commercial Program that weve launched in partnership with QBE. This is now our third lift-out of a program, in 2012 we lifted out the automobile aftermarket program from Zurich and 2013 we lifted out the non-standard auto program from Everest. We believe it is our proven track record of running efficient programs, our underwriting capabilities, our technology, distribution and our talented teammates that enable us to help our carrier partners seek better returns on their programs. Were excited about the potential for this new program as it gives us a broad based business owner policy and a commercial package policy. This program will be licensed in all 50 states and will generally target middle market companies with annual premiums of $100,000 and below. Weve also increased our nationwide independent agency distribution and weve added more than 50 new teammates. As part of the lift-out we have a long-term commitment from QBE as they like the business and the potential outlook. From a financial standpoint, we will recognize revenues of about $6 million to $8 million in the second half of 2017 and we will have a net P&L investment of $1 million to $3 million. In 2018, we expect the revenues will increase to about $15 million to $17 million and our net P&L impact will be an investment of $2 million to $4 million. During this time period, we will be building our technology to support the program, then when we transmission off QBEs technology platform, the margins by the end of 2020 will be in line with the overall margins of our National Programs division. In closing, we remain optimistic about the outlook for the remainder of the year. The economy appears to be moving upwards slightly and rates appear to be moderating slightly. Our new Core Commercial Program will give us some organic growth in the second half of this year to help substantially replace the Cat claim revenue from 2016. Were working hardly at a lot of our core technology programs done by the first quarter of next year and further work to implement our uniformed retail agency management system. We were successful in closing a couple of acquisitions before the end of the quarter and we continue to look at a number of transactions that help us grow -- further grow and expand our capabilities. We have a lot of great activity going on throughout the company and are making progress in many of our initiatives to drive the business forward. I would like to thank all of our teammates for their efforts. We appreciate everything they do each and every day for our company and our team. With that, let me turn it back over to Tracy for our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Yes. Good morning. My first question on, so going back to Powell, some of your comments on the retail organic growth, I mean, I know some part of the slowdown in the quarter was due to timing, but now going back to the first quarter at least to me it seems like if you excel timing wise it would have more or less been looking for growth to kind of de-stable or pick-up from there given the retail comp program? Can we just get a little bit more color on what drove the sequential slowdown and then, if, would you expect I guess growth in the second half of the year just based off of how you see your business now to be stronger than what we saw in the first half of the year?
Powell Brown: Okay. So, Elyse, as you now, we dont think one quarter, you can have ups and downs in a division or in our business. Having said that, as you heard me say the average for the first half of the year was 2.5% organic growth versus 1.3% organic growth last year. So we are pleased with the overall performance, retail and the direction that its going. We were down a little bit this quarter and so, in your vernacular, we grew 3% in Q1 and we grew 2.1% in Q2. As you know we dont give organic growth guidance and we havent in the past, weve said that we believe that the business is a low-to-mid single-digit organic growth business and a steady state economy. But I know you are looking for some nugget of information and there is not really a nugget, when I say that, it is, we are continuing to execute the plan, we are doing better by a factor of almost double this time this year versus this time last year and we continue to work to improve it. So there is not one thing, its just we are down a little bit versus the first quarter in Q2.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. And then in terms of the outlook for the contingence, they were higher this quarter than last year. Do you have some visibility into how those will look in the back half of the year?
Andy Watts: Hi. Good morning, Elyse. Its Andy here. No. As weve really said on the previous calls, we dont have that level of visibility. We would expect them to continue to probably be flattish just based upon kind of what we know out there. It just depends up on performance every individual carrier partner and/or how its currently going underneath on there, so they do kind of moderate up and down.
Elyse Greenspan: And then I guess going back let me look at the pushes and pulls in that slide nine, when you show the EBITDAC margin and obviously, the biggest that 90 basis point really stem from the change in attendance year-over-year. I guess, were taking about the back half of the year most of the margin delta between 17 and 16 really just be reflective of the IT investments and the retail incentive plan, and then just also some of the color you gave surrounding the programming division?
Andy Watts: Yeah. Those will be the three main areas. Just again, keep in mind, the programs and as we mentioned before, when were going through the carrier changes, as well as the flood claims, those generally come with higher margin associated with them, so that will put pressure on the margins in the back end of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then as we think about 2018, I know you did provide some commentary about the retail comp program still impacting margins then? When you guys gave us the outlook for this tech program, it was two-year to three-year investment horizon. Are you expecting the program to impact margins when we get into 2018 or should we look for less of an impact on your margins from the tech program next year and just be thinking about that retail program still impacting margins?
Powell Brown: I think I have two topics inside there, Elyse. So, lets start first with technology. As we said that was probably a three-year investment program. Its continuing to move along the path the way that we anticipated. So there will probably be some impact in 2018, as we get towards the backend of the year, well be able to give a little better guidance as to what that looks like. The main piece that were focused on next year is the unified platform for retail agency management. So were going to work through that. And then retail, as we mentioned before, the largest investment is in 2017, then an investment starts to shrink in 2018 and then it breaks even in 2019, okay. So, said differently, therell be less margin impact in 2018 than what there was in 2017, okay?
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thats great color. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. The first question on the 5 for 5 Incentive program, could you give us a little bit more detail about how the program had been progressing, was your producer behavior under the new program? And what is your 40 basis points to 60 basis points basic impact on the margin side, what that imply in your sort of estimate how much that will help on organic growth side?
Andy Watts: Okay. So, first off, were very pleased with whats happening with our producers across the platform. So, that does not mean that they werent working hard before, because they were working really hard before. But there is also a monetary reward attached with a desired performance of growing their book on a net basis 5% or more. So, were very pleased with that, number one. Number two, as it relates to the organic growth and what we think it will be purely speculative right now versus what the actual outcome is, Kai, for the year. Heres what I would say when we went in. There are some producers that grow their book substantially every year. So, I dont think that the additional incentive is going to drive a different behavior. It will reward them more for that desired behavior. Then there are other producers who may not be able to grow their book as much each year, which may give them further incentive to do so and ultimately only time will play that out. But you could have somebody who has had their book flat or just up slightly or down slightly over the last couple of years for a whole bunch of reasons and maybe that helps them drive their book forward to give them additional growth. And so we have -- we do not talk about the anticipated organic growth associated with it just like we dont give organic growth guidance on our business. I will say, you could draw a parallel, Im not saying you should, but you could a draw parallel that are average organic growth in Q1 in retail is 2.5 this year versus 1.3 last year. That might be something you could do, but Im not saying you should. But ultimately at the end of the day, our goal is to grow our business more rapidly organically and profitably, and we believe this is part of the solution to doing that. Were very pleased with it.
Kai Pan: So the  thats great. The margin impact for next year, you would  and breakeven in 2019 assuming the program will continue in the current form?
Powell Brown: Thats correct  yeah. We  it is intended and will be an ongoing program. And you are correct and how you stated that, yes.
Kai Pan: Okay. Great. Second question on the QBE, potential growth opportunity there, you mentioned by 2020 will be similar margin to your National Program division. So what assumption youre assuming on that, basically in terms of the topline, how much contribution could there be coming from the  how fast can the business grow?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, in any time you have a transition when it comes from a carrier and/or platform. There is a little bit of transition time. So ultimately, I believe that there  were not talking about the growth numbers just like organic growth, but we do believe that the business can grow and we are excited about their risk appetite and working with the independent agents that they have actually already developed the really, really good business with. This business is primarily based up right outside of Madison, Wisconsin, and so we have a bunch of new teammates that have joined there and once it gets into our system, well be able to comment on growth and how its doing, just like, if we are talking about those that are contributed in the program space like winter place and the earthquake just in this particular quarter.
Andy Watts: And Kai, when you are thinking about the out years and our comments on margin is most of that is actually associated with moving on to our technology platform thats where we get the benefit out of, its not off the significant growth in the revenues.
Powell Brown: Thats correct.
Kai Pan: Okay. Great. Just -- if you can comment on, I just wonder given your investment things sort of cost structure and technology platform and the people, how much sort of was kind of run rate revenue core commission fee which sustain the similar margin as your National Program?
Powell Brown: Sorry, Kai, can you  yeah, can you repeat that one more time for us?
Kai Pan: Yeah. Sure. Just say like a given your investment youre making sort of run rate expenses in this new platform, what kind of like revenue topline would result in that similar margin as your current National Programs?
Powell Brown: Basically, it will be very similar to what weve said, which we are expecting next year full year revenue of $15 million to $17 million. So stated more simply with little or very little or moderate growth in the program we think that that occurs in the margin...
Kai Pan: Okay. So because of leverage out there on expense
Powell Brown: Correct. Exactly.
Kai Pan: Okay. Great. So last if I may, you saw the sort of recent acquisition by USI of the Wells Fargos Brokerage business. I just wonder from industry perspective do you think it will be coming a strong competitor in both organic growth, as well as for additional acquisition in the space?
Powell Brown: Well, since as you know theyre private equity owned, we dont have a good visibility into their organic growth profile. I dont know what that will be. Obviously, they bought I think was 40 businesses or 40 offices out of Wells Fargo before and I think that that has been successful for them or was successful for them, obviously enabling them to pay whatever they did which was a big number for the Wells Fargo business. And so, it -- only time will tell. I would think that theyre going to have quite some time to integrate that, but I could be wrong. We run into them periodically in the acquisition space. Its just like a number of other firms. There is about 26 private equity backed firms as you know, Kai. And on any given day, any one of those people can pop their head up and pay a big number for an opportunity. But, once again, banks depending on how it was run in the bank, there will be probably a transition and how they did it at Wells and how theyre going to do it under Mike Sicard and the rest of their leadership probably going to be a little different. So theyre going to have to just work through that.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thank you so much for all the answers.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Sarah DeWitt from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Sarah DeWitt: Just following up on the Arrowhead/QBE deal, could you talk a little bit about how that deal came about and are there any opportunities to do more similar deals so with other carriers going forward?
Powell Brown: Okay. So what I would tell you, Sarah, good morning, is in each of the lift-out opportunities and everyones a little different. But we were talking with our carrier partner and they had been evaluating either the cost structure, the profile of the business, the direction of it, whatever -- it could be a bunch of variables and they basically said, would it be better for us, this is the carrier, to actually partner with somebody like Arrowhead, Brown & Brown, in order to distribute this and be more efficient across our system. Can we get better results partnering with Arrowhead then we can ourselves. So having said that, thats how each of these and in different ways thats sort of come about. Also as and I cant stress this enough, the quality of our teammates in Arrowhead and across programs, we believe is second to none, number one. Number two, our technology we believe is second to none. Number three, weve done several of these, so we have a history of doing this successfully, which is unique. And to your second question, we believe that as a result of all the other capital, I dont even call it alternative any more, other capital out there and the way carriers are thinking about trying to write new business that there are a number of carriers that have very high fixed expense structures, which will have to evaluate other opportunities in the future. So do I think there is an opportunity for us in the future, yes. Do we know of one, no. Do we have one right on deck, no. And if you think about it, theyd happen like once every couple of years. And so its a long process, this isnt like something, somebody just decide to do there, its an incredible amount of work that goes into doing what weve talked about. And Ill tell you, I talked to six or seven of our teammates yesterday that were directly involved in the heavy lifting of move  of this partnership with QBE and they did an exceptional job. And so, like I said, we look out at it as an opportunity, weve done this now three times, this is a third. We would like to think that there are opportunities in the future but only time will tell.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Great. And just, so I can further understand, what is it about structure that makes this structure more cost efficient for the insurer?
Powell Brown: Okay. So, lets say that you have a large standard insurance company. You pick the name, I wont name anybody and their fixed costs, their expense ratio is 35% to 40% or 32% to 40%, and they know to be competitive going forward. It probably needs to be more like a 28%. I just pulled that out of the air. And so with the same amount of losses is there a way for them to let us put it on our platform and run it more efficiently than they. So I know you know this, but home office, overhead loads and charges can rack up or erode a margin in a program in a big company. And so when you bring that to us, its fully allocated and it operates on its own more efficiently, and we can drive some of that efficiency through our technology, as Andy talked about, our investment in that technology will enable us to bring profitability that over time, more profitability to it. So, like I said, you know more about insurance company financial structures than I do. But I can tell you, running a very high expense ratios presents a challenge for all of those leaders going forward and opportunities for us.
Sarah DeWitt: Thats great. Thanks for the answers.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Sarah.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Powell Brown: Hi.
Josh Shanker: I have a couple of interrelated questions, so back when you guys dispose of Axiom Re, are you -- kind of change how you did your reporting, you made a difference between GAAP EPS and adjusted EPS. And going forward, I guess, when you have earn-outs and excessive expectations youre adjusting that out as well. I wanted to know a little bit about your change in thought process on why you used to think that GAAP was the best representation, now adjusted is better? And two when we think about the quality deals that youre acquiring, Im sure you think of your teammates as the kind of teammates will exceed expectations, to what extent for the earn-outs expected versus the earn-outs been surprising?
Powell Brown: Id like to just talk about that at a high level from a standpoint of and Josh, I think you know this, Im not a CPA, so Im sitting next to one, but I am not a CPA. So relative to GAAP and adjusted earnings, my analysis is there have been things that have occurred in the last several years, which start to make the GAAP number a little bit more opaque than it was. So for example, a change in estimated acquisition payable is a non-cash item based on an estimate that you are putting up or making adjustments in our case on a quarterly basis versus just putting up the entire estimated expense. And so, I think, it has, thats why we moved to EBITDAC and others have moved to EBITDAC to try to eliminate that, so its clearer for you and everybody else to see. Anytime we adjust the number, and Im the first to say, adjustments are what our ongoing expenses versus one-time in nature. And Andy and I and others on our team have big debates about that, with -- when you look at other companies, Im not talking about just insurance brokers, Im just talking about companies in general and how they present their numbers. Having said that, we  maybe we are the most conservative on our estimates on the earn-out payables, but we do an adjustment on a quarterly basis and maybe I should ask you the question and all the other companies that you follow, those that do acquisitions, do they not have any adjustments on a quarterly basis and if so, how do you view that?
Josh Shanker: Well, some doing, some dont. Look, my bigger concerns that if I vouch for Brown & Brown is hiring the highest quality teams, shouldnt I always expect them to beat the earn-out goals and then there would be a recurring earn-outs to be had in quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. I mean, how do those being put in quality teams on the books, who do you see the expectation as a general business practice comply with the non-recurring nature of adjustment based on earn-outs?
Powell Brown: Yeah. Im going to let Andy answer the GAAP answer to that. But Im going to answer the reality of that. When we hire  when weve acquired team organizations, we do think that they are very high quality people, so no debate on that. Having said that, that does not mean that every single one of our transactions they maximize the earn-out and so remember, weve set the amount based on the estimate when we do the transaction and then adjust up or down on a quarterly basis. What you just described, Josh, I believe, is youve described a method, which I dont know if its GAAP or not well let Andy say that to us, but is basically saying that all earn-outs should be maxed out upfront and therefore in the event that they didnt exceed that amount at the end, there would actually be a credit. Am I right Andy?
Andy Watts: If you follow that approach.
Powell Brown: Yeah. I just want to make sure.
Andy Watts: It would be, yes.
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. Thats not
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Josh Shanker: The question I have, if I took all the earn-out adjustments over history, they net to zero or they net to positive?
Andy Watts: I could not give you that answer right here on the spot, Josh, if we go back in history. But we can figure that well go back and look at. Here is what happens on all of these and I think your point about high performing teams is well made. When we go to the acquisitions, were looking at the quality of the team that were bringing on, as well as the historical performance of that business and were setting the expectations accordingly. One of the things we dont do is, we dont give everybody away a layup when you come in. Thats just now how we operate. And so as we go through were trying to project generally over that earn-out period, two years, three years. What we think that business is actually going to produce, some business is do come in and just absolutely crush it and theyre well over our pro forma. So therefore we take a charge to the P&L. If thats a highbrow problem, if theyre well over our numbers. But we try to get that as best as we can. Sometimes we miss it a little bit on either of the side. So, and thats why you cant see it up and down. But I dont what you to think or we dont want you to think that were walking away from GAAP that is absolutely not the case. We still believe that GAAP numbers are very important. Its just these are  it could be the one area where weve got the most volatility up and down.
Josh Shanker: Well, I hope it mostly up for you guys, because we want to see it happen, assume its always up, then we have a question about whether I get the  we should assume that you guys, I havent said that, I assume that high quality delivery and Im wondering how that relates to making changes in the reported EPS
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Josh Shanker: but great job. Im not trying to say anything. I am just trying to understand my own forecasting whether or not I should say, were going to win every quarter is a good and thats what I am trying to figure out.
Powell Brown: Hey, Josh, you think, we would just clarify. The other reason why we also break this out is, I would say, almost all of our analyst, I cant say every one of them, but almost every one of them do not forecast any adjustment for acquisition earn-outs. Some put some of the interest accretion inside of it and some put zero. So if we dont break this out, were actually comparing an apple with an orange then.
Josh Shanker: Totally reasonable. Congratulations and good luck in the future. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Josh.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Adam Klauber from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Wholesale is doing pretty well this year. It seems like its running organically above last year, whats the drivers of that?
Powell Brown: Well, remember we have  there is two parts to that business, there is binding authority and there is transactional brokerage.
Adam Klauber: Yeah.
Powell Brown: And we with a very good team of people in both segments of that business. As you heard me allude to earlier the Cat property rates are not going down as fast, they still are going down, but theyre not going down as fast as they once were and we continue to do a good job for our binding authority partners across the country and its quite honestly a lot just getting in, a lot of opportunities and binding a lot of those opportunities, I know that sounds pretty basic. But Tony Strianese and his team, Kathy Colangelo and Neal Abernathy, theyve done a great job of putting the great group of people together and giving them the products to sell to their retail customers. So, were very, very pleased with wholesale, not only this quarter, but thats the highest growing business in our company in the last five years or six years.
Adam Klauber: Yeah. Yeah. Tony is obviously doing a great job. So what was the level  whats the level of volumes in the transactional side of the business, is that mid single-digit or so?
Powell Brown: Wait a minute, is volumes of transactions or?
Adam Klauber: Sorry, submissions, volumes of submissions in the transactional business?
Powell Brown: Yeah. The answer is, I dont know the right at the top of my head the volume of submissions. I know that it is an enormous number. But I cant comment, I am sorry, I dont know how much its up or down. I can tell you that it is categorically up though, I could say that for sure
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Powell Brown: ... quarter-over-quarter year, yeah.
Adam Klauber: So the transactional side is also doing well in addition to the binding authorities side?
Powell Brown: Yeah. Theyre both doing well. Remember, the bigger the premium on an account, the more attention that it attracts, and therefore, I think, its fair to say, its probably under the most rate pressure. So a $1 million premium is going to be different than a $4,700 premium.
Adam Klauber: Right. Right. Okay. On the benefit side, I know you dont break it out separately, but ballpark, is that doing on average, as well as the retail business over the better or over the worse?
Powell Brown: Well, hypothetically we dont really give guidance, but its doing quite well and were very pleased with it, hows that.
Adam Klauber: Yeah. That definitely helps. And then you alluded to this but I just want to get the better picture, so would you say that exposures are doing well. Our audit premiums up this year compared to last year?
Powell Brown: Yes.
Adam Klauber: Yes. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thats helpful.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Adam.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time. [Operator Instructions] There appears to be no further questions in the queue. Id like to turn it back to yourself for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Tracy. Thank you all very much and its great to talk to you. Well talk to you next quarter. Good day.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andy Watts - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Mark Hughes - SunTrust Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Adam Klauber - William Blair
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. First Quarter of 2017 Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including information contained in the slide presentation, posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2017 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2017 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary un-audited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday and the factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Shannon and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2017 earnings call. I am on Slide 4. For the first quarter, we delivered $465.1 million of revenue, growing 9.6% in total and 3.5% organically. Our total revenue growth includes a $20 million legal settlement that we have with the shared partners for the first quarter of this year. Our EBITDAC margin increased 10 basis points from Q1 of 16 on an as reported basis. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin decreased 270 basis points from the prior year, when excluding the net amount of $18.8 million associated with a legal settlement. Andy will go into more of this later. As our reported earnings per share for the quarter increased to $0.49 for the first quarter, our as reported earnings increased to $0.49 for 2017 from $0.44 in the first quarter of 16. When excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables from both years along with the net legal settlement and adjusting for the prior year for the impact of adopting the new GAAP guidelines or guidance for stock-based compensation, our earnings per share decreased 4.4% to $0.43 on an adjusted basis. Overall, we feel Q1 was a good quarter as our organic revenues growth improved nicely and we continued to invest in our business, which will help drive further organic growth and margin expansion in the future. I want to take a moment to thank all of our teammates as a result  as these results would not be possible without all of their hard efforts. I am now on Slide 5. The first quarter was an interesting one, as we entered it with a lot of optimism about what the new administration might do to further improve the economy. As the quarter continued, some of this optimism has slowed and now companies are more cautious or skeptical about what shape some of the programs, including tax reform, infrastructure projects and ACA reform will take and when they might actually take effect, if at all. With that said, we did see the economy continue to expand across most communities in the past quarter. There are number of geographies that are doing well as evidenced by construction starts, while communities that are tied to oil and gas have leveled out. As we mentioned before, increases in exposure units are the primary driver of growth in our customer base. Similar to previous quarters, the amount of capital and appetite to deploy this capital has not slowed. All risk bearers are looking for creative ways to retain their renewals. Over the past few years, we have generally been experiencing consecutive decreases in premium rates across most lines. We would say that in the first quarter, coastal property rates are not down as much as they were last year. The rates were decreasing between 5% and 25%, but slowed in the first quarter of this year and are decreasing between 2% and 10%. We have also talked about in previous quarters about rate increases for commercial auto, which is being driven primarily by frequency of claims and distracted drivers. Well, that trend continued in the first quarter with rates generally flat to up 5%, with most accounts closer to plus 5%. In all other lines of coverage, rates are generally flat to down 5% with the exception as I mentioned earlier of commercial auto and coastal property. One of the biggest  or one of the bigger topics during the quarter was what the impacts would be if there was any reform of the Affordable Care Act. This was in addition to the continual topic of cost containment for healthcare plans. With the material increases to premium rates for most state exchanges or decreases in the number of providers or both, we did see customers continue to manage plan design. Creativity around plan options is at the forefront. We continue to believe that this uncertainty and need for creativity is a positive for Brown & Brown as it positions us well as a trusted advisor to bring alternative options to customers that best address the needs of their company and their employee base. I am going to switch gears now and talk about the performance of our four divisions. From a retail perspective, we had a really nice quarter and grew 4% organically as compared to 70 basis points for the first quarter of last year. We realized continued improvement in our momentum that we created in 2016. We did have about 100 basis points of benefit this quarter from timing related items, underlying our organic growth was closer to 3%, which we view as a really good improvement. The performance of the first quarter was driven by one, solid new business; two, higher retention as we had fewer insureds that were acquired as we did in the first quarter of last year. We are seeing increased exposure units as I referred to earlier and in some cases flattening of premium rate decreases. We realized solid improvement across almost all lines of business with our employee benefits and large account businesses performing the best this quarter. Last quarter, we talked about the approval by the Florida Department of Insurance to increase workers compensation rates by 14.5%, effective December 1 of 2016 for all new policies and upon renewal for all existing policies. The rate increases are taking effect for some customers, but we also have customers trying to manage their payrolls in order to best manage the cost increases. We believe that if the rate increases remain in effect, the impact on our entire retail division will not be material as the annualized benefit would only be in the range of $1.5 million to $2 million in Florida and you combine that with a number of other states that have decreased their workers compensation rates for 2017. Therefore, we do not expect any material benefit or detriment to retail in 2017. Shannon, I was going to ask I hear a clicking in the background, I dont know if there is something on your end. I just want to bring that to your attention. Since we know everyone is going to ask us, we wanted to share with you how our new 5 for 5 incentive program is working. As a reminder, this program will pay a producer a incremental 5% if a book of business grows organically 5% for the full year in 2017. The initial reaction from our producers has been really good and they are all very focused on retaining business and bringing in new accounts. Its still very early in the year to determine how the program will ultimately drive performance. However, we do believe that a small portion of our increased performance for the quarter was driven by the new program. The performance of our national program division was right in line with our expectations for the first quarter. We anticipated that the carrier changes for a couple of our programs will impact our revenue retention during the transition period. As we mentioned previously, this is common during carrier changes. Then once the new carrier is in place, the revenue will stabilize and we will have the opportunity to grow. We highlighted last quarter that these changes will result in a decrease of revenues from national programs in 2017 of approximately $5 million to $7 million for the full year versus 2016. Also during the quarter, we felt the year-on-year impact of premium rate decreases on our coastal property programs. The decline from the carrier changes and the coastal property programs offset the solid performance from a number of our other programs. During the quarter, our lender placed program, our commercial and residential DIC program and our flood program did well, just to name a few. Our wholesale business had a really good quarter, growing 7.4%. This is a great performance. During the quarter, we have realized growth across almost all lines of coverage in most businesses. Our binding authority business and our personal lines business has performed really well again this quarter and our brokerage businesses improved nicely as we wrote more new business and rate decreases were less than in the prior year. The services division experienced good organic growth for the quarter at 4.9%. This was driven primarily by claim activity related to the spring storms in Texas and also to our Social Security advocacy business performed well during the quarter. In summary, we are very pleased with the performance of our four divisions for the first quarter of 17. Now, let me turn it over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thanks Powell. Good morning, everyone. I am over on Slide #6. This shows our GAAP reported results for the quarter. In the first quarter, we delivered total revenue growth of 9.6% and organic growth of 3.5%. Our income before income taxes grew by 8.2% and our diluted earnings per share increased by 11.4% to $0.49 versus $0.44 in the first quarter of last year. Our weighted average number of shares increased by 1.5%, mainly due to shares issued as part of our long-term equity plan and our employee stock purchase program. Our goal each year is to minimize the impact of these share programs via periodic stock repurchases throughout the year. And lastly, our dividends increased just over 10% for the quarter. Due to the impact of the legal settlement we received, we are going to spend most of our time discussing our financial performance on an adjusted basis. On Slide #7, this presents our adjusted numbers after removing the impact of the cash proceeds and the associated legal costs related to the legal settlement, the change in the acquisition earn-out liabilities and the new ASU related to accounting for stock-based compensation. During the quarter, we received $20 million and incurred about $1.2 million of legal costs for a net benefit of $18.8 million related to the aforementioned legal settlement. Excluding these items, our revenues increased by 4.9%, our income before income taxes decreased by 5.5% and our EBITDAC declined by 3.6%, with net income declining 3.3%. In a few slides, we are going to talk to the primary drivers of the changes in our margins, which are primarily one-time in nature or recorded last year. Moving over to Slide #8, we are going to go through the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Starting with total revenues, our other income increased by $18.9 million, driven by the legal settlement we mentioned previously. Our contingent commissions in GSCs are down about $1.4 million, as compared to the first quarter of the prior year. This is really driven primarily by increased loss ratios from some carriers and we had a couple carriers changed from guaranteed supplemental commission plans to contingent commission plans within our retail division. Our core commissions and fees increased by 6.2% year-over-year. Isolating the net impact of our M&A activity, our organic revenue growth was 3.5% for the quarter. We want to caution everyone not to assume that our future quarters this year will be at the same level, as we have the year-on-year impact of storm claim revenues we have recognized in the second half of 2016 and we have the carrier changes within national programs. Both of these are going to put downward pressure on our top line year-over-year. Due to all the moving parts in the first quarter, we thought it will be helpful to include a walk of our EBITDAC margins from last year to this year and we are on Slide #9 now. We do not anticipate providing this level of detail on the future quarters, unless its beneficial to the understanding of our numbers. On an as reported basis, our margins increased by 10 basis points. But as you will see, there are a number of components. The largest impact was from the net legal settlement that improved margins by 270 basis points. Then we had the premium tax refunds and SIP credits we recorded in the first quarter of last year, that each contributed 70 basis points of margin. Then we had a $2 million gain on the sale of the book of business in 2016 that increased the prior year margins by 50 basis points. We view these first four items as one-time in nature or they only impacted the prior year. For the quarter, the impact of our investment technology was about 40 basis points. As it relates to the investment in technology, the programs are progressing along as we had expected. Next, is the impact from the new 5 for 5 incentive plan within retail. As Powell mentioned, this program is still in early days, but its performing financially how we thought it would based upon the results in the first quarter. As a reminder, we anticipate this program will impact our margins for 2017 and 2018 and then we will recover the decline in margins in 2019. Within other is the net effect of the lower contingents and guaranteed supplemental commissions and the impact of leveraging our revenues. We want to continue to reiterate that we believe our business can operate at 33% to 35% EBITDAC margins, but we might be outside of this range at certain times based upon investments in our business or our top line growth. We will move over to Slide #10. We will take a look at the performance of each of our divisions a little more closely and we are going to start with the retail. For the first quarter, our retail division delivered 4% organic revenue growth, which was driven by improved performance across all lines of the business. We had lower reduction in lost business, as we have fewer customers that were acquired through M&A. Then also, we had about 100 basis points of benefits from the timing of revenues. The timing came from transactions that were not recognized in the fourth quarter of last year or some incentives that were realized in the first quarter of this year. Our income before income taxes was down $1.6 million due to higher acquisition earn-out adjustments of $4.8 million year-over-year, partially offset by lower inter-company interest charges and again, a $2 million on the sale of book business last year. Retails year-over-year reported EBITDAC margin decreased by 60 basis points, primarily due to the lower contingent and GSC commissions, a gain on the sale of the book of business and to a lesser extent, the expense associated with the 5 for 5 incentive program. We are going to move over to Slide 11. Our national programs division delivered revenues consistent with the prior year, which is in line with our expectations for the reasons that Powell mentioned earlier. As a reminder, we expect there would be downward pressure in the second half of this year on organic revenue growth as we had storm claim revenues in the second half of 2016 and we have the carrier changes we mentioned earlier. For the quarter, income before income taxes, as a percentage of revenue decreased from 13.6% to 12.4%, due primarily to our flood insurance program receiving one-time premium tax refunds of approximately $3 million during the first quarter of 2016 and this was partially offset by lower inter-company interest expenses charges. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 400 basis points due to the aforementioned one-time premium tax refund and a loss of revenue associated with the programs that are changing carriers and the decline in our coastal property programs. On to Slide #12, this is our wholesale division. For the quarter, wholesale delivered  division delivered total revenue growth of 22.1%, driven by acquisitions and organic revenue growth of 7.4%. Income before income taxes decreased by 380 basis points to 23.5%, this was driven by the impact of lower margins associated with certain acquisitions, our business mix, which is really the result of higher transaction volumes at lower premium prices and the increase in inter-company interest expense. Our EBITDAC margins are 31.3% for the quarter versus 33.3% in the prior year. This decline was driven by the same factors we just mentioned, but excludes the impact of inter-company interest charges. Over to Slide #13, our services division had another good quarter and delivered total revenue growth of 7.4% and organic growth of 4.9%. For the quarter, our EBITDAC margin increased by 60 basis points, primarily due to higher claim volumes, managing our costs and the acquisition of a higher margin business in the first quarter of 2016. The incremental increase in income before income taxes as a percentage of revenue was driven by lower inter-company interest expense. A few additional comments for the quarter, during the first quarter, we adopted ASU 2016-09, which relates to the accounting for stock based compensation awards. This ASU requires that upon investing the stock based compensation, any tax implications be treated as a discrete credit to income tax expense in the quarter of vesting. The prior treatment required that the tax implication be treated as a reduction and additional paid in capital. During the first quarter, we have recognized about $3 million of tax credit, which decreased our effective tax rate to just below 37% versus about 39.5% in the prior year. Based on our vesting schedules, the majority of the tax benefits will be in the first quarter of each year. We continue to estimate that our full year effective tax rate will be in the range of 39% to 39.3%. Regarding technology, we want to note that the incremental margin impact will be in the range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points as compared to 2016. We expect that the costs within the retail segment to continue to increase as the year progresses. With that, let me turn it back to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. As we move in to Q2, we watch the potential for ACA reform and tax reform with great interest, as I know you do. Rates overall are flat to down slightly. One quarter does not make a trend. Cat property rates saw declines of 10% or less. A word of caution there are lots of large property schedules that renew in Q2, so we will see how rates hold or decrease in Q2. The M&A environment continues to be very competitive. We continue to search for firms that fit culturally and make sense financially. In the current environment, we have seen a number of deals that do not make sense to us financially. In closing, we entered Q2 with cautious optimism about the year, what the year might look like. We have lots of great activity going on throughout our company and are making progress on many of our initiatives to drive the business forward. With that, let me turn it back over to Shannon for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. First off, I was just hoping to just get, tie together some comments you guide made Powell, you mentioned cautious optimistic, I guess commentary about the economy and then you guys did point to the improvement in retail, so backing out the one-time as you said around 3%, I mean how do you envision the back three quarters of 17, I mean I know Q1 16 was the easiest comp for that business last year, so how do you envision the growth trajectory, given the economy that we are sitting in today, kind of the organic, should it pick up from the 3% in the remaining three quarters of the year or how do you kind of see that playing out?
Powell Brown: Okay. Elyse, I appreciate the question. And as you know, we dont give organic growth guidance. So we are going to say that somewhere between zero and mid single-digits. And so having said that, we watched the economy as closely as you and everybody else does. But as I said, one quarter doesnt make a trend.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the margins for the quarter, if you back out the one-timers from last year in the tax spend and the retail program, the margins were about flat on an overall basis, how do you envision margins playing out through the remaining three quarters, I know there is some headwind given the lack of flood business in the back half of the year, but how do you envision the margin trajectory I guess ex-TAC in the retail cost for the balance of the year?
Andy Watts: Elyse, if I could clarify, you are talking at the total company level, correct?
Elyse Greenspan: Yes.
Andy Watts: Yes. What we would say on those is that we would expect that the tech in the 5 for 5 program will continue to put some pressure on margins in the back end of the year. And then also just as a reminder, we did have some of the tax premium refunds in the second quarter of last year that will also put some pressure on those. And with the carrier changes in national programs, again that will put some pressure on the margin in the back end of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then on tech side, you mentioned 40 basis points to 50 basis points, it had been 35 basis points to 40 basis points, so you are increasing I guess the spend that you are expecting for 17, from your comments today?
Andy Watts: Yes, a little bit on there. Elyse, I think as we get better visibility to the programs, as they gain momentum, we are going to kind of tighten up our range a little bit. So not any major movements, but thats kind of the ballpark we see right now.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then you didnt say  I am assuming you guys didnt repurchase any stock in the quarter. As you do have some cash on the legal settlement, and given I guess where you see acquisitions prices today, has anything changed on your view in terms of capital management and allocation in terms of share repurchase?
Powell Brown: Nothing has changed, Elyse. We continue to evaluate it and we talked to our Board about it when we are together, but there is no change in the way we look at capital allocation.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. Just a follow-up one on the sort 5 for 5 program and it looks like you pay additional like close to $2 million of additional compensation accrual for the quarter, which kind of imply 5% additional like $35 million of commissions, I just want to make sure if my math is right and how do you accrue for these incentive programs?
Andy Watts: Yes. Lets see if I can clarify a little bit on, Chi. So the way the program works is that anybody that is able to grow the book over 5% for the full year 2017, we get that. As we mentioned, when we rolled this plan out at the beginning of the year and we talked about on the year end call, is there is going to be some of our producers that are already over 5%. So you do have  its not that you have got your full year because I think what you are trying to do is presume that if you take your 2% kind of divide it all the way, you got an incremental 35 but we dont actually work that way.
Kai Pan: Okay. And will that be accrued throughout the year, every the quarter, you will have additional accrual, depending on the performance?
Andy Watts: Yes, depending upon performance, correct, yes.
Kai Pan: Okay. So and then on the margins side, is that the 40 basis points from tech and the 40 basis points from the incentive program, assuming that will continue, would that be sort of like the basic run rate basis?
Powell Brown: Well, on tech, we said its going to be 40 basis points to 50 basis points. And we cant say yet on the 5 for 5 accrual because we have to watch it every quarter.
Andy Watts: Yes. And listen if we cant, lets clarify on the technology spend. Is it can be up and down during the year and lets explain what we mean by that. Its because we started into the programs during last year and the spend picking up in the back end of the year. We are going to have, at times a higher impact in the first half of this year. Then, as we start to lap the expenses, the impact will be less. So you probably dont want to take into a straight line across the border, you will probably expect that the second quarter will be a little bit higher.
Kai Pan: Okay, thats great. And lastly, on your cash balance, you now reached close to $550 million, the highest probably in the company history, so just wonder how much cash you need to keep on the balance sheet to run your day-to-day operations and whats your  like how [indiscernible] to the excess capital or cash you would keep on balance sheet for an extended period of time and how do you plan to deploy it?
Powell Brown: Yes, Kai, we havent disclosed what we think the required working capital is in the company. We have got sufficient amount of cash as well as access to whatever capital that we need. And then I would like to address the second point which I think is the most important. Kai, I believe that I said this last time, but if I didnt I will clarify it for everybody. We have been very clear that we are deploying our capital on three ways: one, through hiring new teammates and growing our business organically; two, by acquisitions; and three, to return it to shareholders through either dividends or share repurchases or some combination thereof. We are going to pay out about $70 million in dividends this year to our shareholders. So having said that, I have been asked that what happens if in fact acquisitions were very, very expensive going forward for a protracted period of time and if we evaluated our stock price and we thought the stock price was fully valued at the time. And the answer to the question is that we are going to stockpile cash on our balance sheet. And so if anybody wants to criticize somebody at Brown & Brown, you can criticize me. But we are not going  we do not have a whole burning in our pocket and I know you know that and we look very, very closely at our acquisitions and how we deploy that capital and we will continue to do so. Its interesting, because as I alluded to in my prepared remarks, some of the acquisitions that we see out there, we know that the numbers dont make sense, but we are a forever company and those companies are going to be flipped in 3 to 5 to 7 years and they dont build cultures in that period of time. We have only been doing this for 77 years and we think we really have a strong culture and we will continue to maintain that. So, I anticipate that we will have opportunities to deploy our capital fine over the intermediate to longer term, but its very possible we could continue to stockpile cash on the balance sheet. As you know, last year, I believe that we added $72 million to the cash on hand year-over-year. The prior year, we paid out about all of the cash that we earned. So thats it.
Kai Pan: Okay, thats very clear. Thank you so much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning. The Social Security advocacy business you have had good success there. Any color you can provide on whether thats new clients, more claims coming from existing clients or you are just having more success getting those benefits for your clients?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, there is two clarifications. We work on behalf of insurance company partners to get these settled. And sometimes, well, I shouldnt say sometimes, it is very highly dependent on the way those claims are processed with the federal government. So when I say that, Mark, sometimes that, things seemed to be going in a good pace and a flow and we get a lot processed and then there are sometimes, i.e., when there is a question about funding for the federal government, when things slow down and we have talked about that in the past. So I would basically say that we continued to enjoy and work really hard on behalf working for our carrier partners on this in this regard. And I think that success breathes success when you do a good job, then you have the opportunity to earn more business from those partners. But there is not one thing thats just sticking out that saying this is happening which is dramatically changing our results there.
Mark Hughes: Right. So at least from your perspective, the process is working smoothly, you might say in Washington on this topic?
Powell Brown: Well, I dont know if Id say that, I think that you might have been a little bit overly zealous in your response there. I would say that today things are still being processed. And if you could give us more clarity on whats happening at Washington, we would all like to know. But I am cautious about saying something that broadly.
Mark Hughes: Right. On the  Andy, you have talked about the  you have got some tough comps on the storm claim business. Is there kind of an elevated revenue or revenue number above trend that you have in mind when you think about the kind of the potential pressure in the second half?
Andy Watts: Yes, Mark. So we had called out  we said we had about $9 million of incremental storm claim revenue last year over 2015, which almost all primarily fell in the second half of the year. So during our calls last year we had called out about $4 million in the third quarter and about $3 million in the fourth quarter. And then there is a little bit kind of first and second quarter but that big chunks are back into the year.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question will come from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: You guys reiterated that 33% to 35% EBITDAC margins are expected normal and obviously you are below that right now. Well, when you are talking about the wholesale business, you had big growth but huge decline in operating leverage due to a change in business mix. Isnt that change in business mix kind of [indiscernible] sort of thing that certainly affects the long-term margins of the business? How do we get back to 33% to 35%?
Powell Brown: Okay. Well, let me talk broadly about the business and then I will talk specifics in terms of divisions. Number one, obviously, as you know that we had a decrease in profit sharing for the quarter. So that in and of itself has a significant impact, number one. Number two, in the specifically in the wholesale segment, the wholesale segment of our business, we have  we did an acquisition last year that has lower than historic margins, which we have to move up over time, which we are doing. We also seem to have more flow of activity, but the compression in rates is making that more costly to service and that is probably the way to say it. And so thats  and our profit-sharing overall has been down in a wholesale to the prior year. If you look inside of programs, we have articulated that we have several programs that are actually changing carriers, which is going to have a revenue impact of what you stated $5 million to $7 million. We also have said that in our coastal property programs, rates have been going down and continuing to go down, so that has compressed our margins in those particular programs as well. In retail, as we said, we had a very good quarter, but we continue to invest in the business, i.e., hiring people. And we had a good quarter also in services. So when you put all that together, I would say thats the clearest I think we can make it in terms of the pressure points on the business kind of across the way. Andy, you got anything else to add on that?
Andy Watts: Josh, when we give the ranges, we are not saying that we are going to be there in 2017. Thats kind of what we call our what should be the interim range and we can be above, just as we have talked about our organic we should be in the low to mid single-digits and kind of a normal stable economy. Well, thats different things going with rates etcetera. Thats where we do believe we can operate the business. We have been able to do that over the last 10 and 20 years as we have grown the business substantially. You might see outside of that every now and then, but we think we have got the right operating framework.
Josh Shanker: Should we be there in 2019?
Powell Brown: There is too much speculation. I mean, we dont know what the economy is going to be doing, what rates are going to be doing or any of that. What we are trying to do is we are trying to grow the business organically and add with good acquisitions where we can find them and obviously grow the profit-sharing and the profit-sharing has been under pressure because of losses and rate decreases.
Josh Shanker: That makes sense. And one other question about the 5 for 5, in your experience, is there any difference in the stickiness of business acquired via standard procedure versus acquired during an incentive plan?
Powell Brown: Not that we are aware of.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you very much. Good luck.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Good morning. Thanks. Wholesale business was very strong, I guess what was the level of submissions, and do you think you are taking market share in that business?
Powell Brown: Well, I am not trying to be funny, Adam, but we had a lot of submissions, but I am not going to say that we  I think the important thing that you know is, one, we have a lot of activity in wholesale. So as Tony Strianese says you got to put the lot of hamburgers particularly in binding authority and personal lines, number one. Number two, we referenced that the CAT property, the large transactional wholesale rates were not down as much as we anticipated. I also caution you to say that one quarter doesnt make a trend. We were very pleased with the performance in Q1 of wholesale and I would say that I am only speaking on behalf of myself, but I was pleasantly surprised, because I anticipated further rate pressure in CAT property.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thats helpful. And then as far as rate, is that business expanding? I know its growing, but you are expanding the distribution or you just be able to grow that business?
Powell Brown: Well, I think that its a combination of both. Remember, we are servicing retail agents across the country, so we can service existing agents and we can make  we can work with new agents or writing new policies on behalf of existing or new agents. So we think that there are growth opportunities in a bunch of different ways there and we are very pleased with how right slide is doing.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And the benefit, I know you dont break that out or give exact, but is that grown in the range of the overall retail, better, worse or just some idea how that business is growing, some ballpark idea would be helpful?
Powell Brown: Its growing nicely. I dont mean to be flippant, but we dont give the exact number, but I am very pleased with where we are for employee benefits.
Adam Klauber: Yes. Just ballpark is helpful. Okay, thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: And it does appear we have no further questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Okay. Well, thank you all very much and have a wonderful day. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q2. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: That does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President & CEO Andy Watts - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Quentin McMillan - KBW Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Adam Klauber - William Blair Ken Billingsley - Compass Point
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. 2016 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the 2016 fourth quarter and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the 2016 fourth quarter that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cathy, and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. I'm on Slide four. For the fourth quarter, we delivered $434 million of revenue, growing 7.1% in total and 3.5% organically. Once again all four of our divisions grew organically. Excluding the $8.1 million pretax credit adjustment related to non-cash stock compensation that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015, our EBITDAC margin for the fourth quarter of 2016 was unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2015 at 30.9%. Our as reported earnings per share for the quarter remained flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 at $0.41 per share. However when excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables from the Q4 2016 and 2015, along with the $8.1 million of stock compensation credit in 2015, our earnings per share increased 10.5% to $0.42 on an adjusted basis. Our investment in technology remains on target impacting our EBITDAC margin for Q4 by 40 basis points when compared to the prior year. On to Slide five. For the full-year, we delivered $1.767 billion of revenue, growing 6.4% and 3% organically. For the year we experienced a decrease in our EBITDAC margin of approximately 50 basis points as compared to the prior year which was primarily driven by our investment in technology. As our reported earnings per share of $1.82 was an increase of 7.1% compared to 2015. Excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables in each year, our earnings per share increased 8.8% to $1.86 on an adjusted basis. For the year, we acquired over $55 million of annualized revenue which is in line with our 2015 acquired revenues. Andy will provide some details on our financial performance later in the presentation. Overall we're really pleased with our results for Q4 and the full-year of 2016. These results were delivered to the hard work and dedication of our over 8,600 teammates and we really appreciate all of their hard work to make this possible. I'm on Slide 6. During the quarter we continued to see modest growth in exposure units as a result of further improvement in the economy. Still very early days to determine the impact of the new administration, but there is some optimism about potential tax perform and how that might benefit the economy, our customers, and Brown & Brown. There were no real changes in catastrophic property rates for the quarter as they remain down 5% to 20%. Now that the 2016 hurricane season is behind us and insured losses were not material, we believe cat property rates will remain under pressure in 2017. Insureds continuing to evaluate the hurricane deductibles, flood coverage, and flood excess of the NFIP. We continue to see some non-Medicare's offering admitted paper options in certain coastal areas. In the admitted market, there are really no changes to rates. Rates are very similar to previous quarters as flat to down 5%. The exception to this is commercial auto where rates are flat up 5% all due to the frequency of claims. Professional liability rates are generally flat with the exception to some lines which were down slightly or even more than slightly. From a retail perspective, we grew 2.2% organically as we continue to see a positive trend in the last several quarters. We see our customers adding some employees and evaluating their healthcare options. Our customers continue to seek ways to manage their overall healthcare costs through plan or formulary design options. We did not see any material impact in the fourth quarter related to state exchanges with the potential for changes to ACA in the air, the first quarter of 2017 will give us a better idea of how companies are reacting to the rate increases and there being fewer options on state exchanges. Last quarter, we talked about the approval by the Florida Department of Insurance in the fourth quarter for worker's compensation rate increase. The approved increase of 14.5% is effective December 1, 2016, for all new policies and upon renewal for all existing policies. There is currently a lot of noise around this topic due to questions regarding the disclosure in accordance with the Florida State Sunshine Laws. As a result we're not sure of what, if any impact, this may have on our Florida worker's compensation business. If the increase stays in place then the benefit would be in the range of $1.5 million to $2 million which we referenced last quarter. In addition during the quarter a number of states decreased worker's compensation rate for the 2017. As a result we don't expect any material benefit or detriment to retail in 2017. For 2017 and going forward we're implementing a new annual incentive program for our middle-market producers in the retail division that is designed to pay for incremental performance. This new annual incentive plan is an addition to our standard 40/20 plan. If a commission producer grows a book of business 5% or more organically they're paid an incremental 5% performance commission on the total book. If they grow less than 5% the incentive does not apply. We expect this program will drive increased organic growth over the coming years by focusing on customer retention and new business. Later, Andy will talk about the financial impact of this new annual plan. We're pleased with the organic growth of 5.3% for our National Programs division. During the quarter we had continued growth across many programs including our lender placed coverage program in our flood business. The flood performance was positively impacted by approximately $3 million of incremental year-over-year claims revenue associate with the Louisiana and Mississippi flood and Hurricane Matthew. Over the past two quarters we've mentioned that we were anticipating a couple of program changes with our carrier partners which is due to a change in their risk appetite. Several of these changes commenced in the fourth quarter and impacted our growth rates negatively in programs about 1.5%. Now that the plans are solidified with the new carriers, we have a clear view on the impact for 2017. When we went through carrier changes in the past, it normally disrupts retention and new business during the transition year. As a result, we estimate the change of carriers will result in decreased revenues in 2017 of approximately $5 million to $7 million in national programs versus 2016. Our wholesale business grew organically by 2.9% for the quarter. This is a good performance given the continued rate decline for coastal properties in the range of 5% to 20%. With minimal weather-related insured losses in 2016, we expect continued downward pressure in 2017. We're also pleased with the performance of our Morstan business that we acquired in the second quarter as it's outperforming our expectations so far. The services division experienced good organic growth for the quarter at 6.2%. This growth was driven primarily by storm claim activity in addition to new customers. In summary, we're very pleased with the performance of our divisions for the fourth quarter and the full-year. Now let me turn it over to Andy who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell, and good morning everyone. I'll over on Slide number seven, which presents our GAAP reported results. For the fourth quarter we delivered total revenue growth of 7.1% and organic growth 3.5%. Our income before income taxes and EBITDAC margins declined versus the prior year due to certain credits in the prior year and the change in acquisition earn-outs. On the next page, we're going to isolate these changes to give a better indication of underlying performance. For the quarter, our net income was down slightly and our earnings per share was flat at $0.41 versus the prior year. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 200,000 of our shares on the open market. Over on to Slide number eight. This presents our adjusted numbers after removing the impact of the one-time stock compensation pretax credit of $8.1 million that we recorded in the fourth quarter of last year 2015, along with the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables for both years. On an adjusted basis, our pretax income increased by 10.9% and as a percentage of revenues increased by 80 basis points. We grew our EBITDAC by 7.3% and our EBITDAC margin was consistent with Q4 2015 at 30.9%. The incremental storm claims revenue recognized by our flood business, which Powell mentioned earlier, positively impact our margin by about 40 basis points which offset the 40 basis point impact to our margins from the investment in technology. Later, we're going to get in little more detail on the margins for each of our segments. Our adjusted net income increased by 10.3% and diluted earnings per share of $0.42 increased by 10.5% as compared to the prior year. We experienced a 30 basis point increase in our effective tax rate to 39.3% for the fourth quarter of 2016. The effective tax rate increase was impacted by income apportionment based upon the performance in the fourth quarter. I'll move over Slide number nine. We're going to walk through the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our contingent commissions and GSCs are up about $2 million as compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. This increase is spread across our retail, programs, and wholesale divisions. We also disposed the books of business in the past 12 months which represented about $900,000 of revenue being recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015. We also recognized $14.2 million in revenue during the fourth quarter of 2016 associated with acquisitions that we completed over the last 12 months, with our largest impact coming from the Morstan acquisition in the second quarter of 2016. By isolating these four categories, our organic growth for the quarter was 3.5%. On to the next Slide, we look at our performance in each of the divisions little more detail, we're going to start with Retail. For the fourth quarter our Retail division delivered 4.2% revenue growth. The organic revenue growth for the quarter was 2.2%, which shows a continued trend of improvement. Retail's year-over-year as reported EBITDAC margin decreased by 160 basis points. However on an adjusted basis the EBITDAC margin increased 30 basis points over 2015 primarily from increased contingents realized during the fourth quarter of 2016. To arrive at our adjusted margins, 2016 was adjusted to exclude a $1.8 million pretax charge associated with the loss on disposable book of business, along with a non-recurring $3.2 million pretax credit related to non-cash stock compensation. Then the fourth quarter 2015 was adjusted to exclude the $5.5 million pretax credit adjustment for non-cash stock compensation. Our income before income taxes was down $1.2 million due to higher acquisition earn-out adjustments of $2 million year-over-year and then this was partially offset by lower intercompany interest expense. Moving to the next Slide. Our National Programs division had a good quarter and delivered 5.3% revenue improvement in total as well as organically. During the quarter, our flood business realized approximately $3 million of incremental claims revenue versus the prior year associated with weather-related events. For the quarter, income before income taxes as a percentage of revenue increased from 17.5% to 20.3% due primarily to lower intercompany interest expense charges. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 50 basis points due to a write-off of a policy administration system related to one of our programs that is switching carriers in 2017. Over on to Slide number 12; our Wholesale division delivered total revenue growth of 20.2% which was driven by our acquisitions and organic revenue growth was 2.9%. Our EBITDAC margins are 26.5% for the quarter which is a decline of 410 basis points from the prior year. This decline was driven primarily by higher continued transaction volumes and lower pricing that we've been discussing over the last few quarters as well as our acquisition in the second quarter of this year. Income from income taxes decreased for the same reasons noted for EBITDAC plus the increase in intercompany interest charges. We will move over to Slide number 13, our Services division had a good quarter and delivered total revenue growth of 12.6% and organic growth of 6.2%. The majority of the organic growth was driven by our claims offices that had strong Q4 renewals, onboarded new customers, and increased activity related to weather-related events. For the quarter, our EBITDAC margin increased by 260 basis points due to the sale of a claims processing business in 2015 and the acquisition of our higher margin business in 2016. The incremental increase in income before income taxes as a percentage of revenue was driven by lower intercompany interest expenses. On to Slide number 15, we've included our full-year results within a callout for specific items that impact comparability with the prior year. The adjusted numbers should help you with your models for 2017. Our GAAP earnings are presented in our press release and the reconciliations are included later in this deck. From a revenue perspective, we grew by $106 million or 6.4% and organically we grew by 3%. From an EBITDAC perspective, our margins decreased by 50 basis points primarily related to the continued investment in technology. Finally, our earnings per share increased to $1.86 an 8.8% increase which benefited partially from a lower share count driven by share repurchases in 2015 that flowed into our weighted average share count in 2016. For the full year, we increased our dividends by 11% marking our 22nd consecutive year of dividend increases. On the next page, we have included a full-year analysis of our revenues to help with comparability to the prior year. All right. Couple of quick comments regarding the outlook for 2017. For contingents and GSCs we don't know of any specific items that would materially increase or decrease our contingents but expect for them to remain under pressure in Wholesale and Programs due to lower premium rates and to remain steady within Retail subject to actual claims experienced. Due to the implementation of ASU 2016-09 which relates to stock-based compensation awards, we believe we're going to have volatility in our quarterly and annual effective tax rates for 2017. This new ASU requires that upon vesting of stock-based compensation, any tax implications be treated as a discrete credit to the income tax expense in the quarter of vesting. The prior treatment required that the tax implication will be treated as a reduction in additional paid-in capital. Our estimated full-year impact is a credit to income taxes of $3 million to $4 million. However based on the vesting schedules the majority of this impact will be in the first quarter of 2017 and we estimate that the impact in the first quarter will be a credit to income tax of about $2 million to $3 million. So due to the accounting policy change we estimate our first quarter rate with the discrete adjustment will be in the range of 36.5% to 37% and for the full-year will be in the range of 39% to 39.3%. Regarding technology, we anticipate margins in 2017 will be further impacted downward an incremental 35 to 40 basis points as compared to 2016, and 2017 the cost are going to be incurred about evenly in both our retail incorporate segments with some incremental spending anticipated in our wholesale segment. Earlier, Powell mentioned our new performance incentive plan for Retail. We expect this plan will deliver a slight positive impact in IGR in 2017 and the cost to implement the program will be approximately 50 basis points impact on Retail margins in 2017. Earlier we also noted that we have a couple of programs going through to carrier changes. With these transitions and taking into consideration that we have $9 million of incremental storm planned revenue in 2016 that were not projected for 2017; we expect the organic growth for National Programs to be negative 1% to 2% on an as reported basis. With the lower revenue in 2017 and the premium tax credits we recognize during 2016 which will not recur in 2017, our margins in 2017 will be approximately 300 to 350 basis points lower than 2016. We do view these items as isolated as all the other programs are performing well. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Good report. We say internally the only constant is change. 2016 was one of those years. Changes in carrier appetite impacted our National Programs. The cat property market continued downward as more alternative capital was trying to find the home. The acquisition marketplace continues to be fully priced with some sellers expectations outpacing reality. With our new President there seems to be potential changes in corporate tax rates and in the ACA arena. Finally, with some of our carrier partners there were changes in their senior leadership. This sometimes leads to change in their risk appetite. All this change creates challenges and opportunities. We believe these challenge create great opportunities for Brown & Brown. Even with all these changes we are very pleased with the results for 2016 and as we head into 2017 we are realistic and optimistic about the year ahead. With that I'll turn it back over to you Cathy for questions.
Operator: Certainly, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go first to Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, yes good morning. I was hoping to first focus on the new Retail compensation program you mentioned. Two questions there. Is the 50 basis point impact, do you expect that to be even throughout every quarter of 2017? And then when you think about this kind of reinvigorating or leading to stronger growth in the Retail segment, do you see that as a 2017 event or are you thinking this plan gets put into effect and we will see greater impact on growth in 2018?
Powell Brown: I think Elyse its Powell over. The one I think that the expense would be even across all four quarters and I do believe that it will drive incremental performance in the year of 2017. It's being it has been implemented effective January 1. So we believe it to have impact this year.
Elyse Greenspan: And then are you targeting a certain growth level I guess compared to the about 2% we saw in 2016 as you think about this program being put into effect?
Powell Brown: We are but that's secret. We don't give growth guidance I'm sorry I know that frustrates you but the answer is yes but we don't talk about it publicly.
Andy Watts: Elyse, what we would say is as we spent a lot of time with this plan and going through all the analysis which was multi-months to go through and looking making sure that we kind of evaluated all factors. We do anticipate a uptick in organic driven off two factors that Powell mentioned. And there will be an investment in the early years but then it starts to payoff over the next three to four years and we would cover everything back which is what we're looking for.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of, I appreciate all the color on the margin. When I look at the margins in the fourth quarter and the full-year kind of ex-tech spend and some of the one-time items I get about 30 to 40 basis points of deterioration in both the Q4 when I back out the non-cash comp credit and then also the full-year and then also excluding the tech spend. So when we back out the tech spend for 2017, is that kind of the level of overall margin deterioration you are looking at? I know we have now this negative impact on the program margins, but any kind of color you can give us on kind of the overall margin outlook that you see for 2017?
Andy Watts: Elyse, we would highlight two other things inside of there is one make sure you account for the loss on the sale of the book of business which is about $1.8 million. And then also we had mentioned the write-off on some software during the quarter that was about $1.2 million. So if you put those together that's why in our commentary, the non-cash stock credit of about $3 million is literally neutralized with those other two items. I think that might have been something that you were may have just missed on the way through.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Okay.
Andy Watts: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: One other question. In terms of when you think about your acquisition outlook, still kind of pointing to deals being fully priced in the market, and I know that's something you guys have been highlighting throughout 2017 -- throughout 2016, sorry. As we think about 2017 with probably a similar type of acquisition environment, do we get to a point where you take that into account compared to where your stock might be trading and you guys consider a return to potentially repurchasing more of your shares?
Powell Brown: Well Elyse let's talk about kind of how we think about capital allocation. And I think of it really in four buckets. Organic growth and margin, acquisitions, share repurchases, and having dry powder. So we think about it very long-term and so as I've said before, we constantly evaluate where we believe is the intrinsic value of our stock and compare that to where we're trading and we determine is it something that we think we should buy at that point in time. We have also been asked what happens if our stock price is fully valued and the acquisition marketplace continues to be fully priced or even goes up. And the answer to that is we stockpile cash on our balance sheet. So we constantly evaluate share repurchase as one of the investment options for the cash that we buildup. But as you know we don't have a stated amount that we're going to purchase on a quarterly basis, we're going to look at it opportunistically just like acquisitions and we're going to do it when we think it makes sense for the company.
Operator: And we move on to our next question from Quentin McMillan of KBW. And Quentin if you please check your mute function, we're unable to hear you.
Quentin McMillan: Apologies, thanks very much guys. Powell, I think that you had mentioned the flood claims revenue specifically within the quarter. I thought that Hurricane Matthew flood claims would come in a little bit higher than where they did. So I'm just wondering if you could just help us out with what the baseline, you said $7.5 million average 10-year flood claims revenue in the last quarter. What did it end up coming in at for the full-year of 2016? And was there any higher activity level from Hurricane Matthew that maybe will spill over into the first quarter?
Powell Brown: Okay. So I'm going to answer Quentin at several, several things. One, we had $9 million of incremental cat revenue in 2016, number one. Number two, as it relates to your questions which I think is a very good one, the expectation of more revenue I think is a very fair one, but what you might be surprised to know is there were a lot of people affected that did not have flood insurance. So there were areas in South Carolina and North Carolina and areas all around where you would think based on what you saw on the television that they would have national flood insurance and whatever, many of the people were not in flood claims and they did not buy flood insurance. So that was kind of how we look at it. And once again how, I think your assumption is a fair one, but those affected or some of those affected the most significantly were in areas they did not have flood insurance.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, perfect. Also another thing that's obviously topical and that you guys put in here with the ACA, I know that you don't necessarily want to make a prognostication of exactly what's going to happen, but can you talk about the early conversations you've been having with clients as it relates to just their uncertainty for how they are going to cover their own employees? And potentially does this start to benefit you on a fee-based revenue stream as opposed to just commissions or how should we be thinking about 2017 as this kind of plays out?
Powell Brown: Okay. So first off I think the discussions with our client has not dramatically changed prior to the election versus postelection of our new President. And the reason I say that is the conversation typically is focused around managing cost. Obviously some people talk about bending the cost curve and all these other things. I just make it simple, I just basically say how do you manage your cost in a thoughtful manner over the next several years it's not a one-year window. And so in doing that changes in ACA everybody is, doing a lot of speculating right now. Do we think there is going to be changes? Yes. Do we think it's going to be totally repealed? I don't know about that and that may be semantics in terms of how you define total repealed. I think the one thing that we all have to remember is there are certain taxes on Obamacare which in the event that it was changed those taxes around healthcare where we're going to make up that difference and the lawmakers in Washington I think are working on that but I don't -- I wouldn't want you to focus on commission, I'm sorry fee driven business versus commission business this year because it's purely speculative on our part. What we're trying to do is we're trying to help our clients large and small manage their total cost of health insurance and what this does, Quentin, is it creates more uncertainty which actually creates an opportunity for us to talk with our clients about options and how they can think about it and attack it going forward particularly based on whatever is the outcome of the changes.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, that's great. And just very quickly on the last one is can you just verify, you guys just said you did repurchase 200,000 shares on the open market in the fourth quarter. So thank you for the whole capital allocation strategy and your thoughts around that, but that is an indication that you were out in the market and were actively repurchasing some amount of shares in the fourth quarter.
Andy Watts: Yes, we did yeah just a little over 200,000 Quentin.
Operator: And now we'll go to a question from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. Just, first, a follow-up question on the new incentive plan for the Retail segments. I remember a couple of years ago you had a similar plan. Could you remind us like how that plan play out in terms of the impact driving organic growth? And also as timing of the new plan, what make you sort of make a decision now is the right time to accelerate that growth?
Powell Brown: Okay, so Kai if you remember it was the fall meaning Q4 of 2012 where we saw the major uptick in our organic growth which was the end of the last sales incentive. That was a one-time only incentive. So we saw the organic growth go up substantially in Q4 but in Q3 and Q1 there were -- it didn't seem to be in the normal range it might have been slightly down for whatever reason you can speculate on that. But so from a standpoint of we did have good experience with the program the last time but it was a one-time only program that's number one, one-year only in 2012. Number two, the way we thought about it is this, everything that we try to implement at Brown & Brown, as I said earlier, is got a long-term alignment with our team and our shareholders and we believe that this fosters as we said earlier customer retention and additional new business. We do a pretty dam good job of new business. And I think that we do a good job of retention too, but we can always improve. And so this is an incentive which aligns that from a producer standpoint with the corporation. So we've been thinking about this for may be the last probably six months seriously because we've talked with all of our leaders about it and it was a decision that was made after a lot of weighing and measuring and we thought it was the best for the organization and for our producer force.
Kai Pan: Yes, thank you so much for that. And then on the potential tax reform you mentioned earlier, will you expect all the benefits go to your bottom-line or you need -- you can see opportunity for re-investments? And also was that like a potential lower tax rate at least in the near-term impact any sort of expectation for the acquisitions, basically for the target they might asking for higher price?
Powell Brown: Okay. So as it relates to the first part, we think that that will be a good opportunity for us to deal with, if in fact something occurs. So the way I look at it, any additional earnings dollars that we received as a result of a tax cut would just go into the bucket that we think about how we allocated for those four things that we talked about earlier. So I wouldn't say that we're going to do more of one versus more of another. I think of it as equal consideration and then we're going to try to invest in the best options for the company, that's number one. As it relates to tax rate, I think there is two parts to think about, yes, I do think you have corporate tax rate and then you have the potential for capital gains changes as well. And as we said earlier we believe that the marketplace is fully priced and so expectations of some sellers are unrealistic and with a tax cut either in one or both, I believe that those expectations would probably go up because the bankers will facilitate that. That said, at the end of the day, remember, Kai, we are focused on looking for acquisitions that fit culturally and make sense financially. And so therefore as you've heard we've only done $55 million of acquisition for the last two years and I would tell you that I'm comfortable with that because we didn't find ones that fit culturally and made sense financially. We found a couple that fit culturally last year but financially would not have made sense and that's not our plan. So that is kind of the way we look at it.
Kai Pan: That's great. Just follow-up on the acquisition topic, last one is that you've seen increasing industry consolidation going on. You saw the large players started getting down to the middle market. Do you see increased competition? And also you see some larger potential company like from PE fund potential for sale, are you considering any sort of transformational deals?
Powell Brown: That's great, okay. So let's start with the first part. As it relates to some of the larger firms that are kind of going into the middle market, the firm I think you're referring to is Marsh and they have put together I think the number is $1.02 billion in revenue -- in middle-market revenue but it's $12 billion company. So they have their own strategy whatever that is relative to their middle-market play. The way I look at it Kai is this, number one; we don't talk about acquisitions until we announce that we have a signed document, purchase agreement, and particularly something of size. But I would make the comment that if you just look at the top 20 insurance brokers in the United States, top 20 I believe six of them are backed by private equity. So if you just think about it just very simply in the next three to five years all of those will try to be sold. Now that I don't know what their option is does that mean they go public, most of the structures at present are not set up to be a public company but they would have to change or would they be acquired either by another PE firm or by a strategic acquirer. So I would just say that we try to position ourselves to look at transactions of all sizes and shapes and we focus on trying to find one to fit culturally and make sense financially. And so whether that's something that's a little bit larger or continues to be a little bit smaller we're open to looking at all of them assuming they make sense.
Operator: And now we'll go to Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: I guess the first one on the margins, and I just want to make sure that I understood you correctly when you were giving some of the detail. Were you saying before that the outlook for 2017 is for consolidated margin pressure of 35 to 40 basis points?
Andy Watts: On the technology.
Charles Sebaski: Just on the technology piece.
Andy Watts: Yes, on the technology, Charles.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I guess within that I'd like to talk a little bit about the Wholesale division and the 400 to 410 basis points of margin contraction in the quarter. How much of that, or can you give some color on of that is this new kind of business mix of higher volume transactions versus the acquisition? I guess I'm trying to understand because it's such a significant level here in the fourth quarter if this kind of new run rate on higher transaction, how much of this is going to show up through 2017?
Powell Brown: Hi, Charles, I would say that kind of a broad statement is this probably two-thirds of the impact is volume of business and one-third is acquisition.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I do appreciate that. That's helpful.
Andy Watts: Yes, and Charles just on that one, when you guys are modeling for 2017 is keep in mind a couple of things if you would is that as we -- as you kind of look at the quarterly margins on retail, it would be probably not expect to see that level of drop every quarter going forward, once we make a lap around. Okay. So just keep that in mind when modeling it through. And then two on the Morstan acquisition that was a strategic acquisition that we did and we knew that we acquired the business at margins lower than our average but with the expectation that they will come up over the coming years. We mentioned it's performing really well. We're very pleased with it. So again over time we'll continue to -- excuse me get lifting our margin as Morstan continues to improve.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then I guess on the new compensation program and, obviously, when you did the one-time deal back in 2012 there was a significant kind of fourth quarter to boost as you picked up. I guess I'm still just trying to understand a little bit more clearly, like is it just for the margin hit? Like I guess why the success you saw with the kind of 5% maybe it's back weighted. But improved organic growth back in 2012 but why the reversal are now coming back around. Like what is it just market opportunity or it seems like this has the opportunity to have organic growth 100 or 200 basis points higher for you guys. And I don't know if it's just a risk weighting on versus margin dilution on how you are thinking about that on the organic growth versus margin pressure within the Retail segment on this compensation program.
Powell Brown: So Charles, we implemented our current plan of 40/20 in 1982. And what we have always tried to do is sent producers to write lots of new business and retain the business that they have. And once when we started evaluating it and talking to other folks internally we thought that over time that this would be a positive to the company over the next several years. That said there's a going to be some more expense in year one that we won't overcome all of that expense and we understand that. So, as Andy said earlier this is something that we thought a lot about and we, I know you know this, but we don't make rash decisions. We think about how we can do this over the long-term and so remember the goal is to be even better at retaining our existing customers and writing more new business and we believe that this plan captures both.
Charles Sebaski: All right. And then just finally on the share repurchase that 200,000 shares in the quarter, I know traditionally you guys do your capital management on an ASR basis. Was this kind of just offsetting some stock comp or something or is there a change in philosophy versus open market practices versus ASRs kind of going forward?
Andy Watts: No, Charles, no change in the philosophy. We had utilized both of the approaches in the past. In early 2014 we did open-market and then you after that time we do a lot of ASRs. In the fourth quarter of this year we just saw an opportunity to pick up some shares in the open-market and decided to go ahead and do that. I think we'll kind to continue to look all the different ways that are out there in order to hopefully run the most efficient and effective plan that we can from purchasing back the shares as well as doing in a cost effective manner.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. I appreciate the answers. Thanks a lot guys.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will now go to Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Powell Brown: Yes. Good morning.
Adam Klauber: Great. A couple of different questions. Number one, in the Retail business how is exposure growth now compared to six months ago and 12 months ago? Is it equal? Is it getting better?
Powell Brown: So I think it depends on the part of the country and the line of business. If you talk about Florida and construction I think that there's a lot of construction and a lot of improvement in construction today and I think it's even better today than it was six months ago. But that's not universal across the board. So I think it's hard to say categorically well they're up 10% or 5%. I would not say that. I would say it's very geographically -- it's geographic specific or geographic specific I should say.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thanks. And then in the Wholesale business how are submissions running in the fourth quarter compared to year ago?
Powell Brown: They're equal to or up.
Adam Klauber: Okay.
Andy Watts: Adam, that's where we talked about volumes in the business, so, we're seeing a lot of submissions coming into us.
Adam Klauber: And what's driving that. Is that more internal your sales effort or is that a reflection of the market or both?
Powell Brown: I think it's a combination of both. Let's back up and I don't remember the exact numbers Adam off the top of my head. But if you go back let's say 20 years ago and you say what portion of the market was non-admitted, let's say it was single-digits, low-single-digits. And today that number I think is somewhere just in the low-teens, and so there's been some significant obviously growth in the non-admitted marketplace. So the combination of our brokers and production underwriters out soliciting business because we have products which will help retailers not only write new business but retain their existing account. And number two the fact that the E&S market as we've talked about continues to try to evolve and not only show their relevance but grow and it's -- that's also impacted by this entrance of additional alternative capital. So it's coming into areas where they think there are high margin opportunities and in some cases there are unless there is a storm.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. Then in the Retail business you mentioned some potential pressures next year, additional tech spend and then you have the incentive program. On the other hand, if growth, if organic growth does pick up, can you get some margin leverage from that to offset some of those pressures?
Andy Watts: So when the guidance we gave on the 50 basis points Adam that was a blended based upon the incremental organic. Lot depends upon how the program runs out. We've run a lot of different scenarios. But we think that's probably reasonable for what we know right now.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. And then final question Florida homeowners, which I realize isn't huge but you have some of that business. Is the competitive nature of that market impacting your growth?
Powell Brown: I'm sorry can you -- I didn't -- we couldn't hear the first part.
Adam Klauber: Sorry about that. Florida homeowners market continued to be pretty competitive is that impacting you?
Powell Brown: Yes. So let's talk about that. We have Florida homeowners so you could have a negative potential impact in certain areas in Retail, you can have a positive impact in Wholesale, or in Programs. But it's all about product and do you have, what you have available and there are different segments of that more main street business versus the high net worth or mass affluent marketplace. So I think the answers are slightly different for each one of those areas. But it continues to be a very unique place to do business particularly for the main street homeowners business around the state.
Operator: And now we'll go to Ken Billingsley of Compass Point.
Ken Billingsley: Good morning. I had a question from a tax standpoint, and I'm connecting a few things that you said across the call and trying to pull it together. If we talk about tax reform in general and then looking at your customers, and then I also want to bring ACA into it, you said that your customers are hiring, more employee headcount is increasing. But from an opportunity to expand their insurance program if they had, if the tax reform comes through and they have more earnings dollars for themselves, are they underinsured still at this level? Is there a need to increase coverage or would it be an additional coverage is trying to sell new products?
Powell Brown: Think of it, Ken, think of it as if they and this if an, if, if they leave the money in the business and invest i.e. to expand the business then the exposure units go up which in turn our revenue and that relationship would grow. So if think about it let's say that you had a contractor and that contractor bought three new trucks. So the three new trucks go on to the policy and let's assume that they were able to get two new projects so their payroll which is going to be their exposure units are going to up because of those projects which is where they're going to use those three trucks that's good for them and that's good for us.
Ken Billingsley: Absolutely. And do you -- and the current customer base as it sits now a number of years ago probably people would have thought maybe they were underinsured maybe a decade ago. But as we sit today, would you say that most of your customers are well insured or fully insured or are some still underinsured in certain pockets?
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that's really hard to tell and what I mean by that is we're in the solutions business and we present solutions and options to our clients and try to help them make the best decisions to cover their assets. Having said that, you know they can choose not to buy client coverage but it might be on an outlying, on two or three accounts. I don't -- I think if you pressed me I would say they're adequately insured as the whole. There are always scenarios where you want to talk to your clients about changes in their business and/or appetite, what they're thinking about risk appetite and you may sell additional lines of coverage or you have a different plan design, you go from a fully insured product to a deductible product of some sort on property and casualty. And they're retaining more risk. So I think I would just say that they are adequately insured.
Ken Billingsley: Okay and the last question I have, and this may be making a bit of a reach of a connection, is if there is the change in healthcare in your conversations you've had so far with corporations, do they feel obliged to make sure that there is a health product that may have been expanded in the recent years than may be what was there five or six years ago? So any savings from a tax reform some of that maybe they may feel obligated to plow that back into their business for their employees?
Powell Brown: I think our clients those that we have spoken to feel like it's a competitive advantage to have is a broad statement, a competitive advantage to have a competitive health plan and so it depends on the industry, it depends on what is normally offered versus not offered. So if we're talking about Technology Company, their health plan design and expectation is probably much different than general contractor. It is much different. And so I think though generally speaking business owners feel like health insurance is something that they want to provide, they feel they have to provide it, they also think it is either competitive advantage or a disadvantage, a substantial disadvantage if they don't have it.
Operator: And with that, it does appear we have no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cathy and thank you all for your time today and we look forward to talking to you at the end of our Q1. Good day.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And with that ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We would like to thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Quentin McMillan - KBW Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Ken Billingsley - Compass Point Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. 2016 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during the call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those related to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter of 2016 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statement made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors including the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter of 2016 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from the time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention and obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. And with this said, I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Ron, and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our third quarter 2016 earnings call. For the quarter, we delivered $462.3 million of revenue, growing 7% in total and 4.3% organically. Once again we realized organic growth in each of our four divisions with improvement seen in most of the divisions compared to the first half of the year. We'll discuss the drivers of this improvement in detail later in the presentation. For the quarter, we experienced a slight decrease in our EBITDAC margin compared to the prior year, which was primarily driven by lower contingents and GSCs, along with our continued investment in technology. Our earnings per share for the quarter increased 6.4% over the third quarter of 2015 to $0.50 a share. Excluding the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, earnings per share increased 10.6% to $0.52 on an adjusted basis. Andy will provide more detail about our financial performance in a few moments. Overall, we're very pleased with the top and bottom-line results for the quarter and the incremental improvement that was seen over the last few quarters. We like to thank all of our teammates for their contributions to these positive results. During the quarter, we saw modest growth I exposure units as a result of continued improvement in the economy and even though this trend was not seen across all geographies or industries. Catastrophic property rates for the quarter were down 5% to 20%. We think coastal property rates will not change in a material way as a result of Hurricane Matthew. Buyers of insurance will look very closely at hurricane deductibles, flood coverage and excess flood coverage in the future. We're also seeing non-admitted carriers offering admitted paper options in certain coastal areas. In the admitted market, rates are generally -- rates generally remain consistent with previous quarters as they are flat to down 5%. The exception to this is commercial auto, where rates are flat to up 5%. Professional liability rates are flat with the exception of some lines which were up slightly. While the continued increase in overall exposure units has helped offset some of the rate decreases, we do expect rate pressure to continue for the remainder of the year and into 2017. From a retail perspective, we had another good quarter and delivered 2.8% organic growth. We continue to see a positive trend in the last several quarters. Many of you might be wondering what the impact will be of the recent approval by the Florida Department of Insurance regarding worker's compensation rate. The approved increase of 14.5% is effective December 1st of this year for all new policies and upon renewal for all existing policies. The impact will be immaterial this year and we estimate for 2007 [ph] to be in the range of $1.5 million to $2 million. We're pleased with our performance within national programs; it delivered organic growth of 7%. During the quarter, we had continued growth in forward momentum across many programs specifically our lender placed coverage program and Wright Flood business. In regard to Wright Flood, as of now, it's too early to quantify what the claims revenue we may recognize from Hurricane Matthew will be in Q4. While we have a number of programs performing well, we have a number of programs that continue to face material headwinds such as our property and auto programs that are being impacted by declines in pricing or changes in risk barrier appetite or a combination of both as we discussed last quarter. We expect these headwinds to have an impact on our growth rate for national programs in the fourth quarter of this. Our wholesale business also had a good quarter delivering organic growth of 6.7%, driven by new business, which was tempered by the continued rate pressure in catastrophic probably rates. As we mentioned before, cat property rates are down 5% to 20% and we expect rate pressure to continue for the remainder of the year. For our services division, one of our claims TPA businesses and our Social Security advocacy claims business performed well during the quarter. In summary, we're pleased with the performance of our businesses and view the third quarter as a good quarter both financially and operationally. Now, let me turn it over to Andy who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning everybody. I'm over on slide six, which presents our GAAP reported results. For the third quarter, we delivered 7% revenue growth and an organic growth rate of 4.3%. Our pretax income grew by 3.5%. As a percentage of revenues, our pretax income decreased by 80 basis points, primarily due to a change in estimated acquisition earn-outs. I'll talk more about this in a few minutes. From an EBITDAC performance perspective, which we define as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization, and the change in acquisition earn-outs, our EBITDAC margin decreased 90 basis points to 34% when compared to the prior year. Our EBITDAC margin was impacted by lower contingent commissions and GSCs recognized this quarter versus the prior year, which had about 40 basis point impact. Also during the quarter, we realized about 30 basis point impact associated with our technology investment programs. As a result, we're projecting the impact of our technology investments for the fourth quarter to be in the range of 30 to 40 basis points. We estimate the impact for 2017 to be in the range of 35 to 50 basis points. Our net income improved by 5.8% as compared to the prior year and is slightly higher than pretax growth due to a modest decrease in our effective tax rate to 38.8% this quarter versus 40.2% last year. The decrease to our effective the tax rate is primarily being driven by several permanent tax differences and the apportionment of taxable income to the state in which we operate. As of now, we see 39.2% to 39.4% as a good estimate for the full year effective tax rate Our earnings per share for the quarter increased over the prior year by 6.4%. This increase is slightly less than the revenue growth of 7% and the difference was primarily driven by the change in estimated acquisition earn-outs. Moving over to slide 7%, this represents the reconciliation of our GAAP reported results to our adjusted results, which exclude the impact of acquisition earn-out payables. For the quarter, we recognized an incremental $3.1 million of expense versus the prior year. On this adjusted basis, our pretax income grew 6.2%, net income grew by 8.6%, and our earnings per share grew 10.6% to $0.52 per share, partially driven by our share repurchases during the last year and our slightly lower effective tax rate. Moving over to slide, we're going to walk through the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our contingent commissions and GSCs are down about $3.3 million as compared to the third quarter of the prior year. The decrease in contingents is primarily in our wholesale brokerage segment and is driven by increased loss ratios. We continue to expect contingent commissions to decrease in the fourth quarter as they will be impacted by lower written premium by our coastal property programs. We also disposed businesses or books of business in the past 12 months, which represented $2.1 million of revenue in the third quarter of last year. Please ensure that you make these reductions in your updated models. For the third quarter, we also recognized $17.3 million in revenue associated with acquisitions completed over the last 12 months. By removing these four categories, our organic revenue growth was 4.3% for the quarter. If we move over to slide number nine, when we look at our performance of each of the divisions in a bit more detail and we're going to start with retail. For the quarter, our retail division delivered 5.7% revenue growth with organic revenue growth of 2.8%. During the quarter, approximately 80 basis points of the 280 basis points of organic growth was driven by timing items related to revenue from previous quarters. Again, please keep this in mind when updating your models. For the quarter, retails margins increased by 30 basis points, primarily driven by an increase in contingents and GSCs. Moving over to slide number 10, for the quarter, total revenues for our national programs division increased by 5.6% in total and 7% on an organic basis. During the quarter, Wright Flood realized approximately $4 million of incremental revenue versus the prior year associated with weather-related events. As a reminder when we acquire Wright, we said that the 10-year average for the claims revenue from weather-related event was approximately $7.5 million. In 2014 and 2015, we recognized significantly less than then average. But appears in 2016, we'll be closer to that average. For the quarter, income before income taxes as a percentage of revenue increased by 450 basis points and our EBITDAC margin increased by 140 basis points. Our income before income taxes was driven by lower intercompany interest expense charges. Both income before income taxes and EBITDAC benefited from increased claims processing revenue from weather-related events, performance of certain of our programs, and was partially offset by lower contingent and GSCs. On slide 11, the wholesale division had another good quarter reporting total revenue growth of 14.3%, driven by the Morstan acquisition and delivered organic revenue growth of 6.7%. Our EBITDAC margins were 36.8%, which is a decline of 470 basis points from the prior year, which was driven primarily by lower contingents and GSCs. The margins related to Morstan and then higher continue transaction volumes that we discussed in the previous quarter. These latter two items will more than likely impact our margins during the next few quarters. The reduction in contingents and GSCs from the prior year was approximately $3.6 million. Over to slide number 12, our services division delivered total revenue growth of 4.2% and organic revenue growth of 1.6% for the quarter, with the difference driven by the SSAD acquisition that we completed in the first quarter of this year. For the quarter, our EBITDAC margin decreased by 120 point basis points, primarily related to the revenue mix within the division. As we've seen in and commented in previous quarters, the quarter-over-quarter margin can be a bit choppy based upon the growth in specific businesses. With that let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, and great report. I'd like to take a couple of minutes to discuss Hurricane Matthew and its effects on Florida and specifically our area here in Volusia County. First and foremost, none of our team mates at Brown & Brown or their family were injured. Those are in offices from West Palm Beach, Florida, all the way up into the Carolinas, number one. Two, there's lots of home owner's claims and some of those will not meet their deductibles, i.e. a hurricane deducible, might be higher than a flat deductible and it's usually percentage of the coverage A. Here in Volusia County, we had 90-an hour winds and the eye of the storm passed 30 miles east of us. And with that little wiggle of whatever you want to call it to the right, it made a big difference in potential damages here in the Daytona Beach area. What you would see if you were here, we have lots of dock damage, pooling closures, roofs, particularly roofs on condominiums and there has been lots of water damage, particularly north of us. That's Flagler Beach, St. Augustine, Jacksonville, up into Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. I drove last night up in the Flagler and there are two areas of A1A which are closed due to the erosion, the ocean washed under A1A and took out parts of the road and many of you may have seen on that television. 1947 was the last time something like this occurred here in Volusia County and I get that information from a source that was here that was my father. He was 10 year's old at the time. The bottom-line on the storm is it is the worst in the history of Volusia County, but not nearly bad as it could have been if the eye had come on onshore. In addition, in areas north of here, as I referenced the damage was much worse and our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected citizens in those affected areas. On a lighter note, and in closing, we're pleased with the quarter. And the outlook for the near to intermediate term is good. We believe Hurricane Matthew will have limited impact on rates, if any. There will be more discussions around flood and wind deductibles, rate for cat property continued downward affecting retail, wholesale, and national programs, and that will continue into Q4 and into 2017. We continue to look for acquisitions and the state of the market is similar to last quarter what we would call fully priced. With that, Ron, I'll turn it back over to you to open it up for question.
Kai Pan: Good morning and thank you. Glad to hear everything is okay with you guys. So, I just follow-on on the Hurricane Matthew, you said will not impact pricing going forward, but we do see like your estimates of pricing impact has been sort like slowing down a bit, because a couple of quarters ago was down 15% to 25% like last quarter like down 10% to 25% now is 5% to 20%. I just wonder after multi years of significant decline, even without the storm like this, is that is the pricing reaching of a floor? And I just wonder how will that impact or less tailwinds -- lesser headwind for you guys going forward?
Powell Brown: Yes, Kai, good morning and I think that's a good pick-up on your part. Number one, I would tell you that that moderate reduction in downward pricing was occurring obviously pre-storm, because it was Q3 and the storm was on 7th of October. That's number one. Number two, it's difficult to have four and five years of downward pressure going down 15% to 25% every quarter. So, I would tell you I don't think that it is something that I would -- I still -- I would not react overly to that pick-up on your part yet. And the reason I say that is because there is still a lot of interest in the coastal property marketplace and there's lots of capital out there wanting get in or be put into play. And so I still think there's going to be plenty of downward pressure on rates. Don't have to like it, but I'm just saying thing I think that it's going to continue. Will it moderate a little bit? Yes, it may, but it's still going to be downward pressure.
Kai Pan: Just on that, can you quantify like the 15% to 25% pricing, how much that is a drag on your organic growth in the past?
Powell Brown: Well, we haven't said what that relates to in aggregate, meaning this coastal property rate decreases relates to this amount. What we have said and were consistent by saying is rate overall impact our business and organic growth somewhere between one-quarter and one-third and the remainder of the impact is exposure unit driven.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's good. And then switching to -- on the margin side, it looks like the margin is mainly dragged by low contingents and also the technology investment in the quarter, because in normal situation if you have like 4% organic growth, we would expect some margin expansion. I just wonder how those sort of lower contingent or technology investments in the near-term would sort of muted that potential margin expansion?
Powell Brown: In the contingents and specifically wholesale, we were down $3.6 million. So, that in and of itself is -- like I said, there's that profitable to our bottom-line. And then I'll let Andy talk about the technology investments, but I think that your assessment is correct. All things considered, but once again, contingents are variable based upon the performance of business and our business didnt perform as well for the insurance company, so therefore, we paid slightly lower right.
Andy Watts: Yes, Kai, we didnt get into kind of all of the individual moving parts inside of there, but you also probably want to keep in mind while we called out the contingents and technology, but we've also got impact of flood, we got Morstan, we got a bunch of moving parts back and forth, but underlying business did really well on margins for the quarter. So, that's -- we're pleased with where we turned out.
Kai Pan: Okay. How many more quarters like those could drag on in terms of you mentioned these new acquisitions as well as the recent hiring to deal with the higher volume in the wholesales?
Andy Watts: Yes, so what we said in our comments is we think it's going to at least be for the next few quarters. Not sure on the transactions, that really that depends upon what happens with continued new business flow as well as pricing. That one we'll have to just monitor as we go forward. And then as we commented back at second quarter after we completed the acquisition of Morstan in Q1, -- excuse me, in the second quarter, we said that we would over time that margin up. That will probably take a number of quarters if not maybe a few years to get there, so that will be a drag. But the business itself is performing really well top and bottom-line, so we're pleased with it.
Kai Pan: Thank you very much for all of the answers.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. First on the tech spend, so it seems like this year most of the quarters the investment and the hit to margins has been coming lower than how you set out at the start of the year. Just any changes on the spending that you are seeing or it is just the impact that flowing through into your margins? And then could you -- is the 35 to 50 basis point impact for 2017 unchanged?
Andy Watts: Correct. So, let me go back just to make sure we reset on everything. So, when we started the year, we said about 40 to 50 basis points was our estimate. Then we updated kind of midyear and said 30 to 40, and then for the -- so this quarter, we're about 30 basis points, fourth quarter, we think we'll be around 30 to 40 -- probably one of the lower end of the range. The underlying programs themselves are, in fact, picking up momentum. We went live with our new financial management reporting system in the third quarter and then full live with all of the offices in the fourth quarter. So, again, that's kind of kicking up the expenses on. And as it relates to 2017, the 35 to 50 would be off of 2016 and okay Elyse?
Elyse Greenspan: Okay.
Andy Watts: So, our original estimate of 35 to 60 versus our starting point in 2015 does not change, we're still holding on that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of just some of the margin commentary putting it all together, so if we exclude the tech spend from the Q3, your margins would have contracted by about 60 basis points. So, if you assume in the fourth quarter that the tech spend comes in at that low-end, so another 30 basis points let's say, would you expect putting everything together that your margins would contract by most likely the same level that we saw in the third quarter, about 60 basis points ex the tech spend?
Powell Brown: We don't know the answer to that because of the contingents, right. That will be the wildcard. We're expecting that contingents will be down in the fourth quarter based upon at least the indications that we're getting from some of the carriers. And as I think we've mentioned a couple times, there at least signaling that they think they can be down materially, we don't know exactly what material means, so that that will be ultimately kind of the driver of the margin in the fourth quarter depending on how much they move.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then I guess another potential would be how much business you would get from the NFP following on Matthew that could benefit Q4?
Powell Brown: Correct.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of I know you, Powell, pointed to the market being fully priced in terms of acquisitions. We have seen you guys share repurchase activity pretty light for the past few quarters. I know you guys have historically used ASRs in terms of share repurchase. But any views in terms of getting back into the market to buyback more of your stock considering if there is kind of no change in pricing outlook on the deal front and we continue to see light acquisition activity?
Powell Brown: Well, the answer is similar, at least, to how it's commented in the past. We talked to our Board pretty much every Board meeting about how we view stock price and should we consider buying stock or not. We look at that as an investment options. But I think the underlying question that you're asking is if, in fact, you don't do as many acquisitions in the near-term, are you going to go buy stock back at the option? And the answer is not necessarily. So, my answer to the group is we don't have a problem and if somebody is going to be critical, they can be critical of me, which is fine, for stockpiling cash on the balance sheet. That is not the intent, but I'm saying if we have to do that we will do that, so we can invest it at the right time, on the right businesses to grow our business going forward. So, I know you want to be able to figure out, yes, we're not going buyback X amount and we're not going to do that Elyse. I know that's frustrating for you, but it's -- we're going to evaluate it and when we think the stock price makes sense to buyback, we'll buy some of it back.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Elyse.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Quentin McMillan from KBW.
Quentin McMillan: Good morning, Powell, Andy. Thanks very much. Just touching back on the margins one more time, the 35 to 50 basis points in 2017 seems obviously like its little bit better from the 35 to 60 that you had had previously. I know that you guys have said that longer term you are expecting to return to that 33% to 35% long-term margin and you don't want to give a timeframe. But my question is just the longer term in 2018, are you -- is the expectation that the IT spend will be done in 2017? And that we should see some sort of a margin inflection just from the IT spending rolling off in 2018? So, margins should get better even if they don't get to that 33% to 35% level? Is that the expectation now?
Andy Watts: Good morning Quentin. Let me see if I can clarify the first piece on it. So, you said 35% to 50%, hey that's better than your original range. What I said earlier was 35% to 50% was off of the 2016 margins. We're holding with our original range 35% to 60% versus our starting point in 2015 -- off of 2015, okay. So, the range is still right in there. When we said this would be a two to three-year program, so no, it would be not be completed in 2017, it will definitely go into 2018. And as we talked about during our yearend results last year is we said when we get to the backend of the program that we'll be able to recover any diminution in our margins whatever that is inside of that 35% to 60% and then we'll get a slight uptick on the backend.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, great. Thank you for the clarification there. And then secondly, on Wright Flood, we talked about Matthew, but could you talk about any impact that you might have seen in claims handling activity or just otherwise from the Louisiana floods in the third quarter? And then secondly, with Wright Flood, I think there's a little bit of confusion still within the market. Obviously, you guys sold Colonial Claims, but how much benefit that you guys get in particular from claims handling from Wright Flood as opposed to the uptake from the National Flood Insurance Program and kind of how that business flows through would be really helpful.
Andy Watts: Okay. In our comments, mentioned that we picked up about $4 million of claims processing revenue year-over-year within Wright Flood. The majority of that was associated with the storms down in Louisiana, not exclusively, but majority was from there. What we can tell you is it was less than 6,000 claims that we got in Louisiana for reference point when we went through Hurricane Sandy back in 2012. That was over 20,000, so again, we just trying to give you guys an idea of the volume of what's out there. A lot of this is covered in the press, but that doesn't always mean one that how it's being covered represents who has policies. And I think that was indicative when we had the storms last year up in the Carolinas. So, we always try to manage our way through on the message in and that's what really Powell was saying earlier as relation to the fourth quarter. It really depends upon who has coverage and exactly what claims are going to be.
Powell Brown: And Quentin I want to add one thing. Remember we havent seen or given any guidance and we won't relative to potential uptake if you want to call that. So, remember the thing that's challenged and I believe this is the case in some areas in the Carolinas; there is damage in areas that are not flood zones. And so those people may or may not own flood coverage. The vast majority probably don't. So, when you hear losses or projected loss on a national news station, those maybe losses, but they may not be insured losses.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, great. Sorry, just to follow-up quickly on that, the 6,000 claims from Louisiana floods, Hurricane Sandy 20,000 claims. Just to put some perspective on it for the organic growth, in national programs you did a seven this quarter. What would that have been without that increase in claims activity or how much of that was attributable to the 4 million in Louisiana claims?
Andy Watts: It's not. Yes, well, I mean you can do the quick estimate on the top-end the 4 million, you can do that calculation. It would represent probably about 40% of the gross -- so the actual underlying business did -- still did well.
Quentin McMillan: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Good morning, everyone.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Josh Shanker: So, I just want to follow-up a little bit on Elyse's question about buybacks versus we're not afraid to hold cash on the balance sheet. Can you give us an idea of what is the value of holding cash on the balance sheet? And how uncomfortable are you trusting the market that if you really found a great deal out there and you didn't have the cash that the market would not let the financing be available for you to do it?
Powell Brown: Okay. Well, let me take the second part first. We -- number one; have worked as you know really hard to build a balance sheet that we're very proud of. And we believe that that balance sheet allows the optimal flexibility and optionality in making investments in businesses. So, in our opinion, we think we could do whatever acquisition it is that we want to do with the balance sheet that we currently have. That's the first thing. The second thing is I don't want you to think, Josh that that is our desire to have cash build-up on the balance sheet and what I'm saying is we look at all of our investment options as we've talked about that hiring new teammates that's acquiring businesses or returning it to shareholders of which we do through share repurchases periodically or dividend increases. And we have just increased our dividend for the 23rd year in a row, Andy. And so I -- when I say that I'm not trying to make you nervous per se, but I do want everybody to understand that we don't have a feeling that we have to go -- the money that is our balance sheet is burning a hole in our pocket and we need to go out and do something that on a short-term basis that would not be best long-term. That's the way we look at it.
Andy Watts: And I'd probably add to that Josh is when we put together our new series A and the credit or the accordion underneath of there that gave us access to a $100 million and our goal when we put that together was to give capital to our organization that we can access when and if we needed at the right time. So, combination the cash that we generate each year was on our balance sheet and that revolver that's out there, we've got a lot of flexibility at this the stage when and if it ever comes to us as an opportunity. Everything that we see in the market right now and all trends, don't give any indication that there's going to be any lockdown on availability of capital to a company with our balance sheet capabilities, but you never know. So, -- but we think we got plenty of flexibility.
Josh Shanker: I think that's right and so I know it's my job to determine whether your stock is cheap or not, but when you say that we don't think our stock is attractive for returning capital to shareholders right now, attractive versus the alternative of maintaining flexibility -- I mean I'm trying to figure out what the other side of the balance is that how deeply you are weighing that?
Powell Brown: So, let me -- the way we look at it is we evaluate what we think the intrinsic value of the stock is. We then talk to the Board and we figure out if we think its the right investment at the time. That's -- I mean I'm not trying to oversimplify it, but that's how we do it. And so you're going make your own determinations based on statements you just made about us buying stock or not buying stock or wanting to buy it or not buy it in the future. We're not going to comment on that. What we're basically saying is that's how we analyze that as an option. And we talked to our Board on a quarterly basis about it.
Josh Shanker: Understood. And then on wholesale, obviously so there is a little drag maybe two quarters going out on less contingents, less GSCs that's going to hurt margins on the wholesale. Has something structural changed in your wholesale business that the commissions you're earning on that business are less capable of being supplemented by contingents and GSCs?
Powell Brown: No. But here's the way I think it's important to -- I want to give you a visual which is a non-insurance visual. If you worked at a burger joint, and you're cooking burgers on a grill and you're flipping burgers envision in order to get back to flat, meaning the same revenue that you had last night, tonight, you got to put an extra 15 burgers on the grill and cook them. So, you're flipping more burgers for the same amount of revenue when the rates are going down, like they have in coastal property and that's seen both in brokerage and binding authority. So, fundamentally you could look at it several ways. You could say losses number one are random, but in a large subset of numbers, there are some predictability in numbers. The flipside of that is you could say as rates continue to go down, the traditional losses that occur in a large book will actually be a higher loss ratio because your premium volume comes down. And it could be a combination there of, but just think about it as you got to flip more burgers and when Andy talked about having more transactions, that's the burger concept. We're doing more transactions to stay flat and then to grow forward, you got to even more. So, that's not new. I don't want to give you the impression that like this is an epiphany and we're just coming to -- it happens in every market cycle like this. We understand that, but we just want you to know we're flipping a lot of burgers.
Andy Watts: Yes, Josh, what we view is a really good thing. That tell us we got a lot of business coming into the organization. We can't control pricing, but we can control hopefully the amount of business that we get in and we retain.
Josh Shanker: So, would I think that contingents will be depressed until rates improve? Is that a takeaway?
Powell Brown: I don't think I would certainly say that. You could come to that conclusion, but I would not actually encourage you to think that way. I think that there's a component, you got to remember when a building burns, a building burns. And then you have a storm, which is unpredictable and let's say you have lots of damage, million dollars roof claims, like we see in some of the places here and up the coast. That's unpredictable, but you're going to have a certain amount of property damage in a year where inevitably there's going to be a fire in somebody's apartment, complex. There's going to be a couple of things. And so, I don't know if I go that far but I think you could. 
Andy Watts: And with all comments we've been making Josh, about continued downed pressure on continents, we would expect that to happen. We don't know definitively because if you step back and say if rates have been down for a number of renewal cycles, then the overall returns for the risk-barrier have absolutely contracted. We continue to drive off of profitability and so as well as obviously loss experience inside of their. So, that's why we're seeing shrink down, cycle that we go through.
Josh Shanker: That makes sense and I realize I've asked a bunch of questions but we still have 20 minutes left. There might not be too many questioners. Can you just talk about deal pipeline versus prices in the markets and whether or not A, there's a lot of deals, but B, they are not attractive at these prices and what is the relationship between the two?
Powell Brown: I think that when you talk about it, I think that there's a normal amount of deals that are occurring out there and in terms of pipeline because we're talking to people all the time. I do think that even the business broker themselves; the people trying to sell these agencies recognize that this pricing level is not in perpetuity. They acknowledge that is that at a high and is not sustainable over a long period of time. And so like I said we're looking for businesses that fit culturally, that make sense financially. And we haven't -- we've done $52 million of annualized acquisition revenue this year. Last year, as you know, we did about $56 million. And then the three years prior to that, it was north of 100. Each of those three years, we had one larger transaction in each of those years. And so we continue to look and talk with lots of people. And I have no doubt that there will be -- there will continue to be opportunities that come along. And as Andy said earlier, we have worked hard to put our balance sheet in a position where we want be able to have the option to look at those that come along, because we think that there will be a lot you know in the next several years and we're looking forward to it.
Josh Shanker: Well, thank you for giving me so much time on the phone and good luck.
Powell Brown: Absolutely Josh. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Billingsley from Compass Point. Please go ahead caller.
Ken Billingsley: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just want to follow-in on a couple of questions that have already been asked. One, just on the earn-out expectations and the impact this quarter and last quarter which were fairly similar, can you just kind of how that relates to your commentary regarding exposure to units, improvements, the pricing in the market outside of coastal being flat and the contingent pressures? Kind of how do those things relate to what you are seeing with changes regarding earn-out payables?
Powell Brown: Yes, I think the way I would look at it is, think of it these are all different types of businesses and those businesses in their general market area are performing really well, that means they are renewing a lot of their existing clients, high retention factors and they are writing a lot of new business. So, although, you could have one of those things that you just described, i.e. rate pressure if they wrote coastal property, or you can have lower contingent, the core business, meaning the client first comment that we talk about, continues to expand. They are writing more clients and retaining their existing clients and as a result of that, they are doing better on their earn-outs. So, it's funny when you have a change in acquisition earn-out payable and it is -- we look at it as positive. It goes up that means the underlying business is doing better and as, from a GAAP standpoint, you cannot book -- and we wouldnt, but you can't book the maximum because you don't know if they are going to hit the maximum. And so we have to book o to what we think is best estimate at the time and then if they do better, we adjust it up. We view that as a positive.
Ken Billingsley: I agree and that gets to my next question when you talk about M&A and being competitive. I'm seeing that at least and I know two quarters doesn't make a trend, but does this allow for you guys a little bit more flexibility when you are looking at some M&A and trying to compete with others that are willing to open up the pocketbook a little bit more for these transactions because you are able to help them drive better margins, better revenues, better retentions?
Powell Brown: Well, I think the answer to question is -- simply put, I know we say that fit culturally and makes them financially and the comment that you made we said in the second bucket. And there are things that sometime when people join us that we can do to help them enable them to get on their way to achieving whatever their earn-out is and hopefully, they get to their maximum. So, we want that and they want that. But I don't want to give the impression that there's something that so-called is exchanging in the last quarter or the last two quarters that would make us think differently about our acquisitions. We think the same way today as we did six and nine months ago. The most important thing is we're looking for good leaders that run good businesses and when you get the head and the heart of the leader, they deliver their team. That's what we've always talked about. If you one or the other -- if you get the head and not the heart or the heart and not the heart, then it still is not going to necessarily be a bad acquisition, but if you get neither, its not be a good acquisition.
Ken Billingsley: Great. And then I want to move on to a different question on coastal property and I know this is only one piece of everything you're doing but in the past, competition has tended to generate higher broker commissions and incentives as they attempt to get market share. Is there anything different this time around? And I'm just looking at your commentary through your PowerPoint that discuss coastal property specifically, your commentary about contingents being down. Are people trying to be more competitive to grab market share with commissions or is that unchanged?
Powell Brown: Yes, I would say that the commission environment is pretty much unchanged. What is unlike -- I mean not unlike the last couple of years, but what is unlike cycles in the past is remember you had a more traditional finite marketplace. So, let's just call that the non-admitted carriers for a moment. Now, you have sidecars and more alternative capital that's either coming into the marketplace for actually waiting on the sidelines, which is another alternative. So, you have additional alternatives in the marketplace, which continues to put rate pressure down on those properties. So, I think that the commissions are generally the same. I don't think that that's -- I wouldnt say that's changed.
Ken Billingsley: Okay. And last question I have is just on the technology and I believe you mentioned this before and I just wanted to clarify. The standalone technology in the fourth quarter, is that expected to ramp up to get to your margin expectations for the year or has it naturally the pathway natural for it to hit the targets?
Andy Watts: No, just a natural pathway on it Ken. We again 30 basis points or so in the third quarter, we think we'll be somewhere in that 30 to 40 in the fourth quarter. That we will continue to build as we go forward into 2017, but nothing unusual on a trend.
Ken Billingsley: And maybe I'm just recalling incorrectly but I thought the first part of this year the margins were much lower and so I just want to clarify it is 30 or 40 for the quarter, not 30 or 40 for the year?
Andy Watts: We -- I said, we'll probably on the lower end of that for a full year. So, again our commentary is we didnt have impacting Q1, we had about 25 bps impact in Q2, 30 in Q3. So, it is building.
Ken Billingsley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Adam Klauber from William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Thanks. Good morning.
Andy Watts: Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Adam Klauber: Did I hear in the remarks on retail organic, did you say that the quarter organic was helped by business that was pulled from the quarter before?
Powell Brown: No, we didnt say it was pulled from the quarter before, is that we had a number of items that we didnt recognized in previous quarters either deals that werent finalized or incentives that we hadnt received back at that stage. So, we just catch all those up in the third quarter.
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. That's what I thought. Then could you talk about the benefit business, how is that doing compared to the overall retail business? And in general, how is commission pressure on that small -- I know you don't have a huge book but in the 100 [Indiscernible] under book?
Powell Brown: So, I would tell you, Adam that we're very pleased with our benefits book of business and how it's growing. I would tell you and we said that before we experience more organic growth in the over a hundred than under a hundred, but they are both growing, which is good. And I would tell you that we have seen in our book, in under a hundred there was a lot of change over the last couple of years where you had carriers going from a commission level to a per head per month or how they are looking at exchanges/other alternative and all these other things. What we're seeing now is sort of a leveling of commission dollars as it relates to those accounts. That does not mean that it's not under pressure on one-off accounts, that's not what I'm saying, but I'm saying generally speaking, I think that its kind of leveling out, and the under a hundred, as I said, both of them are growing and we're very pleased with our business.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thanks. Staying with the retail, I think you mentioned that exposures are doing okay. Would you say compared to six, nine months ago, are they doing moderately better particularly is the West Coast doing better than it has been?
Powell Brown: So, are you talking about the West Coast geographically?
Adam Klauber: Yes.
Powell Brown: So, what I would tell you is I have been -- I was in 23 offices last quarter, and a number of them were on the West Coast and I would tell you that from an economic standpoint, they seem to be doing better. So, I can't say six or nine months ago that I wasnt in those offices six to nine months ago, but I would tell you that, moderately better overall and certain areas, you go into place like Miami and Orlando and cites like that, there's a lot of construction. You go into Vegas, you go into Orange County, you go into Seattle, Portland, things are doing better. So, once again I would tell you that I usually -- I ask our teammates I want to know about construction, the new construction and/or renovation work. We ask them about general exposure units in terms of sales and payrolls on their insured -- other insurance, not just contractors, things like that that kind of give you a general sense of what the economy is doing in that local market.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks. And then as far as Florida Workers' Comp you mentioned that will probably add a little to the revenue line next year. There has been a number of headlines. Is it more headline activity or on the ground are you seeing a lot of lawsuits with those issues in Florida Workers' Comp?
Powell Brown: No, what I would say is that a go-forward from our standpoint is a potential from a go-forward standpoint. Remember there was -- we -- the way the plaintiff's bar was involved before was mitigated by the current statue that its currently written and now it's changing back to where they can be more active going forward. So, remember this is prospective thing, Adam, as opposed to a current thing. That's how I wanted you think about that.
Adam Klauber: Okay, that's helpful. And then in general across your book of business, you've seen a little bit more property losses this year compared to late last year. How about in really non-property losses, are you seeing any pressure even if its subtle pressure compared to the last two years because losses have just been very benign. So, are you seeing any more pickup across your book ex-property?
Powell Brown: Yes, well, I will kind of say two things. One, automobile and I'm not specifically just talking only about our book of business, but commercial auto continues to be a challenge for carrier partners. So, even on a more -- on a broader level and I know you already know that. The second thing that I would tell you is I think that casualty pricing, in general, is problematic for some of our carrier partners, because what I mean by that is they feel like it got to a level in some instances where they can't make money. And there are certain carriers that I think -- look, I don't want to write anymore if it goes that much lower. And so that's not a lot of carriers, but I'm saying there are people out there that are really digging deep into their books and they are saying. So, casualty is always a challenge for carriers in my opinion. But I would think about those two areas, and -- but I don't I think that our book has had something abnormal relative to other than property losses in the last two years. I think it's kind of normal.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thank you. And then finally on wholesale, obviously a good quarter and we've been hearing the wholesale business has been holding up. Would you say you're growing better than the market? And then in general, why are wholesale flows remaining strong despite a fair amount of pressure on the market?
Powell Brown: Well, the answer to the question is I don't know about all the other wholesale businesses out there. I would tend to say that we're performing probably in the top half or top third with that, I believe. But I don't really know. The reason that we do well in my opinion is we have really good leaders and really good brokers and teammates. And what Andy referred to earlier is there's a lot activity and so it is a current inconsistent action. And so we're trying to get more swings at the plate, more opportunities. And so I think that in short of markets whether there's disruption or potential disruption that creates more opportunities. So, as an example, if you have a storm coming, there are going to be some markets that close and some markets that don't close for maybe another day. So, that might present an opportunity to a wholesale broker t our try to get something done. Having said that you have -- anytime, wholesale business makes money in my opinion on the downside and the upside. The things that is not good for wholesale is a flat market.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you. And we're going to take one last question, okay Ron.
Operator: And it appears, we have no further questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Perfect. Actually works out well then. Perfect. Thank you all very much and have a wonderful day. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President & CEO Andy Watts - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Quentin McMillan - KBW Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Greg Peters - Raymond James Ken Billingsley - Compass Point Ryan Byrnes - Janney Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. 2016 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter of 2016 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Laws. Actual results and events in the future are subject to the number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated and desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statement made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors including the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter of 2016 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from the time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with the call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. With this said, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Shirlon. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2016 earnings call. I'm starting on Slide Four. For the second quarter, we delivered $446.5 million of revenue, growing 6.5% in total and 2.6% organically. We also realized organic growth in each of our four divisions, with incremental improvement seen in all divisions compared to Q1. For the quarter, our EBITDAC margins remained steady compared to the prior year. Our earnings per share for the quarter increased 9.3% over the second quarter of 2015 to $0.47 per share. Andy will provide more details about our financial performance in a few moments. During the quarter, we acquired two companies with annual revenues of approximately $34.5 million. I can tell you that we continue to talk with a number of prospects about joining Brown & Brown. However, we continue to see the marketplace is very active with valuations remaining high, even increasing a bit, and seeing some more creative terms and conditions. We remain vigilant in our commitment to find organizations that fit culturally and transactions that make sense financially. Overall, we're pleased with the top and bottom-line results for the quarter and it's a good improvement from the first quarter. Our teammates delivered these results through a lot of hard work. On Slide Five, we would characterize the second quarter as another quarter that is moderating upward, but inconsistency in the middle market does remain. These inconsistencies can be seen in certain geographies or industries or a combination of both. During the quarter, our customers continue with modest hiring and exposure units are increasing. As a general comment, we continue to see a tremendous amount of capital in the market and risk bearers want to put it to work with some being more aggressive than others either with their pricing or terms and conditions or both. Rates for the admitted market remain under pressure and are generally flat to down 5%. The exceptions to this are commercial auto where rates are generally flat to up 5% and then coastal properties and commercial DIC that continues to see rate declines of 10% to 25% which we've experienced for a number of renewal cycles. We expect this to continue for the remainder of this year and the rates in 2017 will depend on the occurrence of a major weather-related event or events this Hurricane season. However, we are starting to see some standard carriers begin to draw the line with their underwriting guidelines in coastal property. The continued increase in overall exposure units has helped offset some of this decline but these rate decreases are putting pressure on all of our property business in retail, wholesale, and national programs. Professional liability rates are generally flat except in certain lines. From a retail perspective, it was a good quarter and nice improvement over the first quarter. We continue to see improved new business during the quarter across most geographies and industries versus the prior year and with some offset by the impact of declining property rates and some aggressive pricing in certain areas around the country. Similar to previous quarters management of healthcare cost remains front and center for our customers, as small employers are generally experiencing rate increases of 8% to 12% while larger employers are seeing rates, rates that are generally flat up slightly. While these rate increases in small employer groups do not have a direct impact on our revenues as many of those carriers have moved to a per employee, per month, compensation model it does drive planned design. Companies are focused on how to best manage health and pharmacy cost and have their employees proactively share in managing these costs. Many of you also might have seen that we had the departure of two senior leaders during the quarter both chose to leave the company in order to pursue other opportunities. We parted ways as friends and wished them both well in their new endeavors. As with all the change, these changes it creates new opportunities and during the quarter we promoted four new senior leaders that are taking on boarder leadership roles will help us further grow our business. We continue to have a lot of interest from our risk barriers and the programs businesses to create new program, but we are also experiencing certain programs being impacted by changes in carrier risk appetite. During the quarter, we had continued growth in forward momentum across many programs, specifically lead by our lender placed coverage program and Wright Flood to name of few. While we have a number of programs performing well, we have a number of programs that continue to face material headwinds such as our property and auto programs that are being impacted by either declines in pricing or changes in risk barrier appetite or a combination of both. As you know carriers continuously evaluate the risk appetite for programs, this will probably have some impact on our growth rate for the national programs in the second half of the year. Our goal is to have a diverse offering of national programs that will deliver balanced growth as some programs will perform better than others at certain times. In our wholesale business rates are flat to down several points except for CAT property brokerage. This line remains under the most consistent pressure and we continue to experience 10% to 25% declines in renewal rates which we've experienced for the last three plus years. As I mentioned before we expect this to continue for the remainder of the year and put downward pressure on organic growth. The big story though in wholesale this quarter was the acquisition in June of Morstan General Agency located in Manhasset, New York, and other locations in New York, New Jersey, and Florida. Morstan is primarily a binding authority agency that's been in operation since 1964 in places of wide range of commercial lines, personal lines, employee benefits, and life insurance products. It has annual revenues of approximately $34 million. This acquisition positions Brown & Brown as one of the leading wholesale brokers in the tri state area. We welcome all of our new teammates and are excited about the potential for growth. For our services division the main story is about the claims revenue we realize in the second quarter. Our Social Security Advocacy claims businesses performed well during the quarter and the integration of Social Security Advocacy for the disabled business which we were refer to SSAD that we acquired in the first quarter of this year continues to go well. We're watching some of our claims processing businesses closely as certain carriers are starting to take claims back in-house due to low volumes and the federal government continues to have some delays in reviewing and approving claims. This is not unusual during times like this but may cause some short-term volatility in the services division revenues. As of now we do not see any long-term impact to the growth opportunities. In summary, we are pleased to see the continued growth in all of our divisions. As we discussed before rate impacts our organic growth by one quarter to one-third with exposure units making up two-thirds to three quarters of the impact. We view the second quarter as a good quarter both financially and operationally. Now let me turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Thank you, Powell, and good morning everybody. Let's look at our financial results and some of the key metrics for the quarter. I'm on Slide Six which presents our GAAP reported results. For the second quarter we delivered 6.5% revenue growth and an organic growth of 2.6%. Our income before income taxes grew by 8% and increased by 30 basis points as a percentage of revenues. Our income before income tax growth was impacted by a charge for the change in estimated acquisition earn-outs. I will talk more about this in a few minutes. From an EBITDAC performance perspective, which we define as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and a change in estimated acquisition earn-outs, our EBITDAC margin increased 60 basis points to 33.5% when compared to the prior year. Our EBITDAC margin improvement was primarily impacted by a premium tax credit of approximately $2.8 million in our national programs division. During the quarter, we realized about 25 basis point impact associated with our technology investment programs which are continuing to gain momentum. We're managing the financial impact of these programs through some strategic purchasing opportunities that are delivering some savings to help fund the program. As a result for the full-year, we're expecting the impact to be about 30 to 40 basis points rather than the 40 to 50 basis point impact we mentioned during our previous calls. Our net income improved by 8.5% as compared to the prior year and is slightly higher than pretax growth due to a modest decrease in our effective tax rate of 39.3% this quarter versus 39.5% last year. As of now, we see 39.4% to 39.6% as a good estimate for the full-year effective tax rate. Our earnings per share for the quarter increased over the prior year by 9.3%. This increase outpaced revenue growth of 6.5% and was driven by the improvement in EBITDAC margin, our lower outstanding share count versus the prior year of 1.6% through our repurchases, and then the lower effective tax rate. I'm going to move over to Slide Seven, I want to point out some of our adjusted income and earnings per share. This adjusted view excludes the impact of the change in estimated earn-out payables. These payables represent additional consideration to be paid to acquisitions based upon their performance. Since the adjustments can be lumpy on a quarterly basis, we exclude them from this view to provide another look at our operating performance for the business. For the quarter, we recognized an incremental $3.6 million of expense versus the prior year. On an adjusted basis, our pretax income grew 11.5% net income grew by 12.3%, and our earnings our share grew by 14% to $0.49. I'm going to move to Slide Number Eight. I'll walk through the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions are up about $4.4 million as compared to the second quarter of last year. The increase in contingents is primarily in national programs related to a program that became eligible for a contingent commission this quarter. We continue to expect contingent commissions to decrease in the second half of the year as they will be impacted by lower written premium by our coastal property programs. As we've noted before, other revenues do fluctuate on a quarterly basis. In the second quarter of 2015, we received $2.2 million for a legal settlement. In the second quarter of this year, there were no material other income items. We also disposed businesses or books of business in the past 12 months which represented $2.5 million of revenue in the second quarter of last year. For the second quarter of this year, we recognized $15.9 million of revenue associated with acquisitions we completed over the last 12 months. We isolate these four categories in order to determine our organic revenue growth which was 2.6% for the quarter. I'm going to move to Slide Number Nine. We'll look at each of our divisions in a little more detail; I want to start with retail. For the first quarter our retail division delivered 5.3% revenue growth with organic revenue growth of 1.8%. Retail's year-over-year income before income taxes as a percentage of revenues declined by 80 basis points which was driven by the incremental cost associated with the changes in acquisition earn-out that I mentioned earlier. The EBITDAC margin for the quarter was substantially flat with the prior year. Moving to Slide Number 10, for the quarter total revenues for our national programs division increased by 5.5% in total driven by our acquisitions in the last 12 months and grew organically by 2.2%. For the quarter, income before income taxes as a percentage of revenue increased by 700 basis points and our EBITDAC margin increased by 380 basis points. Our income before income taxes was driven by lower intercompany interest expense charges. And then both income before income taxes and EBITDA were impacted by higher contingents, the premium tax credit I mentioned earlier, along with continued expense management across all programs. I'm going to move on to Slide Number 11. The wholesale division had another good quarter reporting total revenue growth of 10.6% driven by the Morstan acquisition and delivered organic revenue growth of 3.9%. Our EBITDAC margins were 32.8% which is a decline of 280 basis points from the prior year. This was driven by the previously noted rate decreases primarily in brokerage and a higher number of transactions across the business. While rates are down, we are seeing an increased number of transactions that results in our need to add incremental resources to handle the volumes. During the quarter, as Powell mentioned, we acquired Morstan which has margins lower than our average. But over the coming years we are seeking increased productivity and expanded carrier relationships that will enable margin improvement. We expect our margins to be down for at least the next few quarters based upon the above. We'll provide more information once we have additional insight on the trajectory of these areas. Moving over to Slide Number 12, service division we delivered a good quarter with total revenue growth of 8.9% and organic growth of 6.3% for the quarter. With the difference being driven by the SSAD acquisition that we completed in the first quarter of this year, the organic growth was driven primarily by increased claim to revenue. For the quarter, income before income taxes as a percentage of revenue increased by 220 basis points with about half of the improvement driven by lower intercompany interest charges and the remainder by operating leverage. Our EBITDAC margin increased by a 100 basis points in the quarter primarily related to claims activity. With that let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. Great report. In summary we continued to remain optimistic about the remainder of the year and the outlook for our company. We're focused upon attracting and renewing customers, hiring and rewarding great teammates, and investing in our business for the long-term. Our technology initiatives are moving forward nicely and we look forward to these gaining momentum in the future. As I mentioned earlier we do expect rates for 2016 to remain under pressure, the significant decline in CAT property rates will continue to impact segments of retail, wholesale, and national programs growth in the second half of the year. From an M&A perspective the activity and valuations are continuing to heat up. We remain focused on finding companies that fit culturally and make sense financially. As we've said before we're patient and disciplined operators. We're focused on the long-term and how to best invest our capital that will help us drive long-term shareholder value. With that I'd like to turn it back over to you, Shirlon, so we can open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll have our first question from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. First question, in terms of the retail organic growth, just wondering if you can kind of talk to your outlook for the balance of the year just do you expect growth to kind of pick up sequentially? Just any kind of view on new business trends from here? And then also just in terms of some of the recent employee departures, have you guys thought about any kind of retention plan in place just to prevent any potential further departures within that retail segment?
Powell Brown: Okay, Elyse good morning. First, as you know, we don't give organic growth guidance but as you know our goal is to continue to improve. We were pleased with the performance this quarter and we told you a little bit about some of the headwinds that we faced relative to rates specifically in CAT property being down although that's not an enormous part of our business it still does impact many of our coastal offices in Florida and up to East Coast and into Texas. That said relative to departures, the recent departures we're very focused on keeping all of our teammates and we are looking at all kinds of things in order to maintain the right people on our team. However as it relates to some retention strategy that would be different than what we've been doing, we're not looking at something outside of the normal. We always review how people are rewarded and we believe that we reward people fairly and for those that take on more responsibility, they will have the opportunity to earn more. So that's kind of how we've looked at it. We do not; I don't want to diminish the fact that we have had two senior leaders leave that's not what I'm not diminishing that at all. I'm just saying that at the end of the day sometimes people choose to do other things and we're going to continue to move on focused on our business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. And then in terms of the tax spend and the impact on the margins, you mentioned some purchasing some savings that went into effect in the quarter. Can you just elaborate on that? And then, also was the majority of the tax spend; did that impact the retail segment in the quarter?
Andy Watts: Good morning, Elyse, it's Andy. Let me on the comment that we made about strategic purchasing, one of the things that we've been trying to focus upon is how to utilize a number of purchasing capabilities that we have across the organization through enterprise agreements in order to obtain more favorable pricing in certain areas. So we're using some of those savings to help fund the program. We will continue to seek out those opportunities as they arise going forward. And then the cost for the program itself, most of it is sitting up in corporate and we are trying to isolate it right there unless there is something specific to a division.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that makes sense. And then in terms of just on capital, you guys, it seems like there was no share repurchase in the quarter. I know you guys have historically looked to repurchase stock under an accelerated program which one is not currently in effect. Can you just comment on just kind of views on capital and on share repurchase in your mind how you look for that to come into play for the balance of the year?
Powell Brown: Sure. Elyse, as you've heard us say before we continue to evaluate share repurchase as a potential way in which we would invest our capital. That does not mean we're going to say, we're going to purchase X amount of shares or X amount of value on a quarterly basis. We'll continue to evaluate it and when we think that that's a good investment for us, we will do it. But it is conceivable that through the remainder of the year, we might not buy any shares back. So like I said we look at it as investment an option, so it is not something that we are saying, we are going to categorically do each and every quarter for said amount, we're going to look at the valuation of the stock if it makes sense and we will consider that with the other investment opportunities that are in front of us.
Operator: We will go next to Charles Sebaski, BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: First question is on the retail segment and the earn-out adjustment and the pressure that that had on margin. And I guess just conceptually, I guess I think about earn-outs increasing because the operations of acquired businesses have been improving and why that would be a contra to margins I guess if you could conceptually help me understand that, I would appreciate it.
Powell Brown: Yes good morning, Charles. The way to think about the earn-outs in the adjustments that we make, when we acquire a business we'll project over the applicable earn-out period, what we believe the performance to be. And then based upon how that business is performing either higher or lower than original expectations we will make true-ups to that charge-out or to that reserve for payout purposes. And the reason why what happens is been on the outlook for the backend, you could end up with taking either a charge or a credit in one period, but it doesn't mean that there is a direct correlation to the amount of expense with the amount of revenue recorded because again you're truing up for the remaining period. And then within the EBITDAC, as we described, as we exclude changes in there to show underlying margins.
Charles Sebaski: Yes, okay that makes sense. On the national programs and the $2.8 million tax credit did that just hit the bottom line; did that flow through top-line as well? I guess just I'm trying to understand where that's flowing through the numbers for the national programs?
Andy Watts: Just bottom line it was a credit within expenses.
Charles Sebaski: And that had a not effect on the overall tax rate for the business.
Andy Watts: No, it's not. It's a premium tax so it shows up in other income it's not an income tax, it's like a sales tax equivalent.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then I guess overall in wholesale and I guess I don't know if this is from the recent acquisition that you mentioned have got lower margins but I guess when I think of the wholesale business and organic growth nearly 4%, that it, would be generally I would think, margin accretive as opposed to margin contracting at that level of organic. And then you've got this acquisition which I believe is all going to roll through wholesale going forward that you said is lower margin. So going forward what is the expectation of wholesale brokerage margins on a run rate I mean so may be not next quarter but for 2017 is this new acquisition pretty sizable to the wholesale operation going to have a material contraction on EBITDAC margins next year?
Powell Brown: Let me Charles let's start by saying the impact is really the compression in rates and the number of transactions. So you have some additional people that are involved that's a bigger impact on the margins as opposed to the impact of the new acquisition. So you heard us say that historically what we try to do is have acquisitions the 20%, 25% minimum type margins when we make that acquisition and overtime we try to increase those overtime. But specifically if you look at and then you've heard us talk about this in the property brokerage area, we've had rates go down for three plus years in a row 10% to 25% that's number one. Number two in the binding authority business we are seeing more and more transactions yet the price on those transactions are down slightly. So it means we have additional cost incurred. So what we said in the commentary was that as we get into it a little bit more and when I say that going forward we'll be able to give you that but today we're are not going to give any speculation or guidance on margins for next year.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. But there is two components I guess, I just don't have the timing of the acquisition in my head and the effect that had on --
Powell Brown: The timing of the acquisition was 6/1 so very minimal impact in this quarter, what Im trying to say is it will be part of the go-forward. What I think we want you to think about is this when you have business particularly where you have it under a lot of pressure in terms of rates that like I said they're running faster to keep up if they can or fill in the whole and so that's a unique distinction there.
Charles Sebaski: Okay so, but nothing in the market environment I guess from what I heard from you guys leads me to think that that's going to abate, right? That the pressure seen in the wholesale brokerage because of how binding authority is doing, more transactions, compressed rate is not something that's changing for the positive at least as the signs say right now; is that fair?
Powell Brown: I think that the fair statement I would just say let me back up and say the investment community and my question is you don't have as much clarity into the wholesale space in terms of all of them that are owned by private firms. But I would tell you that we're number one very, very pleased with the organic growth that we've had in our business number one. Number two, we're very pleased with the margins that our wholesale division delivers, Anthony Strianese and his team has done an exceptional job. So I know that that sounds kind of like interesting but it is a statement because we believe that we are one of the best run wholesale operations out there. So it's a relative statement but I believe what you just said is fair.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then finally just last on the contingents, you mentioned that the uptick this quarter was due to a new national programs business that took effect this quarter but that the second half contingents are likely to be down, does that mean that the second quarter is kind of a -- this program is going to have a potential contingent every second quarter. I guess the extent of the bump was material and yet we're still talking about the back half being down. I'm just trying to understand how that works?
Andy Watts: Let me see, if I can explain on that, Charles. So it wasn't a new program, it was an existing program but based upon the performance of the program they became eligible for a contingent this quarter. Would we be able to save, if they will get that in the future? Wouldn't know because again all based upon how the program performs. And our comments about the back end of the year that was really focused around coastal property programs and that is primarily going to be driven by the fact there is just lower written premium. So we have every expectation that those program which they normally earn in the second half of the year will more than likely be down.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much for the answers guys. Have a great morning.
Powell Brown: Yes, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Sarah DeWitt, JPMorgan.
Sarah DeWitt: I think I heard you mention that program wholesale and services organic growth will be lower in the next few quarters. Can you just elaborate on what's driving that and quantify if you can?
Powell Brown: Sure. The answer is specifically what we're referring to was property rates and specifically coastal property rates and commercial DIC rates across the board. So when you hear that, there is an impact in retail, there is a significant impact in wholesale which you're already seeing, what you have seen, and there is an impact in our programs division specifically with our property related programs. We also alluded to some in a couple of our automobile related programs that are under a little bit of pressure as well. But once again we don't give organic guidance as you know, Sarah, and you will appreciate that. But what we have said is we're just trying to give you an indication that we continue to face a headwind that I would say that three years particularly in coastal property, some of the pricing that we're seeing surprises us now. So that's the way it is and so we just continue to work through it.
Sarah DeWitt: And how was that different versus this quarter is it just that you have more coastal premium renewing in the second half?
Powell Brown: No, no, no, no. It's not different, it's just the fact that it's -- let's just say three years in a row a 25% decrease on pricing. What I'm saying is there is got to be a point usually where you hit the bottom. And so what I'm saying is, is if you compare it to the quarter last year in 2015, we might have thought that the rate decreases on certain properties would be not as great. And so what I'm trying to say is we're just continuing to see more of the same and we're trying to give you a clear path or a clear understanding of what we're seeing and how that impacts our business.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just on the contingent commission, can you quantify how much it will be down in the second half. I think in the past you've given guidance on that line item?
Andy Watts: Hi Sarah, it's Andy. No we wouldn't be able to give that exactly because there is calculations that need to be done by the carriers. All indications that they will be down but we do not know approximately how much.
Operator: We will go next to Quentin McMillan, KBW.
Quentin McMillan: Hi good morning. Thanks very much guys. Could you just help us -- there was an increase in the claims activity in the services segment, how much did that benefit organic growth by in the quarter in the services segment kind of based upon impact that you guys have? And additionally in the first quarter you had sort of highlighted that this was going to be up from the Texas claims activity is there anything that you are seeing so far in the back half of the second quarter or early in the third quarter that might indicate that services would be sort of up or above or below normal in the third quarter.
Andy Watts: Hi, good morning Quentin, Andy here. The benefit for the second quarter was primarily related to claims. One of the things that we've talked about on previous calls is that we do look at our claims businesses over a longer-term horizon only for the fact that the claims kind of come back and forth. And I think as we had talked about previously what we were seen during the end of the first quarter and end of the second quarter is that the volumes were not unusual though. What the volumes really represented was more kind of in line with our 10-year average so it's not like we had this significant top all of a sudden. There was a lot of noise in the press and a lot of coverage but the volumes were consistent with or fairly consistent with the volumes that we saw last year. And then as it relates to outlook no nothing that we see right now would be able to give any guidance on.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, so just a close that thought I mean the 1-2 that you had in the fourth quarter and the first quarter in the organic was really more the outlier on the low side and the 7 is more of a normal course of business in terms of claims activity; is that what you are kind of saying?
Powell Brown: Yes, the Q1 was definitely down there was very, very little claim activity because of almost no storms in the backend of the fourth quarter during the first quarter. And then second quarter may be more on an average don't know that I would call it a standard level but.
Quentin McMillan: In the first quarter as well you guys had mentioned just an overall sort of retention like issue where you were losing some contracts and some business there was a little bit may be concerning to you at that time. Can you just talk about whether that trend is continued at all whether that's reversed or whether what has happened there?
Powell Brown: We are always Quentin focused on retaining our existing clients. And as I said in the first quarter I think I don't remember exactly how I said it but I was pleased with the new business that we have written but I thought we had a little more lost business that we would have liked, that was in the first quarter. This quarter we've done better and I think that is reflected in our organic growth which we're pleased with and we're making progress. And so, it's a very competitive marketplace out there. And so as you know many times the reason you lose business, there is a lot of reasons why you lose business but most of the time it's loss of relationship with the buyer both the economic buyer and/or the user buyer. Having said that there in a market like this where you can see carriers do some really squirrely things in terms of pricing sometimes you just see crazy things, they just -- right they do pricing that just doesn't make sense where they blow something out of the water and we don't know how long that's going to last or if its real or whatever the case may be but sometimes you lose a little bit of business like that. But we are continuing to work through it and I would tell you that I didn't see some trend in Q2 that would be similar to Q1. I think it was just periodically things like that happen.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. So more positive and nothing -- it sort of has reversed itself. Okay, great. And the last question just in terms of the IT spending thanks for giving us the update in terms of the impact, the 30 to 40 basis points you spoke about versus 40 to 50 basis points of drag previously in 2016. But you also mentioned in there, there was about a 25 basis point impact I believe from the technology investments in the second quarter. Can you just talk about what the overall impact has been in the first quarter? And then obviously related to how much impact there might be in the back half because it feels like we have done a little bit better in the first quarter so maybe there will be a little bit higher impact in the back half?
Andy Watts: Yes, our comments during the Q1 earnings release is that there was not an material impact during Q1. The 25 basis points was about the impact that we had in the second quarter but again that was benefited little bit by our strategic purchasing, and then utilized the 30 to 40 for a full-year on it Quentin. So again if it continues to grow the way that it is and our momentum is picking up that probably a pretty good range for us right now which will mean arithmetically more expense in the back end of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes thank you. Just a quick numbers question first, how much do you guys spend on acquisitions for the quarter?
Andy Watts: We're little over $70 million, $80 million, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. That is for my note. And so I know you are not going to give guidance on the quarter but I'm trying to understand all the moving pieces. With the IT spend, where does it show up and in which segments you really feel that in the margin?
Andy Watts: Right now, it's primarily in our corporate segment but depending upon the individual components of the program over time, Josh, some of it will show up in the individual segments the one primarily that it may show up in will be retail. And again if there is a material impact in any of those, we will talk to you guys about it.
Josh Shanker: And even it's also I guess overall you're pleased and I mean I'm surprised and happy about it that margins have been better than you thought. Can you talk about let's go -- skipping to wholesale for a second what's been improving the margin trend I guess in the retail and national programs?
Powell Brown: Well I just think that we had a good quarter and you told me, you heard us say that we wrote a lot of new business. I believe our retention was appropriate, it can always be better. In national programs, we continue to work through challenges and in some of our programs as we've said are doing really well and some of them are under pressure i.e. property both CAT and/or commercial DIC. And so I just think it was a good quarter overall, we just executed well that's how it is.
Josh Shanker: You would say you reached a new plateau of efficiency or anything like that, some quarters will be better than others I guess is where we're at right now?
Powell Brown: Correct.
Andy Watts: And Josh make sure you take in to consideration our comments about the drivers of margins in national programs because those do have, they did benefit the margins for the quarter.
Josh Shanker: That makes sense. And can you give a little color on this revenues per transaction sort of relationship in wholesale. I'm trying to understand how that works exactly and the extent to which is that a permanent feature going forward of the way the wholesale business will operate and therefore margin erosion over the long-term.
Powell Brown: So let's this is a hypothetical example, so in binding authority business, the average premium size is around $3,000. So let's say that generate $300 of commission and in a market like this, there is lot of marketing of individual accounts. So if the underwriter normally that's -- I'm going to pull a number out of the air 100 commissions in a week hypothetically and in light of the changes in the rates and/or terms and conditions that 100 goes to 150 for the week. There is still, they have to process 150, so the question is do they have to have another person not only help that production underwriter but let's say two or three other production underwriters. That's example number one. Example number two would be if you have accounts that generate X amount of commission whatever that is and that this is brokerage now and all of a sudden your rates are down 25%. So your commissions are down 25% and you're actively trying to fill that hole in and so are you the broker out more on the road and you have to have somebody help back at the office depending on how you have it structured in the past or not. Like I said the wholesale business, as you know, usually has higher extremes on both ends, when the market hardens typically it goes up quicker, higher, faster, and when the market slows it typically in the slowest parts it goes down the quickest and it has the most drag. Having said that, it's been our best performing organic growth business over the last several years. So it's hard -- it's hard other than to speculate and how that is going to play out because as we continue to see the market change it impacts the number of submissions that we get either in binding authority or brokerage or both.
Josh Shanker: And one final question given about this issue of you needing new heads, we talked I think last year about a significant desire on your part to hire from college campuses and create new young teammates. Where are we in that training program and when would you expect these new teammates to be revenue accretive?
Powell Brown: Okay, so Josh, I know that you and the other people on the call would like to have a linear map which talks about investments and people and it doesn't really work like that. And what I mean by that is you could hire a young person or a new person and when you say young it could be somebody that's been in the industry somewhere else or in a different industry and come in and depending on the job that they come into, they may be able to impact revenue sooner than in other segments of the business or we may have hired somebody in, in a production role and as they get in there is another opportunity presented to them and we need them in a marketing or service or a placement type role.  So what I would say is I think it's going to be very difficult for you, for us to give you a clear linear path on okay, if we hire this person right out of college, how many years does it take at their salary in order to be accretive and then at what point does that really starting kicking in. It's different with different people. That's why it has been difficult to describe on the earnings calls in the past because at the end of the day our greatest asset, as you know, we are a people business. So our people go home every night and then come back to the office every day to take care of our clients and solicit new ones. So we're going to be continue to be opportunistic in terms of our hires we have done that. We have hired people and you heard us talk about in Beecher and around the system not just Beecher but that are seasoned people that we expect to come in and have a revenue impact more quickly. And then we hire people right out of college where we only have to teach them insurance but we teach them about life, as you can appreciate. And so we, that's kind of the way we view and it's going to be hard for us to say okay, we're not going to say we hired 100 people and this is where there are, the answer is we understand about recruiting and developing talent. And it is not a, it's not a science it's an art, and some people develop quicker or not as quickly as others.
Josh Shanker: Okay, I'll take that and good luck in the next quarter. Thank you.
Powell Brown: Thank you. All right.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Peters, Raymond James.
Greg Peters: Good morning and thank you for hosting the call. I just wanted to circle back on the technology investment, and sort of I'm looking for an update on what this means to Brown & Brown. And I guess when I think about it, I was struck by your hypothetical example in wholesale where you have gone from 100 submissions to 150 submissions, so there is an increased expenses. It seems like there is something to be said for technology playing a role to help improve efficiencies there. So I'm just looking for some additional color on how this rollout of the technology is improving the operations of your company.
Andy Watts: So, Josh -- Greg morning as when we talked about the areas in which we're going to invest in technology as we talk about the -- this next phase which is around optimization and the number of the areas that we were looking at were around a financial reporting and analysis systems, we are looking at core infrastructure, and then we were looking at updates to our retail agency management systems. The specifically on wholesale is that business has a lot of automation already today and I think what Powell was really just trying to tell you he wasn't saying that they actually went from 100 to 150, he was just trying to give some perspective more and more submission come in even while there is a lot of automation inside of there either interaction between ourselves and the retailer or back to the risk bearer. There is a point where just you need a number of hands on the pump just to be able to get all the volumes but you just still have to look at it. We're always looking wherever we can to continue to drive automation through the business.
Greg Peters: And Andy, how are you measuring the return on investment for these projects, in the context of all the money that is being spent?
Andy Watts: When -- so our previous commentary on this one is we said that we would spend around $30 million to $40 million and the payback would be somewhere in the range of five to six years. We know exactly where the savings are going to come from, Greg.
Greg Peters: Okay, perfect.
Andy Watts: So we're quite comfortable with that.
Greg Peters: Okay. And Powell, it seems every quarter during your remarks, you talk about upward pressure on M&A multiples. And in this quarter you mentioned it again and then you talked about or you highlighted there is some different type of structures that are popping up on top of that. I mean where does this end, what do you mean by different types of structures, how high are the multiples and in the context of what you're continually telling us about market conditions, should we expect less M&A going forward?
Powell Brown: Okay. So Greg as you know it's interesting what people or who says how much they paid or how much they got in terms of a multiple. And I always say a multiple of what. So if we're talking about a multiple of 2018 pro forma earnings that's much different than a trailing 12 or true vetted pro forma over the last 12 months or the forward-looking 12 months. So what I would say is as you know there continues to be a lot of activity in the PE space and there continues to be more money it seems to either flood into it or they want to put more money to work. And so like I said remember we just sell and service insurance at Brown & Brown and those guys are doing their financial modeling relative to shorter-term things that include a flip with a terminal value. What we look at is does it make sense financially? And the answer is a number of the ones that we've seen don't make them financially. And when I refer to terms and conditions that could mean that guaranteed amounts down or up for kickers or unusual things that are just creative, I'm not. But I think you should just take it as things. The minimums continue to be pushed up meaning the amount earned all these different things. And so having said we continue to evaluate all of our investment options, as you know we talked about one hiring new teammates or additional teammates; two, it could be acquisitions which we did two last quarter of which one was of size, Morstan, excuse me; or three, the potential of returning it to shareholders in some form or fashion and we have said that we continue to evaluate that but we obviously are paying a dividend, our dividend again as of August, I believe it's 17th is that right, Andy on the payment?
Andy Watts: Yes.
Powell Brown: Yes, sorry. And but we will continue to evaluate on share repurchases. I would tell you Greg, what I would say is this, I think that evaluations are going to continue to remain high for the near-terms and near to intermediate term is let's just make it easy, let's say that 18 months. I don't know if I can speculate out further than that relative to how those multiples will continue after that. But I would say that I don't believe that it continue like this forever. And so we're continuing to operate in an environment that maybe we don't do as many acquisitions. That does not mean we don't want to, that means that they got to make sense financially and fit culturally, cultural fit is a most important thing, you heard me say that over and over and over again. And so I'm really pleased that the acquisitions that have joined our team this year not only this quarter, this year over the last several years because I think we continue to have lots of high quality people and additional capabilities join the team. We're not going to do some stupid, I get a kick out of the fact that I made a comment several quarters ago that lit up Andy's phone which I said in an order to get the $2 billion of revenue we're going to have to, I think I said higher or acquire 2,500 people and everybody on the call got nervous that we're going to go out and just hire all these people. Well we're at 8,474 people as of 6/30 and we're pleased with our quarter. And if we wanted to be our intermediate goal of $2 billion of revenue we could have been there two years ago. But it wouldn't have made sense and so we're not going to do that and so we're not in it for growth sake. We're in it for growth and profitability and like I said it is really important, we walk away from deals that don't make sense; we are not deal jockeys that's an important distinction as we're going to do this forever.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Billingsley, Compass Point.
Ken Billingsley: Good morning. I just want to follow up and get some clarification on some comments you made. One, on the organic growth. I know you've talked about the different segments and some volumes but I just wanted to get some may be a little clarity. The majority of the organic growth, was it just new customers, were you expanding any of the products, expanding the business that you are writing with your existing customers? And I am sure it is a mix of everything but what really drove the organic growth primarily?
Powell Brown: Well, Ken and you're not going to like this question but it is all of the above. That means we number one start with do we retain our existing clients. And in retaining our existing clients our clients can actually shrink if their business has gone down or they can go up. So that's going to start the baseline. Then the question is what about our retention, we talked a little bit about that and retaining those existing customers. And then new business could be defined as new-new where we didn't have the customer before or a new line of business on existing client were let's say we wrote the employee benefit and then we wrote the property and casualty or vice versa or whatever the case may be. So it's a combination of everyone executing well in the quarter. It's not -- there is not some magic thing that we just started doing this quarter versus another quarter it's just we executed well in Q2.
Ken Billingsley: With rates being down in general, are your customers buying more coverage than they have or are they continuing to buy more coverage than may be they did two or three years ago because the prices are attractive or are they looking to increase coverage in other areas that they may be didn't have?
Powell Brown: I think it could be -- I think it could be either with a customer but let me back up and clarify something. The way we look at is we are in the solutions business. A solution might be transferring it to a risk bearer, it might be self insuring it or identifying a exposure that you don't know that you may not realized you did you had before when we weren't working with you. We knowledge something like a contingent business interruption exposure or a hired non-owned auto exposure or something out there that may be someone has never talked to you about or maybe you just never thought of it but that's our job. So having said that we try to bring solutions that involve transfer of risk but that doesn't mean all of our clients think that would be the best decision to do so. And we have those conversations with them. So every client is different. I don't want to make a broad general statement that said okay, every contractor is buying more umbrella coverage or everybody in the wholesale food business is buying employment practice of liability coverage now or cyber liability. I would tell you that we quote a lot of cyber liability but the uptake is not nearly as high as I would think it should be. Having said that it's not just to similar to what it was an employee -- I mean an employment practices liability coverage 10 years ago. We quoted a lot of it and there wasn't a lot of uptake then there started to be more claims and people started and started to register and then more and more people are started to buy it. I think that cyber is the same exact scenario and as you have the high profile instances where businesses are violated if you want to call that, then all of a sudden other people say well may be that can happen to us.
Ken Billingsley: Okay. And on the earn-out, the earn-out was significantly little bit higher this quarter and obviously I would, obviously expect that you believe the business is doing better than you had initially expected and then there is going to be a payout, what was -- what conditions changed though may be from last quarter to this quarter where you identified that the conditions had changed then you're going to have a higher payout on those prior acquisitions?
Powell Brown: Okay. So as you know the acquisition earn-out estimation or from a GAAP standpoint, we have to give our best estimate on a quarterly basis. And so what can happen is a business can write a bunch of new business that would come in to the pipe, so that doesn't mean necessarily all of it is booked in that quarter but we have more clarity with certainly that we believe that that's going to come either in this quarter or quarters in the future. And so this is one of those things that Andy and I talk about in the sense that it has a tendency to cloud, I wouldn't say cloud that is maybe strong; it has an impact on how people view the earnings that it's a non-cash charge, right.
Ken Billingsley: Sure.
Powell Brown: And so having said that, it's interesting because the fact that our businesses are doing better is a good thing. And so we don't want to have these adjustments but we much rather have that adjustments than the opposite and even though the opposite would actually non-cash charge again benefit earning it's still the business isn't performing as well and in some instances as we anticipated in, sometimes we have that. That's a thing that is kind of unusual because GAAP, the SEC is actually asking us to estimate that the ultimate value of a business when we don't know how much new business they're going to write and how their retention will fully flush out over the earn-out period.
Ken Billingsley: And I agree, I view this as a positive long-term, so but it sounds like this is they're writing more business than you expected or is it on what you purchased or is it an increase in them adding on ancillary products?
Powell Brown: So Ken this is what I call a high quality problem, okay. That means they're doing a great job at growing their business. So it's a combination of existing clients may be growing, they may be purchasing more lines of coverage and we're writing a bunch of new business. Remember in some of those businesses in this particular incidence this quarter those businesses have long sales cycles and many of them are larger accounts. So you have better transparency in that at a set time, hey we wrote these four accounts, these are going to come in over the next 12 months. That's going to impact our acquisition which is good. We want our the people who have joined our team to hit the maximum they just have to perform and that's a good thing for all of us.
Andy Watts: Hey, Ken, and we spend a lot of time upfront trying to do a lot of work to determine kind of where we think the business is going to turn out. You are not allowed by GAAP to book the maximum nor can you book the minimum that you got to book your best estimate and then so what we do over the earn-out period is we're monitoring how they're performing on a quarterly basis. And then once we see a trend as this, I think our assumptions need to be adjusted up and down, then we will do what we don't go in every quarter and make adjustments, otherwise we have kind of whipsaw effect at times, so we monitor these pretty closely.
Ken Billingsley: Sure. But again its more of a volume as opposed to may be a margin, it is not like the margin efficiency changed dramatically from when you purchased on, it's more about volume of business and?
Powell Brown: Well it could be yes but I think I don't want to give you the impression that's the reason, it is -- it could be either or both.
Ken Billingsley: Right. Okay.
Powell Brown: Most times it is both.
Operator: We will go next to Ryan Byrnes, Janney.
Ryan Byrnes: Great, thanks for taking my questions guys. Obviously, you guys noted that you are surprised by the pricing environment for coastal property right now. Just wanted to may be take us back to may be historical, where are these rates currently as compared to where you guys have seen in the past? Are we in the mid to late 90s pre-Andrew days? I just want to get an idea of where your book rates currently are.
Powell Brown: Okay. So what I would tell you is we're starting to see rates in the pre-Hurricane Andrew levels. That would be 1992 for those that may not remember the exact year. But remember you've had enormous and I wouldn't -- I don't want to say Ryan that we're surprised like all of a sudden we're just surprised. That's I think it has been we've continued to sort of scratch our head at the continued rate decrease or pressure. So it's not like second quarter we woke up one day and said well we're surprised wasn't that kind of deal. It has been, if you look at it for the last three years and I'm just using Southeast Florida because I live here in Florida and know that areas well and you look at these very nice high rise condominiums and Dade, Broward, Palm Beach County and all of a sudden, the rates have come down let's just say 20%, 20%, 25% those are big cuts. Now that's great for our customers but it's hard to fill in the hole from an organic standpoint when you have that much pressure in an office like for an office specific. I'm not talking about the hire business, I'm talking about in the office or in a region or in a division depending on how much it is connected to that coastal property.
Ryan Byrnes: Great. And then can you just remind us how those rates responded after Andrew? Again I realize that we are in a completely different environment with liquidity these days but I just want to get a precedent for what happened to rates after Andrew for your I guess coastal property books just --?
Powell Brown: Okay. So let me back up I actually joined Brown & Brown in July of 1995. I worked for an insurance company then. And so I saw rates go up in admitted markets as much as were permissible by rate filings however here is what I would say remember in Hurricane Andrew it was much different because the modeling for insurance companies was not nearly as sophisticated, it was more like a map and there would be people in Kansas City riding hotels and in Miami Beach and the people in Florida with the same insurance company didn't even know that they were riding the hotel in Miami Beach. So there was the aggregation of exposure units that was substantial which most insurance standard carriers realize that had it been a direct hit in Hurricane Andrew on Miami Beach that we might had some very significantly impaired insurance company because they didn't realize how much they had. I think a better example would be to go to 2001 and 2002 and 2003. So you had a constricting in the property market. You had post 09/11 event, you had lots of other things and rates started going up and up and up and up. The amount that, I don't think you can say, this is how much they are going up in the event of a loss because the loss, the size of the loss is going to be a significant impact. The number and the losses by individual carrier will impacted and it depends on if how opportunistic certain carriers will feel on the way in, if the market places bearing on making this up 25% increase and all of a sudden you have a capital provider which is not taken a bunch of losses and may be didn't participate in that segment and says that this level we might do that. They might come in and right at 15% so there is not going to be a linear relationship. I can just tell you when you have a big event that goes into Florida which is not a question of if, it's a question of when we have another storm hit Florida, there will be upward pressure on rate. The size, the magnitude of the loss would dictate the rate pressure. If you had a $40 billion loss then may be the pressure is not nearly as much if its the 100 and its  speculation on mine Ryan I wish I can give you a little more color but book, here is what I want you to know I've been in Florida for 48 years and I can tell you that Hurricanes happen usually every 10 to 14 years. We're l1 years in since it struck land the last time. So I could be wrong but since I came to the earth, on this earth, I can remember the first storm that was in the late 70s. And so I can remember each one distinctly and so it will be and we don't wish that to happen but it's going to happen somewhere sometime.
Ryan Byrnes: Okay great, I really appreciate all that color and if I could just one more just kind of numbers based question obviously kind of lowered the tax spending impact on margins for 2016 but is there any change to 2017 or is that range I think of 35 to 60 basis points still there.
Andy Watts: Good morning, Ryan. That's still a good range for right now, if information changes or the outlook changes, we will let everybody know that. So that's good for right now.
Operator: We will go next to Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning and thank you for keeping me in, first just pull off of the recent departure and how long is there sort of non-compete or non-solicitation period?
Powell Brown: As you know we have traditional covenants with people that are on our team which are typically two years. And as it relates to certain convents there were in improved or enhanced covenants which will last for a year as well.
Kai Pan: Okay thanks. And then on the assorted properties like coastal property raise, I remembered last few quarters, you are talking about a strong 15 to 25, now you say 10 to 25. Are we seeing any signs of probably early signs of stabilization or am I reading too much into it?
Andy Watts: You're reading too much into it.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thanks and lastly on margins. So if you take out the $2.8 million of premium tax refund, the EBITDAC margin roughly stable year-over-year and but you have sort of benefit of probably $4.4 million for contingent commission thats roughly about 100 basis points of margin. So I just wonder if that is the right way to think about it. And then secondly so you talked about 30 to 40 basis point impact from the IT investments and I just wonder is that the overall like margin impacts or just IT not including anything like you're hiring additional brokers or the other impacts?
Powell Brown: So I'm going to let Andy touch on that in a moment but I do want to make one comment because this is my favorite, I'm being suspicious 141R you didn't mention that, Kai. That is the change in acquisition earn-out payable. Well remember there is some offset to some of the things that you raised that's number one, number two that as it relates to and we haven't and we are not going to by the way, we haven't broken out the cost of our strategic hires or opportunistic hires or whatever the case may be, the answer is we just make those investments because when we have the right leaders in the right places and they feel like, they have the right opportunity we're going to back them. So the answer is, it's not I know you want something that you can put in to your spread sheet and unfortunately it's not simple, if we find four people that we feel like we got to have and they're not so called in the budget, we just make it work because at the end of the day long-term that will those capabilities and those people if we feel that strongly about them, will make us a better organization. So Andy you want to respond or comment on the other stuff.
Andy Watts: Kai good morning let me touch on a couple of the points there. Keep in mind I made mention about the other income last year, why would call that out for the quarter, just always when you're kind of going through look at those line items because those movements do have impacts okay. So that's part of back and forth. And then on the technology when we said 30 to 40 basis points that is what we would estimate right now on a full-year impact to our EBITDAC margins, it may move around little bit, may be impacted by how well we do on some of our strategic purchasing initiatives et cetera.
Kai Pan: That's just related to the net IT investment impact.
Andy Watts: Yes only IT not any investments and that's what we talk about that when we did the year-end results over the ranges that we had given before.
Operator: We will go next Mark Hughes, SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Good morning. The strategic purchasing, it has always been my impression that you have a little bit more of a decentralized model. Is this something that you can repeat in future quarters, is this something there is going to be more of or conversely was this kind of a one quarter benefit? Would we see a similar benefit in coming quarters?
Powell Brown: Yes, well good morning Mark. Let me clarify, when we're doing our definition of strategic purchasing does not mean that we're doing centralized purchasing, we're not going away from our decentralized model. That is core to how we operate but what we're trying to be able to do is leverage our purchasing power as an organization for the benefit of all of our individual offices they still determine, what they buy and when they want to buy it. But we try to get the full power of Brown & Brown. Hopefully those will all continue as we keep going forward, we've been working on in for a while and we'll seek more opportunities in the future.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then in the claims area, I think you had suggested you are getting some good new clients but may be some of the volume from existing clients was slow and they are bringing some more that in-house. Could you kind of clarify what is happening there? Is it just a lower underlying level of claims because of the better economy perhaps?
Powell Brown: Yes, that's the right way to think about it Mark, yes. So the answer is think about a standard insurance company who has a large infrastructure that's already built in their claims management system, and in some instances, we're outsourcing on their behalf and if their claims activity in-house is down, then they may want to bring some of that back in-house until on which time the claims activity kind of bounce back up to more than normal levels for them.
Mark Hughes: Right. So new business is sort of offsetting that other underlying impact? Is that the right way to think about it?
Powell Brown: I think that's the right way to think about it.
Operator: And we'll have a follow-up from Quentin McMillan, KBW.
Powell Brown: Hello Quint?
Quentin McMillan: Sorry to have a follow-up. Can you guys just tell us what the CapEx number was in the quarter?
Andy Watts: I apologize; I don't have that right here in front of me, Quint. But will circle back and then I'll tell you what the number was so I don't have right here in front of me.
Quentin McMillan: No problem. I will shoot you a quick email. I just wanted to follow up on that. Thanks very much.
Andy Watts: Yes again let me just clarify for full-year purposes though, we have been saying somewhere around about $25 million and that kind of is our average over time $20 million to $25 million that's a good full-year estimate.
Operator: And Mr. Powell and Mr. Watts we have no further question in the queue at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to you for closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you very much, Shirlon, and thank you all very much. We look forward to talking to you next quarter and have a wonderful day. Good bye.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Watts - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Corp. Quint McMillan - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Nannizzi - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC.
Operator: Please standby. Good day and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated 2016 First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2016, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2016 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you Taylor. Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. Now lets jump right into it. I'm on Slide Four. We delivered $424.2 million of revenue for the quarter, growing 4.9% in total and 1.3% organically. Once again, each of our four divisions delivered organic growth and for the quarter, our EBITDAC margins remained steady. Contingents were $34.1 million, we delivered $0.44 per share for the quarter, which is an increase of 12.8% over the prior year. During the first quarter, we continue to talk with a number of acquisition prospects and we acquired three companies with annualized revenues of approximately $14.5 million. While valuations remain high and the acquisition marketplace continues to be very active, we're constantly evaluating organizations that fit culturally and makes sense financially. On Slide Five, we summarized the quarter as a continuation of what we experienced during much of 2015. Our customers continue with modest hiring construction appears to be picking up in a number of communities throughout the country, sales are up slightly and insurable value through increasing. As weve said before, this is not consistent in all industries or geography. This continued improvement in exposure units will be a driver of our organic growth going forward. It continues to be a very competitive market as our carrier partners are very focused on retaining all of their renewals. Rates remain under pressure with property being the most impacted. Coastal property continue to see rate declines of 15% to 25% down, which weve seen now for three renewal cycles in a row and we expected it to continue for the remainder of this year. The increase in exposure units has helped to offset some of this decline, but these rate decreases are putting pressure on all of our property businesses in retail, wholesale and national programs. From a retail perspective, we continue to see improvements in new business during the quarter across many geographies and industries, this is partially offset by the impact of declining rates and CAT property and to lost business. Management of healthcare cost remains front and center for our customers. Everyone is focused on how to best manage and share healthcare cost with their employees. ACA Reporting and Compliance remains the forefront for many of our customers and a concern for many of them was the completion of the first major ACA reporting requirement, which occurred at the end of the first quarter. We are going to continue to add a lot of interest from our risk bearers in our programs businesses. Our All New risk program is a good example of collaboration and design of a new program with our carrier partners. During the quarter, we had growth and positive momentum across many programs led by our (Linder Plates) [Ph] coverage programs and our Non-Standard Auto program. On a opposite end of the spectrum, we have programs continuing to face material headwind such as our Coastal Property Programs due to pricing declines or changes in the risk bearer appetite or both. The benefit of a broad and diverse nature of our programs across industries and geographies is that when there are few programs going down, others are hopefully and typically going up. In our wholesale business, Binding Authority and Professional Liability businesses continue to perform well as were writing more and more new business there. We are experiencing some rate pressure on Binding Authority as compared to prior years primarily in the property line. Were seeing some rate increases in certain lines of professional liability. As I said earlier, catastrophic property brokerage is under the most consistent rate pressure over the past two-years and we expect continued year-over-year downward rate pressure through the end of 2016. Now, I would like to take a moment and look at a historical perspective of property rates in Florida, over maybe the last 22 to 24-years. I will make a comment that in South East Florida today, rates for the similar properties in the last 22-years are at their lowest level since 1994. So if we go back in time, lets talk about kind of what occurred in that 22 or 24-years period. In 1992, as you know Hurricane Andrew hit South East Florida which made a dramatic change in the property marketplace restricting capacity significantly. We went from 1992 to 2004 and 2005 when we had multiple storms hit the State of Florida and as youve heard us talk about the Citizens Property Insurance Company which was the market of Last Resort in 2007 became the most competitive market. In 2007, it became the most competitive property market. So our market of Last Resort was writing new business out of the private market. Then in the last three-years, there have been several things that have occurred. Number one, there are a number of home owners depopulated in companies. They are taking policies out of the Citizens Property and Casualty Insurance company and they are writing homeowners are now expanding their risk appetite in to habitational defined as apartments and condominiums many of which are in coastal areas right on the water. Number one. Number two, there has been as weve talked about additional capitals that had come into the marketplace and finally our traditional carriers, some of those traditional carriers have had changes of appetite from a historical perspective, so they can participate in this marketplace. The reason I bring it all up, is I think you just need to be aware of it, because its continuing and as you know its been 11-years since we have had the last hurricane hit landfall in the State of Florida. Im 48-years old and I can tell you, I remember every hurricane that has hit the State of Florida in my life time and it usually is every 10 to 14-years. That is not saying that we think there is going to be a hurricane this year, but at a point in the future, there will be a wind event in Florida and that will intern modify or change the marketplace. With that, I would like to go back to our Services Division. During the first quarter, we acquired another Social Security Advocacy Claim business and our original business, existing business the Advocator continues to grow nicely by adding new clients. This division in services revenue were impacted by a decline in the first quarter of one of our TPA businesses that processes claims for weather related events. This business experienced very low claim activity as there were minimal storms and events during the quarter. We did experience an increase in reported claims late in the quarter from the March storms in Texas. So were expecting some revenue uptick in the second quarter as we complete the processing of claims. We also have experienced some declines in our Medicare set-aside businesses as there we lower claims volume in Q1. In summary, we view the first quarter positively, we continue to see improving activity in all of our divisions, our customers are feeling a bit more comfortable and we continue to deepen our relationship with our carrier partners. While not all of our efforts play out perfectly in our numbers every 90-days, we remain optimistic and focused on growing our business. Now, let me turn it over to Andy who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thank you Powell and good morning everyone. Lets look at our financial results a little bit closer. I'm going to talk about our key metrics for the quarter. Were on Slide Number Six, which presents our GAAP reported results. For the first quarter, we delivered 4.9% revenue growth and an organic growth rate of 1.3%. Our income before income taxes grew by 9.5% and increased by 100 basis points as a percentage of revenues. From the EBITDAC performance prospective which we define as net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and the change in estimated acquisition earn outs, our EBITDAC margin remains substantially flat to the prior year at 32.7%. Our EBITDAC margin was impacted by a credit for our stock incentive plan of approximately $3 million and a premium tax credit of also $3 million. Our net income improved by 9.1% as compared to the prior year and is slightly lower than pretax growth, due to the modest increase in our effective tax rate to 39.5% this year. As of now, we see 39.5% as a good estimate for the full-year 2016. As a reminder, we initiated a $75 million accelerated share repurchase program during the fourth quarter of 2015 and we completed it in January of this year. The final settlement was about 363,000 shares. As a result of our share buyback programs over the past year, we've reduced our weighted average shares outstanding in the first quarter by 3.2% versus the prior year and this is driving our diluted earnings per share to grow faster than our net income increasing by 12.8% over the prior year. With the completion of the $75 million program I just mentioned, we have a remaining authorization for share repurchases of $375 million. We did not repurchase any other shares during the quarter. As we said before, we do not buy certain dollar or percentage amount each quarter. Our goal is to balance our capital allocation across all options in order to drive the best long-term shareholder value. We also announced yesterday our quarterly dividend of $12.25 per share that was approved by our Board of Directors and represents an 11.4% increase over the prior year. Were going to move over to slide number seven. I would like to walk through the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter, our contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions are up about $900,000 as compared to the first quarter of last year. The increase in contingents is primarily in our retail division and they were down in our national programs division. Other revenues are up by about $1.3 million and these do fluctuate on a quarterly basis and in the first quarter of the prior year we had $1.4 million of revenue relate to businesses that weve since sold. For the first quarter, we recognized $14.3 million in revenue associated with acquisitions, we completed over the last twelve months. We isolate the four items above, in order to determine our organic revenue growth which was 1.3% for the quarter. We're going to move over to Slide Eight. Lets look at each of our divisions a little bit more closely, were going to start with retail. Over the last three months, our retail division has delivered 6.4% revenue growth with organic revenue growth of 70 basis points. Retails year-over-year EBITDAC margin declined by 90 basis points. From a margins standpoint we have two main drivers, first was the lower revenue for the quarter and the related flow through, which was partially offset by a gain on a sale of a book of business. The second drives was our continued investment in new teammates that we strive to do each quarter. As we mentioned previously, there may be times we have a temporary drag on margins. We may see these fluctuations during the remainder of the year based upon timing of new revenues and additional investments. Were going to move over to Slide Number Nine. For the quarter, total revenues for our National Programs division increased by 1.6% organically. During the quarter, our EBITDAC margin increased by a 160 basis points, this was driven by approximately $3 million of credits related to premium taxes. Excluding this benefit, there was decline in our margin that was driven by a few factors. First is the investment in our new All Risk programs that we announced in the fourth quarter of last year. We started accepting submissions in February of this year and were in the early days of building revenues. We do expect there would be a margin impact for a number of quarters until this program scales. The second driver is the downward impact of rate reductions in catastrophic property programs. Were going to move over to Slide Number 10. Our wholesale division had another good quarter reporting organic revenue growth of 3.4%. Our EBITDAC margins were 33.3%, which is a decline of 200 basis points from the prior year. This was driven by the previously noted rate decreases and investments in new teammates. We expect continued downward pressure on rates over the near to intermediate term, which will put pressure on margins while new brokers build their books. Were going to move to Slide Number 11. Services division, we delivered total revenue growth of 5.2% in organic - 1.2% for the quarter. For the first quarter, our Adjusted EBITDAC margin declined by 80 basis points. This was driven primarily by the lower volume of weather related property claims that were noted previously. Due to the flow of clam activity, organic growth and margins for our services division can fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Therefore, we focus upon trend of the underlying businesses rather than just one quarter. With that let me turn back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy. In closing, we remain optimistic about 2016 and the outlook for our company. The activity were seeing in our businesses and how were investing for the long-term will put us in a good position for the future. Our technology initiatives are moving forward and we look forward for these to gain more momentum this year. As I mentioned earlier, we do expect rates for 2016 remain under pressure most notably catastrophic property. From an M&A perspective, the activity in the industry is not slowing. While valuations remain high, we continue to look for company that fit culturally and make sense financially. We are as you know, patience and disciplined. So performance will more than likely not happen overnight. So our culture and our capital deployment strategy will help us drive long-term shareholder value. Now, lets turn it over to Q&A. Taylor, Ill let you open it up.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you. So the first question on the organic growth, it looks like the property has been a drag for the overall organic growth. Could you quantify like how much of your property business a percentage of your commissions, either overall or by segment and also how much drag the property business on the quarter's organic growth?
Andrew Watts: Okay. So we dont have it broken out exactly in retail in that segment, but I would tell you, we've spoken about this before and we think its probably 20% both on individual property or in packages, thats roughly, but if you look in certain offices in Southeast Florida, they could have very high concentration in condominium and apartment books. Number one. Number two in our E&S, our wholesale segment, the vast majority I would say that numbers about 65% to 70% of that is related to property. Now when I say property thats brokerage property and binding authority property. Binding authority property is under pressure, brokerage property is under what we would call extreme pressure down 15%, 25% and you heard me talk about the historical perspective in Florida. In terms of our program business, we have several large programs FIU being one, Sigma being another, the Catastrophic or the DIC, Difference In Condition programs both commercial and personal residential in California are big programs that have been affected as well, which we would be competing directly in the phase of that E&S marketplace. So it has had an impact overall, but thats not the only reason thats part of it.
Kai Pan: So what are the other reasons?
Andrew Watts: I said alluded to earlier that in Q1 we had some offices, we wrote a lot of new business and not all of that new business comes in, in the quarter, so it comes in maybe ratably or in some instances different times over the year, but we experience some more loss business than historical norms and certain offices. And that could be as a result of companies being acquired, it could be a loss in relationship where these buyer as there has been a change in the buyer at the insurance office or something of that nature. But weve had a number of offices, which historically have very high retention ratios where they may have been affected by one or two large accounts that were loss. And there is not something that I can point to in particular, meaning saying this is a trend because of that. It is more a combination of acquired, we call it lost relationship in terms of in a property market, I mean in a market like this and as you probably saw in business insurance more recently, the property casualty insurance company many of them or just struggling to keep their premium volume flat somewhere down. And in that kind of market, sometimes they do squarely thing, squarely things could be defined as writing policies that are longer than 12 months, i.e. 15 or 18 months, shorter than that i.e. eight months to get them out of wind season or do something that over a long period of time they wouldnt support from a pricing standpoint. But on a short-term basis one year, two years they would do.
Kai Pan: So if we characterize, those are sort of one-off rather than sort of general trend.
Andrew Watts: Thats correct. I mean, like I said, I'm making a comment that I believe that weve had more loss business in some of our strong offices in the first quarter than we have historically. I could say that categorically and those are the reasons why.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. That is great. And then my second question is on the margin front. I want to sort of highlight two things. One is your investment in the teams. Just wonder how much investment is that and what do you expect on the margin impact? Then the second item is on the IT expense. Last quarter you highlighted that you are going to spend $30 million to $40 million over time to sort of improve the IT system and so just wonder how much that budget had been spent in this quarter? Thank you.
Powell Brown: Okay so relative to the margin impact in the investment of people. Kai as you know, we have overtime allocated a portion of our revenues to subsidize or sponsor, not subsidize sponsor hires in offices to incent offices to hire new people and when you hire somebody that has no insurance background to get them launched, its usually a two, three or four year period in production at a minimum. And so were making investments not just in retail, which is that period, where a ramp up period might be a little quicker in wholesale, but we made investments in our programs space as Andy and I leaded to in our All Risk program as a newbie. This is what I want to make sure you know about margin compression. I'll let Andy talk about IT but there are really three components, if I look at the aggregate impact on our margins in Q1. Number one, in our services division as you heard me say, we have a third-party administrator which their claims volume was down dramatically due to the lack of weather related events in the first quarter thats number one. Number two, we've talked about growth in some of our programs but impact or competitive pressures on some of our larger very established very good programs in our costal property. So CAT programs are down and the margins in some of those are higher than those at which that have grown on the top-line in CAT property and the final thing is new teammates, which we talked about first as evidenced by not only All Risk as a new De Novo startup, but continuing to invest in offices in new hires and retail, wholesale and programs. So with that Andy, I'll turn it over to you.
Andrew Watts: Good morning Kai. From a IT prospective if you remember back when we talked about this at the end of the last year. We said that we would spend the $30 million to $40 million and we gave a range for this year, we said we should have a margin impact of anywhere from 40 to 50 basis points based upon how you know fast were able to ramp the programs. As it relates to the first quarter, there were some modest investments, we are just kind of getting these off and getting them going, so that will probably continue to build during the year, but no sizable or major numbers in the first quarter, but the range is still good for you.
Kai Pan: Great. So just follow on that do you expect you can sort of maintain the margin, you are at pretty good margin right now given these two investments in new hiring and potential IT investments?
Andrew Watts: Let me cover the IT first piece. What we said at the end of the year on it Kia is that our long-term rate that we would expect to operate inside was around 33 to 35 and when we gave the guidance we said while were going through the IT investment we would expect for margins to drop down by in this example lets say 50 basis points and then were on the back end of the program, we got those back. Okay so I just wanted to make sure we are clear on that piece.
Powell Brown: And it relates to the margin maintenance, what weve said historically and we would maintaining the position is, in an environment where rates are going down somewhat reasonably we think that we can grow organically and maintain or in some instances grow the margin depending on the quarter. But if you go into a situation where there was a continued precipitous fall kind of across the board in rates which we dont see right now, but that would put pressure on the margins.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much for all the answers.
Powell Brown: Yep.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. I wanted to also touch on the organic revenue growth especially within the retail segment just given the slowdown we saw in the quarter. And I know last quarter on the call you guys had spoken just starting to see a positive benefit of some of the realignment in that segment. So how are those initiatives going and what was the impact in Q1? And then also is there any way to break out the organic revenue growth within the retail segment that you saw within the employee benefits business as opposed to the rest of the book?
Andrew Watts: First thing Elyse is Im pleased, were pleased and Im pleased with the initiatives that were working on and like I said, it doesnt happen overnight number one. In terms of retail, as I said to Kai earlier, I would attribute the performance in retail to some more loss business than historical in certain offices, and those are in offices that have historically very high retention ratios and so those could be attributable to acquisitions. Those that mean business in our insurers are being acquired, it could be a loss of relationship as I said or a carrier doing something very, very unusual, which may not be sustainable in terms of market product and it could be for 12 months period or something less than or greater than that. As it relates to our employee benefits business, we do not breakout our organic growth for employee benefits versus P&C. However, we have historically talked about the fact that our employee benefits business is about a $260 million business in aggregate. We have talked about that in the past. So I dont know if that answered your question exactly, but gave you kind of a benchmark.
Elyse Greenspan: Has anything changed? I mean I know we are sitting here on April 19, but being a little bit into the second quarter, has anything changed in terms of what you are seeing in terms of new or lost business in some of these offices?
Andrew Watts: You are just talking about overall business?
Elyse Greenspan: Yes, overall or retail specific as well.
Andrew Watts: Yes. like I said, I dont think you can say that lost business and very establish longstanding offices in several of those offices in one quarter makes a trend. So it is I mean Q2 now and it is a little early to see and I wouldnt want to project a trend one way or the other, but I fully anticipate that in the offices that I'm talking about that their retention will be higher and towards more historic levels in the future.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of margins, I know you guys pointed out a few items including the credit for the stock incentive plans, a premium tax credit as well as you had a disposal of business in Q1. So if we back out those three items, I mean the margins did contract close to maybe those three items benefited by about 200 basis points, maybe a little bit less. So is there anything as we think forward in terms of the out quarters of this year where you might expect different margin trends? I guess some of the weather related businesses will run at higher margins but anything else in terms of modeling how we should think about the margins coming in different towards the later part of this year?
Andrew Watts: No. In aggregate Elyse I dont think so. I do think that the GPA weather related events creates a little bit of lumpiness, so I know that that's not easy for you, you collectively all of you to model. So, I would just say that be mindful that that's not just in this one segment, we have some of that in right, we have some of that we have it in other segments so that's number one. Number two I think is the CAT property pressure is real, so remember there are it obviously has been, but it is and so what you are seeing as you are seeing some established larger programs that maybe have a little bit different margin profile in some of those that are growing. Some of those that are growing have good margins too, dont get me wrong, but that has impacted our margins and we are going to continue to invest in teammates. And so when I say that we always look for good people that fit big culturally at Brown & Brown and so we hire people sometimes when we so called dont need them in an office in anticipation of growing the business down the road. And as I said, the timeframe to get someone launched might be two, three, four years and so there is a long incubation period if you want to call it that or ramp up period.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then one last question. Do you have an outlook for how to the contingent commissions might flow in for the rest of the year?
Powell Brown: Hi. Elyse. No we dont I mean that's the one that we just dont have any visibility into the contingence on those. So I think in the current environment I guess the only thing we would say is we wouldnt expect [form] [Ph] to be going up.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Watts: Sure.
Powell Brown: Thanks Elyse.
Operator: And will take our next question from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning. Thank you. I would like to dig in a little more on the investments in teammates across the divisions and what kind of overall margin impact. I appreciate that training people, getting them up to speed, being productive members takes time but there really seems to be some kind of a change over call it the last year where we are now identifying hiring new people as a seemingly unusual expense. How should we think about that? I guess if I think of a growing business, adding people, training them, getting them up to speed is the normal course of action and wouldn't be thought of as unusual in the sense that we are identifying it as a margin drag. And why wouldn't we think this is just a perpetual piece of a growing franchise? I guess if we could talk about the number of people you are talking about or what the discrete margin impact is of those people this quarter and how it should roll through if it is a three- or four-year timeframe? I guess that is just - maybe I am missing something. I'd appreciate any help on that.
Andrew Watts: Okay. So Charles, you are correct and saying a normal course of business. If you continue to hire and train and recruit people, so that is correct. And when you are in a business like ours, where its all human capital 98% lets call it. When you acquire businesses or in acquired businesses, you have sometimes people that are going to retire or want to do something else, or in existing businesses, we have this evolution of our workforce. And so having said that yes we talk about a traditional investment in producers or service teammates or marketing teammates, but what Im saying is the traditional, the excess investments where we can export talent to offices that need it that dont have it or were trying to invest in that area. And so I think youre exactly correct. You are not incorrect in your first observation. The second thing that I would say, is that we and some of the investment community have given us a little brief in terms of acquisitions and/or the lower number of acquisitions this year or last year. And what we've said historically is, number one, were going to do three things with the money that we make. Number one, were going to invested new teammates. And in doing that, that is one of our strategies in terms of growing our business organically. Number two, were going to acquire businesses to fit culturally and make sense financially. And number three, we can return to shareholders, which weve done through as you know our dividend increases and our share repurchases. So I think the point that were tapping on Charles is this. We are continuing to invest for the future, Im not talking about the normal office hiring one person or two persons that they might hire each year. Im talking about hiring more people as we can see grow and as we become bigger for not only operation that we have today, but operations that are really forthcoming.
Charles Sebaski: Can we get some idea of scale? I guess if you said in the third quarter of last year we hired 250 new people that would be considered excess and those 250 people have a three-year run rate, we could at least understand what there is. It just seems to be that there is this talking that you guys are identifying this investment excess of the normal business operations. But I guess is it ongoing? Was this something that happened one point a few quarters ago and now we have this three-year build up or is this excess investment something that is happening this quarter, last quarter, it will happen next quarter until we what is the level you need to get at? What is the level of excess investment from a normal operating perspective that we are talking about? I guess that is what I'm trying to understand better.
Andrew Watts: Hey Charles maybe, I'll see if we can give a little bit of kind of frame into this. The reason why we havent broken out the exact amount and this is why we've given a range on the margins of the 33 to 35 that we can operate inside of. But some of these areas that - the reason why were calling amount. Powell mentioned earlier about the investment in our All Risk program is an example of where were investing. So you know we've hired a team inside of there up and going, but we havent generated any revenues towards - very, very small revenues today that will build overtime. If you remember in the second quarter of last year, we talked about building out our service centers, thats another type of examples. And all of these maybe or smaller not so like one individual coming and say well, thats a big component to it, but if you add up a number of them, they do add up underneath there. And thats why we say it can moderate back and forth but the goal in all of this is we want to make that we can continue to drive organic growth and make sure its good profitable growth for as an organization.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. Is there currently - I mean those are all things that happened in the past. Are you still making investments in talent that would be considered excess today?
Andrew Watts: Yes and we will continue to in the future.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent.
Andrew Watts: We've made specific investments in our wholesale business in the first quarter and those brokers will come online. We did this again just for reference, this is why in our commentary Charles we said that things - our margins can flow up and down and fill back to the first half of 2014. Its exactly what happened there right, the margins came down in wholesale and then they rebounded back in later quarter, so they can move around overtime.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I appreciate the answers. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question Quint McMillan - KBW.
Quint McMillan: Thanks very much, guys. I just wanted to check on the capital management in terms of you guys completed the $75 million accelerated share repurchase in January. Has the Board discussed the potential for the next accelerated share repurchase program and what would be the indicators of when timing-wise you might want to do that as opposed to being next quarter or 12-months from now? Is there anything that makes you in a better position or want to start a new one?
Powell Brown: Quintan as you remember we talk about capital allocation with our board all the time, as it related to whether were going to buy agencies or buy agencies and invest in people or return it to share holders. And what we do is we constantly evaluate the investment option of buying ourselves versus buying additional agencies or investing it in people of which were doing all of the above or have done all the above over last 12-months. So well continue to talk to the board about it we dont have as Andy said a stated buyback amount by quarter nor a stated amount would be so called ASR or certain threshold, we continue to evaluate it all times.
Quint McMillan: Okay, great. Thanks. Just to touch on the margin, Andy, you talked about obviously getting back to the 33% to 35% long-term margin after the IT spending is kind of paying you guys back. Can you give us underlying thoughts in terms of what you mean by that in terms of - does GDP growth depending on which said governor you are listening to is about 1% right now. You are talking about rates flat to down 10% and some of the property CAT lines down 15% to 25%. In this environment, do you get back to that 33% to 35% margin or does something need to change?
Powell Brown: Ill take it. The answer to the question is we can, like I said I told you why retail organic growth was impacted in Q1. Having said that if they are continues to be - our business Quintan is exposure unit or exposure basis driven payroll, sale, number of automobiles. So I call it the GDP of the middle-market economy, not national GDP, the middle-market economy. So if you go to Miami and you look at what being built in South Beach, you would be amazed with a 15 cranes in the sky, but if you go to some place like another town in Oklahoma may be the economy is not doing as well as an example. So the rate environment currently borrowing a precipitous fall in rates meaning more than were seeing in the other lines of business, we believe that we can, knowing that we are going to start incurring some expenses, you probably need to adjust for the expenses with the technology as some of those come on in a near to in immediate term. But as weve said, I think Charles asked about do we continue to invest in people, we want to continue to invest in people, were going to continue to do that and I believe that margin is definitely achievable.
Quint McMillan: Okay, that is great. Just a follow-up on that though. In terms of our middle-market economic growth and the exposure growth, can you talk about the exposure growth trend? You talked to about some of your clients now seeing some hiring, that has been a trend we have been seeing maybe for the last 12-months plus. Was it better this quarter than it was last quarter or has it been sequentially improving or sort of staying in a similar place?
Powell Brown: I think its sort of thing in a similar place as we talked about, as were seeing kind of parts and flashes of 2015. Thats how I would describe it.
Quint McMillan: Great, thanks very much guys.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much. Good morning. The $3 million credit for stock incentive program, was that the net impact of the program in the quarter so it was a $3 million credit?
Andrew Watts: It was Mark, $3 million and just represented final true-up for some investment that have we made at the end of last year.
Mark Hughes: And then I think you had given guidance about $23 million to $26 million for the full year. Where does that stand now?
Andrew Watts: Its still a good estimate on the range and as you probably saw and as we talked about when we released the year-end earnings, weve combined non cash stock compensation with compensation and benefits now as one line item for the fact that were on annual grants at this stage. So that what we used to have historically of doing this kind of low larger brands every two and a half years, put some ups and downs and the numbers with trust in volatility hard to understand. With annual, we dont think thats necessary anymore.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then a premium tax refund, was that a revenue item or was it some sort of contra expense item?
Andrew Watts: Contra expense. Other expense.
Mark Hughes: Okay, so it just flowed through below the line, not the top line?
Andrew Watts: Correct.
Mark Hughes: And then the share count in 2Q, what should we sort of start at would you say? Is it similar to Q1?
Andrew Watts: Sorry, one more time Mark.
Mark Hughes: The share count, should it be similar to Q1 and Q2 given that the accelerated buyback was done in January?
Andrew Watts: Yes. The weighted average at the end of Q1 thats pulled down a little for those 363,000 shares that we completed. But thats probably a good marker for the second quarter borrowing any other purchases.
Mark Hughes: And then one final question, professional liabilities, you said rates might be up in certain areas. Any specifics on that, any professional liability lines that were better?
Powell Brown: So well I mean if you think about it and we've talked a lot about it at overtime. Employment practices liability continues to be a challenge in certain classes of business. So there could be certain classes of D&O that is under pressure, but at the end of the day it's spotty. What we are trying to say is that's one of the segment, commercial auto and professional liability are two areas that are more flat to up ever so slightly. Commercial auto in particular, because they are running temperatures with most of the carriers. If you talk to most of the standard carriers their auto and personal lines are running temperatures.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: And will take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. Just a couple of clarifications. Andy, the gain that you mentioned in retail, Im not sure, did you quantify what that was in terms of the benefit to margins in that segment?
Andrew Watts: No. We didnt. It's under our couple of million dollars.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So that is a few basis points on margin.
Andrew Watts: Yes. You can see most of it right in the income statement, it doesnt all fit there but most of it does.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Where? You said where in the income statement?
Andrew Watts: Yes. Just go to the income statement where its got the gain losses right there.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Sure. Got it. Okay. And then just on the infrastructure spend, so is it fair to assume - I think you had said that you expected to spend that $40 million or so over the year or this year but didn't spend a lot in the first quarter. Does that mean that we should assume that $40 million will now get spent ratably over the remainder of the year so maybe whatever that margin impact was it will be a little bit higher on the rest of the year's margin basis? Is that fair?
Andrew Watts: Yes, let me clarify. Just may because this be an important point. As we had said 30 million to 40 million over a two or three-year period not in one year Michael.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Andrew Watts: Yes and we said that around a 40 to 50 basis point impact this year.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay so that's still sort of within the range then.
Andrew Watts: Yes, still a good range that we see right now.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. As far as the margins in the program segment, so that $3 million is a full benefit to the margin so is that right that that margins in that segment would have been closer to like a 32? Is that right?
Andrew Watts: Correct.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then we have talked a little bit about property. I think you guys sort of highlighted that. I mean is there a way to think about every 100 basis points of property rate and what that means to your business? Because I was just trying to figure out how much of a headwind might that be for you guys if that trend remains in place for the rest of the year?
Andrew Watts: No Michael that really isnt and we havent quantified that because what you are seeing is, remember we talked a lot about catastrophic property, but that doesnt mean that traditional Inland property isnt ultra competitive. And so some carriers as you know want to play in areas where the rate online is higher, which might be in a CAT prone area, whereas other carriers have a risk appetite that says we dont want to play in let's say coastal property, but we want to play on Inland properties. So all of the sudden that becomes competitive and their perception of risk is maybe different at one carriers versus another, meaning rate online, what they want to put in their portfolio, all that other stuff. So I dont want to just give you the impression. We talked about property in terms of CAT property because if prices are down dramatically that does not mean that Inland property is are not very competitive and we see sometimes people do crazy things there too, but no we have not given any guidance on that.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then I guess just to bring it all together, it looks like we have got some sort of investments - I mean Charles alluded to the headcount scaling up front that you are doing maybe ahead of some growth and then we have obviously got the infrastructure spend. It looks like on the quarter that your margin when you adjust for some of those tailwinds, Andy, that you are below that 33% to 35% range. So is it only until after we digest the infrastructure spend and then scale up some of these businesses where you are doing the hiring that that 33% to 35% is reasonably attainable or are there things that can happen ahead of that that can help us get into that range?
Powell Brown: Can I take that Michael for just a second?
Michael Nannizzi: Sure.
Powell Brown: Lets make sure that and we tried to articulate this. That some of our businesses that are impacted are higher margin businesses than others or there is a growth in a business, which might be a De Novo business like a program that we start. So as I said earlier and this is not an excuse, this is a statement of fact. One, we had a services business, a TPA that had very limited claims activity, which impacted our margins. Two, CAT property programs, which are higher margin businesses than number one a start-up, but two, some of those programs that were growing nicely in Q1. And three would be the investment in new teammates. So I dont want to say that its just investment in new teammates, because just like anything else, some parts of your business are under constant attack and then others might be moving right along nicely. We just happen to have a lot of segments that are - two or three segments meaning in particular services piece and in our CAT programs, that have been under competitive pressure and we think that will continue for a while. So to answer your question, our margins maybe like that if we continue to have results like we've just outlined in those three segments. That is not what we want thats not what you want and we dont manage our business that way, but we intend over a long period of time for it to work out.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question Ryan Byrnes with Janney.
Ryan Byrnes: Thanks, good morning, everybody. Just had a clarification question on the $3 million non-cash comp swing for the true up of 2015. Was that independent of the first quarter 2016 or was that just the net impact for the quarter?
Andrew Watts: That was independent of the 2016.
Ryan Byrnes: Okay. So there was a non-cash comp charge for 2016? Okay.
Andrew Watts: Yes, there was.
Ryan Byrnes: Great. And then secondly, just had a question on the mechanism of buybacks. It seems like you guys have a strong preference for accelerated share repurchases. Just want to get your thoughts there and I guess if there was a big market downturn, could you guys be flexible enough and nimble enough to buy outside of an accelerated share repurchase? Just want to get your philosophy on that.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Ryan, when we think about at least the mechanisms for buybacks. And the reason why we generally trend towards ASRs is, we think there are very efficient way in which to buy shares back out of the marketplace. It does give us a upfront share pop, which we like as part of the program allow just to buy through blackouts et cetera so they can run. And it puts ultimate execution back on whoever the agent is. Thats what they do everything and thats why we prefer and we think there are a cost effective way to go. That doesnt mean that thats the only way that we would ever buy shares back in the marketplace. So were always looking at different opportunities and different programs that are out there. If there ever was a significant dislocation in our market value or price, we would look at the appropriate options that are out there irrespective of any of them, you still got all of the 10b-18 rules that you still have to comply with so.
Ryan Byrnes: Great. Thanks for the color guys.
Andrew Watts: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you for the follow-up. Just large picture question. We have seen some technology startup companies getting into the distribution for business insurance starting from employee benefits now expanding into some of the property and casualty insurance. Just get your view on these sort of potentially emerging trends and any sort of initiative on your side you think you could plan for that? Thanks.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Kai, as you have seen and read, some of these technology backed companies are very well funded and some of them are coming either to a stop or they are going through gyrations. And what I would say is this. Do we believe that there could be a segment of small commercial purchase online? And the answer is yes, that could be the case. And the carriers are careful about what I would call comparison shopping. So if you have model, which actually lets you basically compare three companies, standard companies that you know by name against each other and their small business units, they dont like that, because they try to differentiate their product on coverage and service and which some can and do. But in that instance when you have an online rater, many times you just stacking and lump against each other and it is a spreadsheet. That said, what we found whether it would be in personal lines or in small commercial. There are certain complexities that come with risk particularly as you as an individual or as an business start to accumulate assets which they may not be familiar with the coverages that would be appropriate and so there is a possibility that they have what I call coverage is stripped down that maybe cheaper, cheaper, cheaper. But they maybe buying a Yugo as opposed to a Chevrolet or a Cadillac. And so and do they actually know the difference in the coverages and so I'm not aware of anything yet that does not mean that we are dismissing that out of hand quite the contrary, and we think about how technology can play a role in our small business units as well and as we invest in our personal lines business which is actually a $90 million business as you know. What we say so far though, so far is the technology companies that I'm aware of, they have done a good job of sizzle in terms of the marketing but I dont think that they have done as well a job in the execution of the plan where they are able to make money over a period of time. So it doesnt mean somebody is not going to do that, it just means that we continue to watch it carefully and whether it was the online benefits related company or when Google started trying to - the search engine I should say started looking into selling coverage online and then has pulled back from some of that. We watch with great interest, but we are thinking about how we invest in our small commercial from a technology standpoint in personal lines independent of that.
Kai Pan: That is great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And well take our next question from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: Thanks for letting me in one more time. Two quick ones. One, just adding up the one-time events in the quarter and I just want to make sure I have something right. There was a $3 million tax benefit, a $3 million stock compensation benefit and a $1.4 million gain on sale. Do I have those numbers correct?
Andrew Watts: Yes, the first two correct on it Charles and then we said that again on the sale was just a little under $2 million.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. And then additionally, just wanted to - I know it is early and this just happened on the claims, the TPA business on what is going on in Texas with the flooding. Wondering what you guy's footprint is there and you are already seeing that that is obviously a concern for everything that is going on but something where we could see an effect in the second quarter given the scale of what is happening there?
Powell Brown: Yes, the answer is we have had some activity, but once again things kind of evolve overtime, so you have immediate claims and then you have things that sort of roll in as well and so we would say that the magnitude of the impact were not fully - we dont know the full impact yet, its too early, but we can just tell you that we've had a good number of claims already.
Charles Sebaski: Okay./
Andrew Watts: There is really kind of two storms there, if you go back there was the mid to late March hailstorms in Texas and with that drove also some other damage. So we've got claims of that and then obviously we've got the most recent flooding thats going on just over the last couple of days and as Powell mentioned those - they kind of build overtime, so its hard to determine what it will look like right now, but we are starting to get some claims in.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. Thank you very much for fitting me back in.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Andrew Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions, but as a reminder again [Operator Instructions].
A - Powell Brown: Okay. Thank you all very much and we look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter. have a wonderful day.
Andrew Watts: Thank you line.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - CFO 
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Quint McMillan - KBW Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital Jeff Schmitt - William Blair
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. 2015 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter of 2015, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter of 2015 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings call. Id like to start on slide 4; we delivered 404.7 million of revenue for the quarter, growing 3% in total and 2.5% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth again this quarter and our retail division saw continued improvement. We delivered $0.41 per share for the quarter and $0.38 on an adjusted basis, which is an increase of 5.6% over the prior year on that adjusted basis, due to materiality of the acting re-disposable in Q4 of 14, along with adjustment for non-cash stock based compensation last year and this quarter, we will primarily focus on a discussion of adjusted earnings as believe this provides a more meaningful comparison of the results of our operations to the prior year. Andy will walk you through more detail on the financial slides later in this discussion. In the fourth quarter of 15 we acquired four agencies with annual revenues of approximately $17 million. Our total for 2015 was 54 million of annual acquired revenue. We continue to look for organizations that fit culturally and make sense financially, while the acquisition market place continues to be very active and prices remain high. For the full year, we delivered 1.661 billion of revenue growing 5.4% and 2.6% organically with growth realized across all divisions.  As part of our capital allocation plan, we invested in new team mates, made a number of acquisitions and bought back our stock which reduced our weighted average share count by 1.9% versus the full year in 2014. Our earnings per share for the year were $1.70 and $1.67 on an adjusted basis through the items noted previously. Andy will describe the underlying performance in more detail later.  Im now on slide 5, with 2015 in the books and another year without a major hurricane hitting the US, theres a lot of excess capital out there. Rates for admitted markets generally flat to down 5%. The only exception is for commercial auto thats flat to up 5%, but that depends on loss experienced on the account.  We continue to see excess and surplus line rates down 5% to 15% with cat property being down the most. Also we didnt recognize any real impact on premium rates because of the sad 25 basis points increase in the fourth quarter. Generally speaking where its very similar to what we saw in Q3. In summary, we view the fourth quarter as a good quarter and as we realized continued improvement in all of our divisions and were seeing initial improvements from the retail realignment. We are optimistic about how the company is positioned for increasing organic and profitable growth. Now let me turn it over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Thank you Powell and good morning everyone. Lets first discuss our financial results and key metrics for the quarter and then well recap our full year results. On slide 6, this shows our GAAP reported results for the fourth quarter, which as Powell mentioned earlier, reflects certain large items primarily the $47.4 million pretax loss on the sale of Axiom Re in the fourth quarter of last year, and credits related to non-cash stock based compensation in the fourth quarter of last year and this year, which Ill explain these in more detail later.  During the quarter, we continued buying our shares and entered in to a $75 million accelerated share repurchase program, which was completed in January of this year, with a final settlement of just under 400,000 shares.  As a result of our share buyback programs, which totaled 175 million over the past 12 months, we reduced our outstanding share count in the fourth quarter by 2.2% versus the prior year. As of today, we have $375 million of authorization for share buybacks under the $400 million approval received from the Board of Directors in July of 2015.  We will continue to evaluate share repurchases, along with other options for deploying to drive shareholder returns including the dividend increase we announced last quarter, which represents the 22nd consecutive year of dividend increases.  Moving over to slide 7, this presents our adjusted numbers after removing the impact of the Axiom Re loss last year of 47.4 million and the non-cash stock based compensation credit that were reported in the fourth quarter of last year for a total of $5.9 million and $8.1 million in the fourth quarter of this year.  The $8.1 million credit for non-cash stock based compensation was a result of forfeitures for certain grants where performance conditions were not fully achieved. Removing these adjustments, we believe provides for a better comparison of underlying performance.  For the quarter, we delivered 3% revenue growth and grew organically in all four divisions with a total organic growth rate of 2.5%. Our adjusted pretax income increased year-over-year by 5.4%. This larger rate of growth as compared to revenue was primarily driven by reduction in amortization and depreciation expense due to assets being fully depreciated.  Interest expense is down slightly year-over-year as we paid down about $45 million of debt during the last 12 months. Our adjusted EBITDAC for the fourth quarter was a $125 million compared to 121.6 million last year, an increase of 2.8%. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin was steady compared to the prior year despite lower contingency commissions of $2.5 million. Adjusted net income increased by 1.1%, which is slightly lower than that of pretax income, which is driven by our 39% effective tax rate this quarter or in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus 36.4% in the fourth quarter of last year.  Please note that the Q4 2014 tax rate was impacted by the loss recorded on the disposal of Axiom Re last year, and the 2015 effective rate has been impact primarily by the new unitary tax final requirements in New York State which we have discussed during previous calls.  Our full year affective tax rate for 2015 was 39.6% which is just below the range we had previously given, and was impacted by income [estimate] based on the fourth quarter performance. We expect our effective tax rate for 2016 to be in the range of 39.5% to 39.7%, and are continuing to seek opportunities to manage our effective and cash tax rate.  Our adjusted earnings per share increased to $0.38 or 5.6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2014.  Moving on to slide 8, Id like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. In the quarter our contingencies and guaranteed supplemental commissions are down about 2.5 million as compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This decrease was primarily in our National Programs division. Other revenues are down by 2.2 million, due to gains realized on divestitures in 2014. As a reminder, we started recording in the fourth quarter of 2014 the net gains and losses on divestitures in the expense section of our income statement.  For the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an expense of $700,000. From a year-on-year comparative, we had a net decrease of $2.9 million related to gains on divestitures. For the fourth quarter, we recognized an $11.7 million increase in revenue associated with acquisitions completed over the 12 months and a $4.6 million decrease in revenues from disposed businesses over the last 12 months. Our organic revenue growth for the quarter was 2.5%. The drivers of this growth by division will be discussed next.  Our as reported EBITDAC margin increased to 32.9% from 20.4% in 2014. In order to arrive at comparative numbers, weve removed the loss on the sale of Axiom Re and the credits for non-cash stock based compensation, which results in flat margins year-over-year for the quarter. We know everyones going to ask about non-cash stock based compensation outlook; well come back to this later in the presentation as we talk about certain other items. On to slide 9 and moving from the total review of our company, well discuss each of our divisions in more detail. Lets start by looking at retail; over the last three months, our retail division has delivered 7.8% revenue growth, the organic revenue growth for the quarter is 1.9%, which shows a continued trend of improvement.  Retails year-over-year EBITDAC margin increased by 460 basis points. However, when adjusted for the Q4 2015 SIP credit described earlier along with losses recorded on the sale of two offices reported in the fourth quarter of 2014, our adjusted EBITDAC margins increased by 60 basis points. Here are a few of the items driving retail results for the quarter: internal growth was fuelled by increases in new business which was higher than last years performance and an improvement in net retained business. As we have noted throughout the year, thereve been changes in the State of Washingtons regulation regarding bonafide associations that resulted in several of our association health plans terminating as they were determined to be non-qualified.  The changes continue to impact our revenue growth for the fourth quarter with the revenue loss impacting overall retail organic growth by about 20 basis points for the quarter and 40 basis points for the full year. As a reminder, the total annual impact was approximately $3.5 million. Since were not on a comparable basis, we do not expect this type of downward pressure in 2016.  For the quarter, our employee benefits business grew nicely, with our large employee benefits business performing better on an organic basis, due to a combination of new business, rate increases and some payroll expansion. Conversely, our small group businesses declined slightly.  We define small employee benefits as employers with less than 100 employees. For this segment we are continue to see companies be very focused on managing their costs and trying to understand the implementation complexities of ACA, specifically how they manage costs via exchanges and/or private plan. Shifting to property rates, coastal or cat property renewal rates are continuing to decline 15% to 25%. Weve been two years of renewals at these ranges and dont expect this trend to materially change in 2016. Non-GAAP property renewal rates continue downward for admitted markets and are generally flat to down 5%. The 60 basis points margin on an adjusted basis can be attributed to the incremental improvement in organic growth along with continued disciplined expense management. For clarity, we do expect that margins can moderate between quarters based upon on investments or variable costs so please do not project or expect these type increases every quarter. Moving over to slide 10, our National Program divisions total revenues decreased by 6% related to the divestiture of ICG in the fourth quarter of last year and Acumen Re in the first quarter of 2015.  For the quarter, our organic revenues increased by 2.4% and adjusted EBITDAC margins increased by 20 basis points. For the quarter, we realized solid growth in our lender place coverage business, as we continue to benefit from the addition of new customers.  While theres a lot of positive news across many of our programs, we do have a few programs facing material premium rate declines, including our Florida coastal property programs and California earthquake programs. And during the fourth quarter, we announced the launching of a new All-Risk program and well be writing business effective February 1. On to slide 11, our wholesale division had another really good quarter reporting organic growth of 6.2%. The differential between organic revenue and total revenues related to the sale of Axiom Re that we completed in the fourth quarter of last year.  The binding authority and brokerage businesses both contributed to the positive results for the fourth quarter and we continue to see growth across most business lines. This continued growth was achieved even while facing major downward pressure on coastal property rates in the range of 15% to 25%.  After removing the loss on the sale of Axiom Re last year, the wholesale division delivered EBITDAC margin improvement of 460 basis points. The primary drivers of this improvement are revenue expansion, continued expense management and increase in continued commissions and a favorable year-over-year change in foreign currency movement.  We would not expect to see this type of quarterly margin improvement for the business, as it does fluctuate on a quarterly basis.  Moving on to slide 12, which is a services division, we delivered organic growth of 1.2% for the quarter. This growth is driven primarily by our social security advocacy claims processing business that continues to add new clients.  For the fourth quarter our adjusted EBITDAC margin declined 180 basis points. This was driven by lower referrals in our Medicare Set-aside business and a lower volume of property claims. During the quarter we disposed of our colonial claims business, due to the low activity on claims in 2015, there is minimal revenue and margin impact for the quarter or the year.  On to slide 13, we wanted to provide an adjusted view of our full year results in order to help you with your models for 2016. Our GAAP earnings are presented in our press release and the reconciliations are included later in this deck. From a revenue perspective, we grew by $84.8 million or 5.4% and organically we grew 2.6%. From an EBITDAC perspective, when we adjust for the Axiom Re loss and the credits for non-cash stock based compensation, our margins decreased by 40 basis points. This was primarily driven by continuing commissions being down about $6 million versus the prior years, which had an impact on our margins of about 25 basis points and net gains on disposals were $4.4 million, lower than the prior year, which impacted margins by about 15 basis points. On an underlying basis, margins were flat, even while we made incremental investments and revenue producing teammates in the second half of 2014 and had a full year effect of these investments in 2015. We believe it is our disciplined approach to managing cost that it ensures, we maintain industry leading margins.  Finally, our earnings per share increased to $1.67, a 2.5% increase which was primarily impacted by the year-on-year incremental interest expense of $9.8 million or an equivalent of about $0.04.  On the next page, which is slide 14, weve included a full year analysis of our revenue and EBITDAC margins to help you with comparability to the prior year. A couple of quick comments regarding the outlook or 2016, this year were expecting to implement a new long term stock incentive program that will issue equity grants on an annual basis rather than our historical approach of issuing larger grant pools every 2.5 years.  The new plan will continue to be performance based and will rest over a five year period rather than some of our plan that rest over a 7 to 10 year period. Taking the new plan in to account, and the performance of the equity grants we discussed earlier, we estimate our non-cash stock based compensation should be in the range of $23 million to $26 million in 2016.  For simplicity and standardization reporting, in 2016, well be combining non-cash stock based compensation with employee compensation and benefits. Interest for the fourth quarter should give you a good indication of our run rate and which annualizes a good proxy for 2016.  Everyone will ask and know we dont have an estimate or guidance for contingencies, and lastly our effective tax rate for 2016 should be in the range of 39.5 to 39.7.  Okay, that wraps up the financial piece. Lets switch gears and talk about technology. We committed to share more about our technology strategy and related investment. As we mentioned previously, weve hired a new CIO, Carl Owen about one year ago and he and his team have been working with the business to refine our technology strategy. We are pleased to say these plans are substantially complete when we can discuss the approach, investment and expected returns.  So moving on to slide 15, weve developed a strategy aligns our technology - with our key business goals of driving organic growth, improving customer retention, reducing operating cost and enabling better business intelligence. Its through this strategy were focusing our investments in three areas; standardization, optimization and innovation.  This approach allows us to continue our efforts to standardize our technology environment while focusing on optimizing our business systems and delivering innovative solutions that help our team mates continue to grow our business and improve the customer experience.  Over the past few years, weve been standardizing our platforms within each of our retail, wholesale and national programs divisions, as well as standardizing many of our business systems such as implementing a company-wide human resource information system, and learning management system and the payroll system over the past two years.  We will continue this type of effort across all of our infrastructure platforms including such things as a consolidation of datacenters and implementation of common collaboration platforms. The next primary focus will be to optimize and upgrade our internal business systems such as our agency management systems for our retail division and our financial and management reporting system.  In 2016, well be implementing a new company-wide financial management reporting system that will give us additional insight, analytics and efficiency. For our retail division, we will be upgrading our systems to improve workflow, efficiency, analytics and the customer experience. We anticipate this program will take two to three years.  Finally, well continue to investigate innovative solutions that allow us to better improve our customer experience through mobility solutions and provide better insights of our business with the use of data and analytics.  From a financial investment standpoint, we believe this net phase of optimization will cost about $30 million to $40 million in total over the next two to three years and will have a payback in four to six years from the commencement of the programs.  During this investment phase, we expect our margins to be impacted 35 to 60 basis points, depending upon the speed with which we ramp up the programs. For 2016, the margin impact should be in the range of 40 to 50 basis points versus our 2015 adjusted EBITDAC margins.  We believe this disciplined and coordinated approach towards technology investments will improve our margin slightly once the projects are completed, enabling us to operate within our long term EBITDAC range of 33% or 35% and also enhance our foundation for ongoing organic growth and scale.  With that let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments. 
Powell Brown: Thank you very much Andy, great report. In closing, we remain optimistic about 2016 and the outlook for our businesses. Im pleased with the improvements weve made in 15 and wed like to thank all of our team mates for their efforts throughout the year.  We do expect rates in 16 to remain under pressure and are watching the economy very closely for signs of further expansion or contraction. From an M&A perspective theres a lot of activity out there. Weve seen a number of announcements in 2015, maybe the most active year of acquisitions ever.  We can tell you that prices remain high, some at levels that dont make sense to us. However, we continue to look for partners that fit culturally and make sense financially. Lastly, our disciplined capital deployment strategy across internal investments, acquisitions and return to shareholders remains a top priority to help us drive long term shareholder value.  With that Kyle, Id like to turn it back over to you to open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: First question on the technology investment, the question is just on the high level to see why do you do it and then the second question, why now?
Powell Brown: Weve been working on technology all along as weve mentioned in our comments. We think that at this stage where we are as an organization and as we continue to grow, we need to refresh a few of those around our financial management system as well as in the retail space. Just as any company goes through overtime you just need to do normal upgrades and refreshes on those. So thats kind of whats driving that at this time. 
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: So the timing of that normally you would say probably making the investment when the organic growth is stronger than you have the leeway not to impact your margin and at the same time be able to read that in a system. I just wonder, given were now facing some pricing pressure, so why would not wait and to sort of maybe when the environment get a bit better and then we sell [impending] margin to improve it. So why you take the opportunity right now?
Andy Watts: Kia, we take a long term view on our business and so were not trying to manage quarter-by-quarter on this. We think this is the right thing to do for our organization and therefore if we need to take a short term margin impact, we think thats okay to make sure that we are ready for the next levels as we continue to grow. 
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thats great. And then a little bit math behind that number. Its like $30 million to $40 million potential investments over like two or three years. So if you run the math say three years, so each year $10 million, about $1.8 billion revenue. Thats probably around 60 basis points. So I just wonder each year. So I just wonder you are entering margin impact like 35 to 60 basis points. Is that including any offsetting factors?
Andy Watts: What do you mean by offsetting factors Kia?
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: It means like a potential saving for someone else, because if you just run the math like if you do $10 million investments in each year in next three years, $1.8 billion revenue, that itself is about 56 or close to 60 basis points. So I just dont know if the margin impact youve given there, is that --.
Andy Watts: Yeah, so thats why weve given the ranges of 35 to 60 on it Kia, and then we gave tighter ranges on 2016. As the program do commence along through implementation, we will be able to start to realize some of the benefits and thats really what got to our comment as, when we get to the end of the programs, our benefits or our margins will then increase back up to where they were before and increase slightly. So we will be seeking some on the backend. You wont get all of that on day one because theres just as within these theres a little bit of bubble cost that youve to go through. 
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: And then can you tell us it seems you already made some progress here to date, making some changes. How much investment youve already made in the standardization phase?
Andy Watts: Well come back to you on that one Kia. We havent quoted that exactly. 
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Now lets squeeze this, if I may as I might switch topic to the organic growth. Powell, one of your peers like recently said that because of pricing pressure the organic growth probably will be low single digits. I dont know from your perspective why it seems so far. What gives you the confidence that we can maintain or even improving upon the organic growth youre having like 2% or 3%, you are achieving in 2015.
Powell Brown: Well lets backup and say that as you know, we dont give organic growth guidance, and I would restate what weve said all along which is, we believe that our business is a low to mid-single digit organic growth business over a long period of time particularly in a steady state economy.  Ive also said that same comment about our retail business, and so once gain as you know, our business is a proxy for the middle market economy. Thats really important. So some others, their businesses may or may not reflect the middle market economy as much as ours do. So once again we are going to continue to grow our business organically and make acquisitions where they make sense, but we dont give organic growth guidance. 
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: But just think about sort of like qualitatively, how do you compare the environment going forward, compared that with 2015 because you mentioned the pricing side would continue under some pressure and on exposure side thats where youre seeing improvements, but nothing dramatic. Are we seeing in the similar environment going in to 2016 as we were in 2015?
Powell Brown: Remember, we think that exposure units have the biggest impact on our business versus rates, however if rates fall precipitously then thats a different story, and right now the only place were seeing that is in catastrophic property.  So I think the rate environment was similar in Q3 of 15 and Q4 of 15, and so based upon what were seeing right now, the area that will continue to have the greatest amount of pressure on it will be catastrophic property because we havent had a storm in a long time and people have short memories.  That said, youd see the carriers are continuing to try to look at getting rate where it makes sense particularly on automobile and personal lines, workers compensation in certain areas of the country as well. But I think based on, its a long way to the answer of saying, I think its more the same based upon what we can see right now.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: And then lastly if I may, can you tell us whats your potential exposure to investment related to the energy sector?
Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is, our energy exposure is very minimal. We do some business in our retail segments in the Gulf Coast, down in Louisiana and down in the Texas. We do a little bit in wholesale and we do some sustainable energy in some of our larger account segment. But as a general statement compared to the size of the company its minimal. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: I wanted to shift back to the technology and the investments that you guys mentioned. Just as were thinking about margins for next year, this year you guys had also pointed to hiring that you were making in terms of adding on to your employee count and that was a little bit of a headwind on margins. So when we think about our miles going forward as we factor in the spend that you guys are making on the technology side. Do you also expect to see some hits as you see some additional expenses as your employee count goes up?
Powell Brown: Well Elyse this is Powell. We allocate money internally to higher people that are not already in our budget, weve talked about that before in our corporate assistance plan. And we anticipate obviously continuing to make those investments this year and years going forward.  I think that Andy articulated what he thought the margin impact was going to be for technology specifically in 2016, and so based upon as we see it right now, we are thinking around a normal amount of investment in people and capabilities this year.  But if in fact the right opportunities come along, then well consider those just like anything else. Remember we look at the hiring of people as our teammates are the single most important thing in our company, and so we ended the year right around 8,000 teammates, I dont have the exact number with me, but right around under 8,000 teammates. And in order to get to the next level and the next level, were going to have to acquire, hire, train, retain, reward more high quality teammates. So thats critical. 
Andy Watts: And Elyse Id probably add to that, unless we make kind of, lets call it step investment at certain stages as we talked about in the second quarter of 14 earnings call, that was kind of one where we had brought on some investment in certain areas. Those are where you might see impact on margins.  But our comments earlier in the call, thats why we highlighted the 40 basis points down for the year, and then whats kind of the two main components of that. So were basically flat on underlying margins and that was where weve just continued investment in our business.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then as we think about 16, I know you highlighted the hit just from technology about the 40 basis points to 50 basis points. When you look at your underlying book, kind of excluding the technology spend, how you see the margin just ex that 40 basis points to 50 basis points hit. 
Powell Brown: We think we ex that we think that it continues to be in the range that weve given the guidance.
Andy Watts: And probably on the lower end of the range. 
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then in terms of outlook for capital management, you guys completed the ASR [assist] in January. Just as you think about capital going forward, I know the strategy usually has been to put in new ASR program after the prior one is complete. Can you just kind of talk about the time frame thoughts around putting a new program and capital management outlook for 2016.
Powell Brown: Elyse, as you remember, we dont have a stated plan where it says every quarter were buying back X amount. We continue to evaluate that versus other options that we have at present or in the near to intermediate future. So you are correct that we finished the ASR and will continue to evaluate all of our opportunities, one of which may be share repurchases, but we have not made that determination yet.  As you know we got a $375 million authorization from the Board in the waiting, so we do have that flexibility. But we will continue to evaluate that versus our other options as well. 
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then lastly, I know you mentioned, its too early to have an outlook on contingents. Can you, anything in terms of directionally without giving a phone number if you think 2016 might be a higher or lower than 15 or can you just at least an outlook for the Q1. 
Powell Brown: Coming back to our earlier Elyse, your estimate would be just as good as our estimate on this one. Remember the thing thats difficult is the industry could be trending one way and our business because of the performance in the individual office could be trending the other way, and conversely it could be going the opposite direction for the companies and we could be going the opposite direction as well. So its not that easy to say. Im sorry to say that, I know that frustrates you, but thats the truth.  And if theres ever any big items I think similar to how we telegraph what we thought the fourth quarter would be, wed share those if we have that insight, but we dont have any additional insight at this stage Elyse. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Quint McMillan with KBW.
Quint McMillan - KBW: I just had a question following up on Elyses capital management question. More just a philosophical question about how you guys are thinking about return on invested capital here. And if you could sort of help us to understand what the multiples that youre sort of seeing in M&A land are versus I know that you dont probably have a specific ROIC target for your own stock repurchase, but how we might be able to think about the different on the ROIC basis if youre repurchasing your own stock at what it looked like attractive levels versus M&A at maybe whatever multiple 8, 9, 10 times. 
Powell Brown: Okay, so lets start with the M&A market place. Depending on the size of the business and growth and profitability profile, youre going to see 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 depending on what - and remember I believe that pro forma is a pro forma on the trailing 12 or the projected 12 not the pro forma of the pro forma of 2018. So, our number are a multiple of operating profit or EBITDA might be different than somebody elses and so they run their models, we run our models.  So, obviously when we look at an acquisition, we look at the talent that comes with it, the capabilities, how that helps us service not only our existing clients if that can expand that capability or bring new capabilities to do something that we dont already do.  We obviously look at how we view our share repurchase compared to the multiples that are being paid in the acquisition space. We also think about it in financial terms which we dont disclose, meaning we run our own internal analysis on all that.  But at the end of the day, when we look at it and say what are the opportunities in each of the three areas and where do we want to invest that, and last year as an example we did both. So if you think about the capital management last year, we paid $68 million of dividends, we paid CapEx of about 18.
Andy Watts: Buybacks of a 175.
Powell Brown: 175 and then the remaining on acquisitions. So we felt like last year that was the best allocation of the cash generated by the organization. That does not mean thats what exactly were going to do this year. It means based upon the opportunities that we have, well make those decisions at that time.
Quint McMillan - KBW: And then you just spoke about the CapEx number. It looks like the CapEx range has been sort of between 10 and maybe a little bit below 20 over the past several years and the technology investment strategy spending that youre going to be doing wont be kind of lumped into that. Is the CapEx spend begin to go up meaningfully from where you were in line with what they are spending would be or do you think about this holistically that the CapEx might be more flattish and youve just diverted your dollars from one CapEx spend to another. 
Powell Brown: No, I dont want you to think about that. I think that its important to look at this as an incremental spend, meaning its on top. If you look at our CapEx spend over an extended period of time, I would say $12 million to $20 million a year barring some large purchase or something. But thats basically what its been overtime. I think you need to think about it in that $10 million s or $12 million or 13 million range additionally a year for the next three years. So Andy is giving you an indication of $30 million $40 million of total spend, and that would be incremental.
Andy Watts: And were going to step back and lets talk about philosophy just for a second, because I think this will help you guys is, the way that we are thinking about technology and the implementation of it is, our goal is to be able to basically take it off the shelf as much as possible, configure it to our organization, well customize it where it absolutely has to, because thats what we believe will provide us with the best long term cost of ownership.  But by doing that, it also means that we need to evaluate what were going to buy software or service or in the cloud versus traditional. So one of the things we just dont know exactly right now is the geography, how much will be expensed versus CapEx inside of there. But the range that I gave you is pretty good one for right now. 
Quint McMillan - KBW: And Andy just a numbers question just so I make sure I understand what you guys had just mentioned. The non-stock based comp of your guidance for 23 to 25 million in 16, you said youre going to stop reporting and its just kind of go in to the comp and benefits line. Is that correct or did I mishear that?
Andy Watts: No, you got it correct.
Quint McMillan - KBW: Okay, so well lump that altogether and you wont be reporting that number going forward?
Andy Watts: Correct, and its consistent with all the other brokers that are out there.
Quint McMillan - KBW: Yeah, I agree. And if I can take one last one and I apologies, in terms of what you guys have on the All-Risk program, I know you probably dont want to speak about specific clients, but is there any sort of qualitative guidance you could give us in terms of maybe what benefit that could have for organic within the programs division or anything that you might want to talk about there. 
Powell Brown: Im not going to speculate on that Quint, but what I would tell you is, as you know, an All-Risk program is going to be writing property in cat prone areas, places like Florida, Texas, California. And so to that earlier comment that Andy made in his remarks, its already a pretty competitive space. So its too early to say, were starting that this quarter writing new business. So its too early to say. We look at it as a de novo program out of Arrowhead and we are very excited about our teammates and the capabilities and the capacity that we have lined up, but obviously we have to execute on it, so no speculation on growth impact. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Ryan Byrnes with Janney Capital. 
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Just to follow-up on the non-cash comp. I may have missed it, but did you guys know what the $8.1 million event was this quarter?
Powell Brown: It was a single event, it was a combination of offices or individuals not meeting certain performance requirements. 
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: And thats across the segments or any segment in particular?
Powell Brown: It cuts across all, thats correct. 
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: I was intrigued by the footnote there that you guys sold colonial claims. That has been a pretty good margin business obviously following Sandy. Just trying to get to understand your rationale for selling that business, it doesnt seem like it had much revenue or negative expense impact when it wasnt on full cylinders, but just want to get your thoughts there. 
Powell Brown: First of all, it is a good business. Its lumpy and at the end of the day the investment community doesnt like lumpy income streams. So think highly of the organization, continue to have a relationship with them, and all of that. But at the end of the day, we were not given credit when it went up, but we were penalized when it went down.  So we decided that it would be best with somebody else, lets not measure it that way and well redeploy that money in something that would be more consistent with a consistent revenue stream that we can talk about on the call, and not have to call out every quarter if we miss or not miss, thats kind of the story. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from Jeff Schmitt with William Blair.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair: I apologies if I missed it, but could you touch on the level of cat activity you saw at rate this year and how that compares to historical levels?
Powell Brown: Yeah, we did not touch on it. The answer is it was very low relative to historical levels. Its a good question, as you know that we looked at a 10 year model and that was roughly around $7 million or $7.5 million of revenue on average. So it was very low, and so that would be another where we were impacted. We didnt call that out directly, but that is another area that was impacted because of the light storm season. 
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair: And then on the workers comp, did you mention sort of the level of rate decreases youve seen in California in particular?
Powell Brown: No we didnt mention that, but remember what we said in Q3 and what I would say now about workers compensation is, we didnt talk about rate impact, we talked more about certain carriers changing their risk appetite. So let me make it simpler, that means, that there are certain places in the state i.e. the Los Angeles where they think the risk profile is different than if youre outside of Los Angeles. So its not too much the rate, it was the change in appetite which impacted our ability either write new business or more importantly renew the business that we already have in that area. 
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Powell Brown for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you Kyle and I wish everybody a wonderful day and look forward to talking to you again after the first quarter. Have a nice day and thank you.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Daniel D. Farrell - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter of 2015, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the third quarter of 2015 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. We'll start on slide four. For the quarter, we delivered $432 million of revenue, growing at 2.6% in total and 2.4% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth again this quarter. Contingent commissions were down approximately $3 million compared to prior year due to higher loss ratios, which had the effect of compressing our margins slightly. We'll discuss the effect of this later in the presentation. Even with this headwind, we were able to deliver $0.47 per share for the quarter, which was flat with the prior year. Andy will talk more about the detail for the quarter in a few minutes. So far this year, we've acquired nine agencies with the annual revenues of approximately $33 million. The pipeline continues to be good and we're engaged with a number of acquisition prospects. With the current valuations, we continue to exercise discipline as we want to pay a fair price for our acquisitions. During the quarter, we completed $100 million ASR announced earlier this year in Q1. Also, we're pleased that our Board of Directors has authorized an 11.4% increase on our quarterly dividend, which will be effective beginning with our Q4 payments. This is our 22nd year of consecutive dividend increases. As it relates stock buybacks and dividends, they both continue to be key parts of our capital allocation strategy and are subjects we discuss with our board on a regular basis. On to slide five, and before we get into market performance, let me shift gears and talk about the realignment of our Retail Division. Retail is now divided into six regions, each led by a regional president that individual owns his P&L and has the responsibility to grow, invest and modify as he sees fit for their offices. In addition, each of the regional presidents leads a business initiative. In conjunction with a number of teammates across the country, the regional presidents develop a strategy for their initiative and then drive it across our platform. For clarity, this is not a matrix organization. Each regional president has the last word regarding what and how their offices implement each business initiative. It's important to highlight that the new strategy and structure will leverage our capabilities across the National platform, while continuing to foster our decentralized sales and service culture. On slide six, we continue to see the overall market conditions improve in certain areas of the country, which is good. However, there are some questions regarding potential outlook due to the recent news about companies reducing their workforces and cutting costs. We've seen some slight impact already and will continue to monitor our customer base closely. While the year isn't over, 2015 appears to be another year without a major hurricane hitting the United States. This lack of weather events along with excess capital in the market continues to drive rates down. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of the year and into 2016, unless there's a material change in one or both of these factors. We don't think a slight increase in the fed rate will have much, if any, impact on insurance rates. Admitted market rates are generally flat to down 5%, and this has been the trend for the last four to five quarters. The only real exception is for commercial auto that is flat to up 5%, but this really depends on loss experience for the account. We continue to see excess and surplus rates down with cat property being down the most. Pre-tax income increased year-over-year by 30-basis points. This slower growth as compared to revenue was primarily driven by lower income from contingents and the incremental interest expense associated with our bonds we issued in Q  I'm sorry, I apologize  cat property down, staying on slide six, the new federal law that has put the determination of community rating of small group under 100 back to each state is expected to cause increased complexity regarding implementation of ACA. This will more than likely create additional confusion for companies and carriers as the community rating will more than likely be different by state and potentially by size of employer. With this increased complexity, we see this as an opportunity for Brown & Brown to provide incremental value to our clients. In summary, we consider the changes made in the quarter related to Retail as building blocks. And we're optimistic about how the company is positioned for increasing profitable growth in future quarters. Now, let me turn it over to Andy, who'll discuss our financial performance in more detail.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Great. Thank you, Powell, and good morning, everyone. Let me first discuss our overall financial results and the key metrics for the quarter. I'm on slide seven, which shows our consolidated results for the third quarter. We had a relatively quiet quarter in terms of one-time items or adjustments, and the numbers presented on this slide reflect unadjusted GAAP results. For the quarter, we delivered 2.6% revenue growth and grew organically in all four of our divisions with a total organic growth rate of 2.4%. In the quarter, our contingent commissions are down about $3 million as compared to the third quarter of last year. This decrease was primarily in our Wholesale Division as a result of increased loss ratios with our carrier partners. For comparability, if contingents were flat with the prior year, our revenue would have grown 3.3%. Pre-tax income increased year-over-year by 30 basis points. This slower growth as compared to revenue was primarily driven by the lower income from contingents and incremental interest expense associated with our bonds we issued in the third quarter of last year. We'll be on a more comparative basis in the fourth quarter as it pertains to year-on-year interest. For clarity, the run rate in the fourth quarter should be that about what we had in the third quarter. EBITDAC for the third quarter was $150.7 million compared to $147.7 million last year, an increase of 2%. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 20 basis points over the prior year, primarily driven by the lower contingent commissions we described earlier. If contingents were flat for the quarter on a year-over-year basis, our EBITDAC margins would improve slightly versus the prior year and our EBITDAC dollars would have grown 3.8% versus a 3.3% revenue growth, I mentioned earlier. Net income decreased by 1%, which is driven by our 40.2% effective tax rate this quarter versus 39.4% in the third quarter of last year. As we've mentioned previously, the increase in our effective tax rate is primarily being driven by state tax law changes regarding consolidated returns and the apportionment of income to higher tax states. Both of these are primarily in the State of New York. At this point in the year, we're now expecting our overall effective tax rate to be in the range of 39.8% for the full year. Our earnings per share remained flat and our weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased by 2% year-over-year, driven by $150 million of share repurchases over the last 12 months. As a reminder, we initiated $100 million accelerated share repurchase program during the first quarter of this year and this was completed in the third quarter. The final settlement during the third quarter was just under 400,000 shares. As of today, we have $450 million of authorization from our Board of Directors for share buybacks, with $50 million remaining from the $200 million authorization in July of last year, and $400 million from the approval in July of this year. With these approvals, we continue to evaluate share repurchases to drive shareholder returns. Moving over to slide eight, I'd like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. The decrease in contingents described earlier is presented here. The driver of year-over-year growth of commissions and fees is about equally split between net acquisitions delivering $9.7 million of growth, followed by organic growth of $9.4 million. The drivers of this growth within the divisions will be discussed next. Moving from our global view of the company, we'd like to discuss each of our divisions in a little more detail. We'll start by looking at the Retail Division, which is on slide nine. Over the last three months, our Retail Division has delivered 4.7% revenue growth. The organic revenue growth for the quarter was 1.5%. Retail's year-over-year EBITDAC margins decreased by 50 basis points. And here are a few of the key items that drive or that is driving Retail's results for the quarter. As we noted, during our Q1 and Q2 calls, there have been changes in the State of Washington's regulation related to bona fide associations that resulted in several of our association health plans terminating as they were determined to be non-qualified. The changes continue to impact our revenue growth and margins, with the revenue loss impacting overall Retail organic growth by approximately 40 basis points. As mentioned previously, we expect there will be about a $1 million year-over-year revenue impact for the fourth quarter of this year and also decrease total margins by about 20 basis points. We were also impacted by the timing associated with our life insurance businesses. Please note that these businesses can be a little bit lumpy at times. And for Q3, the timing negatively affected our organic growth by 40 basis points. Although life insurance revenue is difficult to forecast quarter-on-quarter, we don't expect this to be a trend for the fourth quarter of this year. Adjusting for these two items, our organic revenues for the quarter would have grown about 2.3%, with this growth being driven primarily from year-on-year new business. In our small employer benefit space, which we define as employers with fewer than 100 employees, we are continuing to see companies be very focused on managing their cost and trying to understand the implementation complexities of ACA. These factors have put downward pressure on our revenues. As a reminder, our small employee benefits business represents about $90 million of annualized revenue of our total employee benefits business of approximately $260 million. For the quarter, our large employee benefits business grew nicely again on an organic basis, while our small group declined. Shifting over to property rates, coastal or cat property renewal rates are continuing to decline 15% to 25%. As Powell noted earlier, we don't expect this trend to materially change over the next year. Property renewal rates continued downward for admitted markets and are generally flat to down 5%. The declines are primarily caused by reductions in premium, which are being driven by the lack of weather-related events, low interest rates, and additional capital of insurers. And lastly, commercial auto rates are generally showing premium increases due to a rise in overall claims experienced. Moving over to slide 10 and our National Program. This division's total revenues decreased by 80 basis points and organic revenues increased by 80 basis points. The decrease in total revenue is related to the divestiture of ICG that we completed in the fourth quarter of last year. We continue to experience good growth in Arrowhead aftermarket, Wright Specialty and the Arrowhead non-standard auto businesses. However, a lot of this growth was offset by certain programs that are being impacted by significant rate decreases, including our Florida coastal property programs and our California earthquake and workers' compensation programs. Lastly, the Programs Division, EBITDAC margins benefited from the disposal of ICG last year. Moving over to slide 11, our Wholesale Division had another really good quarter, reporting organic growth of 5.5%. The differential between organic revenue and total revenue is related to the sale of Axiom Re that we completed in the fourth quarter of last year. Also, our total revenue growth was impacted by lower contingent commissions, which we've previously discussed. Of the total decrease of $3 million, approximately $2 million affected the Wholesale Division. If contingents were flat year-over-year, total revenues would have grown 2.9% versus the as reported decline of 30 basis points. Our binding authority and brokerage businesses both contributed to the positive results for the third quarter and we continue to see growth across most business lines. We're seeing more net new business and are leveraging our deep carrier relationships to help provide innovative solutions for our customers. Even while facing major downward pressure on coastal property rates in the range of 15% to 25%, our brokerage business still grew nicely for the quarter. We think this is a really impressive performance as it shows the amount of new business the team is binding each and every month. The Wholesale Division delivered EBITDAC margin improvement of 30 basis points. The primary driver of this expansion is due to the sale of Axiom Re in the fourth quarter of last year. Please remember that the $2 million decline in contingents this quarter also affected margin, so the year-over-year improvement, excluding the lower contingents, is very good. Moving to our Services Division on slide 12, we delivered impressive organic growth of 7.8% for the quarter. This growth is driven primarily by our Social Security advocacy business and one of our claims processing offices. As it relates to Hurricane Joaquin, we have realized very little claims revenue. Even with the significant media coverage of this storm, we are not expecting material claims processing revenue. This is due to the fact that most of the flooding occurred inland where few flood policies were purchased as they are generally not required. Our policy base is primarily along the coastline. For the third quarter, our EBITDAC margin declined by 80 basis points. The main reason for this decrease  or the main reasons for this decrease are decline in our referrals to one of our Medicare set-aside businesses and lower property claims submitted to one of our claims processing businesses. Since both of these entities have some fixed cost, the margins can fluctuate on a quarterly basis depending upon volumes. We generally evaluate our claims processing businesses on a rolling 12-month basis to assess performance and reduce quarterly fluctuations. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Andy. Great report. In closing, we're optimistic about the current trajectory of the business with many businesses performing well and other businesses improving over previous quarters. We do expect rates to remain under pressure due to historically low weather events and low interest rates. We feel the realignment of our Retail Division strategically positions us for incremental profitable organic growth in future quarters. From an M&A perspective, we remain actively engaged in discussions with many acquisition candidates. As I've mentioned before, closing an acquisition depends on when the seller is ready and if we can come to an appropriate financial transaction. I can tell you that we continue to be quite active in the space, but are being prudent as pricing and terms continue to be aggressive. Lastly, our disciplined capital deployment strategy across internal investments, acquisitions and returns to shareholders remains a key focus to help us drive long-term shareholder value. Now, with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Tracy so we can open it up for questions on the call.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Morning, Kai.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: First question is on the realignments in the Retail segments, and you said it's a restructuring program, but it doesn't change a lot. And I just wonder what's thought process behind it? And also, if you could talk about those regional present, like compensation structure that what incentivized them to produce a good growth going forward?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, number one, we had a number of years ago a regional structure. And then we went into a single leader structure for a period of time and we decided to go back to the regional structure to enable us to grow the business more rapidly and profitably. So, that's number one. Number two, the compensation of those leaders will be directly tied to the performance of their division or region and the overall company performance as well. So, they will be incented to grow organically and profitably, make acquisitions, and help us drive the company forward. I will also say that each one of those regional presidents has a key or a business initiative, which he is responsible for. And so, they are developing the strategy with a group of teammates across the organization and will be helping drive that across the platform going forward. So, that's an increased focus on those particular areas, all of which we believe have growth opportunities in the future.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. And then shifting gear to the public exchange, that have been drag to your  especially on the small employee site, like employee benefits business. I just wonder, how do you see that business evolve going forward? Are we going to continue to experience headwinds from that site, or are you think we're probably closer to a steady state that your comp will be coming easier going forward?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, two parts. Number one, as you know, with the new law, which puts community rating in the hands of the state, I think that's going to continue to create complexities and challenges and opportunities for us and the prepared brokerage firms out there. So, I think more to come as that's implemented at a state-by-state basis, number one. Number two, as it relates to exchanges in general, our private exchange has about 4,600 lives up from about 4,000 last quarter. As I've said before, that is an option, it is not the solution. It is an option or a solution. So, what I believe we're going to see in the state exchanges is there will continue to be upward pressure on rates because of the mix of business or the populations in those pools. And what at one time might have looked very compelling financially may change, if, in fact, the performance of that pool starts to not perform as expected.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then my last question is on the investment you're talking about you're making in the business for the past several quarters. I just wonder, given the economic outlook now seems like improving, but you're cautious on the outlook. Are you  so what kind of pace of investment you're making in brokers, producers, as well as the system? Like, do you expect that will have a  given the organic outlook, would that have a meaningful impact on your margin going forward?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, number one, we always have a certain level of investment in people throughout all business cycles, as you now. I have said before that we have made some strategic investments along the way, which has helped increase our organic growth in areas in Retail and other segments of our business. And we will continue to do that strategically and opportunistically when we find the right people that fit culturally. So, as you know, our strategy has historically been to hire people either out of college or from other industries and train them, also make acquisitions where we have a very high quality teammates join us from other organizations. And then, on a selective basis, hire from other firms with experience either some or a lot of insurance experience. And we'll continue to do all of the above in the future. And when certain opportunities present themselves, we will make those additional investments on top of the normal investment.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And then, Kai, I probably referenced back to what we've talked about in previous calls. We said we believe we should be able to operate in a 33% to 35% operating margin. And, again, that's still a good range for us. And based upon how we make investments on a quarterly basis, that can float up and down as well as revenues back and forth. So just kind of keep that in mind when you're modeling things out.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you so much for all the answers.
Operator: And we'll go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning. I was hoping to also spend a little bit more time on the Retail segment. One of your competitors has pointed to some seasonality in their organic reverence growth figures. Did you see any seasonality in the third quarter there? And then, looking forward to the fourth quarter, do you expect that growth might pick up resulting from the realignment that you had mentioned?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Elyse, can you  you sound very far away. I got the first part on the seasonality. But I'm going to ask you to repeat the other part of the question, if you wouldn't mind, if you could get either closer to the phone or just repeat it?
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sure. The second part of the question. I was wondering if you could kind of look forward to the fourth quarter, if you expect sequential growth within the Retail segment to pick up in relation to some of the realignments that you mentioned, or is that more of something we'll start to see more significantly in 2016?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So the first comment about seasonality. No, we haven't seen some marked change or seasonality in our business. We see our businesses impacted and they fluctuate on any given quarter, but no dramatic seasonality or shift in Q3, number one. Number two, I don't want anybody to think that the realignment of Retail is going to have an immediate impact on internal growth, but over a long  intermediate and long-term, we believe that will, and that is our goal. I have said before and I will say it again that we believe Retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business in a steady state economy. As you saw in this quarter, we had slight improvement in terms of that Retail organic growth and it's our goal and intention to continue to drive that forward and up. So I think it's going to take a little time, but I'm very pleased with all of our teammates and the outlook going forward.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then, in terms of contingent commissions, in the past, you had also pointed to a slowdown in the fourth quarter. Any additional commentary on just kind of the level of decline we might see in contingents this coming next quarter just to kind of get that into our models?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Elyse. It's Andy here. As we talked about on previous calls, we are expecting the fourth quarter to be down probably somewhere in the range of about $4 million. It would be our best guess right now, but don't know exactly. It's primarily going to be within Programs. And if you remember, we talked about the fact that Proctor had got notification from one of their carrier partners that contingents would probably be down materially year-over-year on loss experience. And then, our Florida coastal property business is down just because of lower premiums. So that's kind of a ballpark as to where we are. We won't know until we close out the quarter, but probably a pretty good marker for you.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then, in terms of expectations for share repurchases going forward, just how do you think about the fourth quarter? I mean, I know the preference has been on to use accelerated share repurchase programs to complete  to repurchase shares. Is that still how you guys think that would be done going forward, and just timing on future share repurchases now that the last ASR has been completed?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Elyse, first, I think it depends on the size of the repurchase, the amount. So, depending on what that is, then we'll evaluate what's the best vehicle on which to purchase the shares. And number two, as you know, we have not taken a position to say that we will categorically buy said amount of shares in any quarter. It's something that we talk with our board about actively. We're actually having a board meeting after this call and we'll continue to talk to them about that as well, but we will look at that as an investment as we do in all the other options, both internal and acquisitions, as we've talked about in the system.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last question, on the  the non-cash stock-based compensation has been a bit lower this year than kind of where you guys had pegged it. Just in terms of the fourth quarter, where do you think that might end up?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, probably in the $6 million to $7 million range, Elyse, on it. And it always  it does fluctuate based upon participation during the quarter. But that would be our best estimate right now.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Have a great day.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Morning.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Just to clarify on the margin outlook with respect to potential investment spending. You named a lot of specific items, the Washington impact, et cetera. But if you look at kind of your underlying business, would you expect the margin to be steady to improved? So you're not in a period of kind of extra investment spending, but more likely to think, adjusted for contingents, and these other one timers, that it's sort of a flat to improved outlook?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, what I would tell you is, we plan on continuing to invest as we have historically, but what I can't say and I know this may frustrate you and others, because you can't model this, it is how and when we see opportunities for people that fit culturally will we be opportunistic in those investments. So, there's not an easy answer to your question.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. So, you may be opportunistic, but as a general matter, it ought to be more steady to up?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's fair to say that it should probably be more steady and there's a good likelihood that we will make opportunistic investments, but it's not something that we don't look very carefully at and think about the overall impact on all fronts every quarter.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, Mark, let me see if I can give some real life examples. So in the earnings call for the second quarter of last year, we talked about our investments in our M&A practice, cyber, ZOOM, those were some of the opportunistic. So if you think about what had to occur is that was a year burnt in through our P&L. In order to get there, they're now starting to be revenue producing, but we're continuing to add incremental teammates each and every day through  to the organization.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, the  likewise on the organic growth outlook, I think you've described a generally upbeat view. Any kind of one-timers that you might expect in the fourth quarter that would lead to organic growth decelerating or should it be steady or improved in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter level?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're not aware of anything in Retail. I would tell you that, as you saw and have seen, there's been a little pressure on Programs, that Programs pressure is driven primarily by the catastrophic property declines and the competitive nature of that business, so it's affecting both coasts, not only the East Coast, but the West Coast. So, if I were to speculate, I think that Programs in Q4 would probably be flattish to maybe down very slightly. The Wholesale segment, as you know, had a nice quarter again at 5.5%. They still have a lot of business that's under pressure, but I anticipate them to have a good quarter, not too dissimilar, maybe up a little, but probably down a little, maybe flat to down a little bit, but in that range. But overall, we're not aware of anything that would be one-time in nature, some unusual action of a governmental entity that would impact our business or anything like that.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: When you say Wholesale flat to down, is that off of the kind of the 5% level they did this quarter?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah...
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the reason I can't be more specific, Mark, as you know, is when you have rates down 15% and 20% and 25%, particularly if it's year-on-year, if you renew the account, it's dramatic decrease in your revenue, and if you lose the account, you got to fill that hole in.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you. And then, one final question. You had mentioned the claims processing office did well. Can you elaborate on that a little bit? And then, is that recurring? Is that going to be a little bit of a help next quarter and the quarter after?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. Mark, it's one of our businesses out on the West Coast and it was really driven by them picking up some new customers. So presuming that we continue to get good claim flow from the customers, then it continue on, but again, we always have a little bit of ebb and flow inside of there. Some of our East Coast businesses did not experience the same claim performance.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. In the prepared remarks, you might have misstated something you said. So long as there's not a lot of property events and interest rates stay low, we should expect pressure on pricing. What's the relationship between interest rates and pricing?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, like I said, I just think that we're just making a general statement. We're not correlating  you can draw any conclusions you want. We are not trying to draw a correlation between the two. We're just basically saying, in an environment where you have low interest rates and a lot of capital, I don't think we're going to have rates going up.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. The only reason why I asked is I wonder if you can dig in a little bit between the relationship between your commission volume and pricing. I mean, the extent (37:18) some of your business is fee driven, some is commission driven. Can we talk a little bit on how much pressure you can see on the pricing side before you see a material headwind on your top line?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, number one, we can't give you an exact. Meaning, if, in fact, rates are down this much, then this happens, because there's a whole bunch of factors in there in addition to rates that impact the business, exposure units, competitive pressures, retention rates and the like. What I have said in the past, as you recall, Josh, is that you can have a rate environment where rates are down as we are today, 0% to 5%, and you can grow your business organically in a steady state environment. The last time we were in an environment like this that I recall was in the late 1990s. So, I'm talking about 1998 and 1999. So rates were down in a similar fashion, property  coastal property was not down like it is today, but we were growing organically then as a kind of a benchmark. So, that's where -
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And the economy was probably helping back in 1998 and 1999 I imagine?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. As I look year-over-year on EBITDAC margins, I mean, I wouldn't notice headwinds in your numbers looking at them. It looks like it'd be almost in line with a year ago. Can you talk about Washington? Last quarter, we talked a lot about significant hiring of new producers in a college recruitment program. Has that subsided? I thought that might be more of a headwind coming into this quarter, we didn't see it?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no. That has not subsided or changed. We continue to invest in. But the cost of those, let's call it, incremental talent investments are going to kind of go up and down in the quarter. So, we didn't call it out not because we're not doing it, we just were trying to give you a good flavor across the platform.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, one year from now after you've taught these people how to produce, should we see a margin positive impact from their contribution?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, let's make sure we're clear on that. Everybody's development is different. When you hire somebody right out of college, you are teaching them not only insurance, but about life. And so it takes several years for them to get into the production mode, but they're being very successful in adding value to our team and learning the business in other ways, but they may not be a producer right away. So, depending on that person's background, knowledge of insurance or lack thereof, impacts that. It's not as easy as saying, we hire somebody and one year later you have X. It's not that easy. And I know you'd like that, there'd be more like manufacturing, but it's not like that. You hire a new person and some people are successful more quickly, some people, it takes a little longer for them to launch in their career. But we can tell you that we're looking for a certain type of person and that person, when we find them has a high probability of success in our system over a long period time, if they continue to do all the desired outputs and actions that make us a producer successful.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Do you have a target for full employee count at year end 2015 compared to where it was in the K last year?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. Okay. And thank you for your answers.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. Thanks.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Charles.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning. First question on contingents, I guess what I'm curious about is kind of 2016 outlook. If we look kind of some of the contingent come down this quarter due to profitability and we look at the industry and pricing down, should we think that 2016 should have a lower profile relative to how 2015 is shaking out, is that directionally how you guys would lead us to think or -
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Charles, let me see if I can give a little bit of backdrop is, one, we never give outlook on contingents and it's due to a couple of reasons is, it's got, one, an impact of what happens with loss experience. And that's something that we never can project a year out, and the other is what's going on with underlying rates in both of them. And so, if you were to take the current environment where there's rate pressure out there today, and I think if you were going to forecast up, that might not be a good bet in all of it, but we do not actually estimate anything. I think most of you guys go out there and just use our year-over-year in all of it. The fourth quarter is a good example, as of where we're seeing pressure down on some of our Florida coastal property programs, because it's just premium shrinkage. So, if that was going to continue, you'd expect for it to continue to be down a little bit.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I guess next would be on the Retail segment and the re-org. Is there  should we think that there's any kind of additional expense? You setup these regional heads. Do they sort of have some expense of kind of putting their team in place on how they want hiring and firing? Should we think that there's some new leadership that they might have some people that they might not think are as good a fit for their units and kind of a standard corporate re-org that there's some near-term expense increase?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Charles, the way I would think about it is, could there be some incremental expense over time? Yes, possibly, but the way you describe that is sort of a big corporate re-org. And I don't want you to think of it that way. I want you to think of it as basically these leaders, all of them, were senior leaders of the company before. And they have all  these six individuals now have a region of responsibility that varies in size, but they have a number of high quality teammates already in place in those regions. So, I would just say that as they see fit to hire additional people to help grow the business, that's the way I think of it, as opposed to layers of people that don't sell insurance. I don't want you to think that way.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. No, I understand you guys are a flatter organization. I would just think that this change of structure is in theory to lead to better growth in the Retail Division. And if there isn't going to be change of some size, how does change get enacted? I mean, if it's the same people doing the same jobs without changes, which change means money, how do you get there?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, let me maybe address that a little differently. If you look at the business initiatives and the fact that each one of those regional presidents has a business initiative, which they are going to be responsible for driving that strategy across our platform, if, in fact, that means that's a different concept, we haven't done that before in this form or fashion, number one. Number two, I want you to understand that we're not doing it the same way as that we did it because we want to have a different outcome. And the last time I checked, if you do the same thing over and over again and expect a different outcome, I think Albert Einstein said that's the definition of insanity. So we are definitely going to be doing some things differently, which I'm excited about, and we believe we'll deliver the desired results. But like I said, in our system, expense is typically driven around production and service talent. They are directly aligned with the customer experience. So that's how we think about it.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And, Charles, I'd probably add to that is, Powell mentioned that each of the regional presidents also lead one of the business initiatives. And one of the ways that we structured this in order to not put a lot of cost inside of here is the teammates that sit inside of the business initiative come right out of the regions. What better way to actually solve a problem is solve it yourself. And so therefore, they've got representations. So, we didn't go in and go create all these new groups with all kinds of extra cost and then they get to go tell a region what to do, they're going to do it for themselves, it's about really coming together and collaborating. So it is a different approach.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then just finally, in some of the investments you guys have made, I'm thinking back to last quarter and how you're seeing the business opportunities today and new team, how much of it is large account versus your more traditional small middle account? And I'm just wondering if there's been any expansion of kind of the larger account business from Beecher Carlson that came through, and if those  if there is some kind of difference in view between the types of business there?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, let's think about just over the last year plus. Remember, we acquired last year in the spring Pacific Resources, which is large account capability in the ancillary markets, typically clients approximately 8,000 lives and up. Also, this year, we acquired Strategic Benefits outside of Boston, which also focuses on large employee benefits, both health and ancillaries. And those two businesses are very complementary with the Beecher Carlson business in terms of the same client base and the ability to call on clients either simultaneously or existing clients of one might be a potential opportunity of another. We have made investments over time in Beecher Carlson. As Andy early alluded to, the M&A practice and the cyber liability practice, we've made some additional production and placement capability investments there. But what I would say is our investment appetite in Retail, in middle market Retail, I would say has been very similar. That does not mean that periodically we come across a couple of people that we just realized we got to a higher. But what I would say is the more strategic investment or opportunistic investment hires have probably been more in the large account area. If you were going to make a broad statement and in middle market Retail, it's been more traditional investment over time. That's the way I would describe it.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much for the answers.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ryan Byrnes with Janney.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just a question again following with kind of the Retail realignment, does that have any impact to the M&A process at all? Are they out there trying to maybe source some of those smaller Retail deals as well?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, the short answer is, all of these individuals have been involved with acquisitions prior to the realignment. And so, as you know, when and why people do acquisitions is different for every person. And so, remember, we have 195 leaders of business units or profit centers, all of which have the ability to engage in a discussion around an acquisition either a fold-in or on a standalone basis, number one. Number two, each of those regional leaders or regional presidents or other senior leaders, do have  there's an expectation for them to try to continue to bring in investment or acquisition opportunities as well. So I don't want to give you the impression that it's going to do something dramatically differently because these people were already doing that.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Got you. Okay. Thanks for that. And then quickly, kind of in the press there's been some kind of noise that you guys maybe looking to do a new win Program, so kind of Program business kind of heading into next year. Should we think about that as any sort of a positive driver for organic growth kind of within the Program segment heading into 2016?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we'd like to think that it'll be a positive opportunity for growth. But once again, remember, we continue to see pressure as I've alluded to on property around the country. That's a East Coast, West Coast, everywhere and between situation. And so I would say that that may offset some of the down draft in some of our existing Programs that are impacting that growth in Q3 and Q4 and end of the first quarter of  the first part of next year. We do think that there's a lot of opportunity, but we're very cautious in terms of how to translate that to organic growth yet until we see the Program up and running for a couple of quarters.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, great. And then just my last one, just kind of a more numbers questions. But the  the life business within the Retail segment, how big is that in general? Again, I'm really not sure I know that number and just wanted to, I guess, talk about what kind of lumpiness really goes on, on a quarter-to-quarter basis there?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Ryan, it's Andy here. We don't disclose the individual businesses underneath on it, but like I said, it had about a 40 basis point impact on organic growth when we kind of look at all them together. And as I mentioned, it is kind of lumpy. We can kind of  it just depends on when business gets closed during the quarters, back and forth.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Ryan, just as a additional comment there, remember, when we're talking about life insurance, that's generally speaking a one-time event. So that's a non-recurring revenue stream. So, that doesn't mean that that's bad. It just means that we could have  it can be peaks and valleys or lumpy, as Andy said. And so you could have a number of large cases sold in a quarter or in a year and then, in the following year, you just don't sell as many or you sell more. So I just want to make sure, that's a one-time only. It's like a builders risk policy or a project policy or anything that is one-time in nature, there's a non-recurring revenue component.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. Thanks for the color there, guys.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Schmitt from William Blair & Company.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: In the Program business, what are you seeing going on with workers' comp rates? And could we get a sense maybe at the degree the downdraft you're seeing in California, specifically?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So I think we talked about this the last time, whereas as it's  although rates are down and they can be up in certain classes, the issue in California that we experienced in the second quarter and in the third quarter was a change of one of the risk bearers' appetites in certain classes of business. So, what I would tell you is, as you know, Southern California, like Southeast Florida and Southeast  really, South Texas, are very interesting legal environments. So, you want to have your risk bearers to be not only comfortable, but in a position where they feel like they can make money over time in those areas. So, I know that's a long winded answer to say that I believe it's more risk appetite than rate impact in the State of California.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Got you.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And, Jeff, we're going to expect that's probably going to be  unless there's a change there with the carrier around risk, that's going to probably be a headwind for the next few quarters.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Okay. And then just on Wright, was there any cat activity at all? And I mean, if  did that help margins at all there?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, it was minimal. The only thing that we really picked up was a little bit on the tail end of the storms from the second quarter in Oklahoma and Texas, but honestly, it was a really small amount. The number of claims, Jeff, that we've got so far submitted in for Joaquin is really, really small. I mean, we're talking about in the hundreds on number of claims that have come in so far and they're already slowing down. So...
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, so not enough to affect overall margin?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, not at all, not at all.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got you. And then just real quick on the contingents, which they're down $3 million, I know you guys talked about this. How much of that would you say was just from the impact of Florida versus other drivers?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's not a Florida specific thing. Remember, Andy said that, of the contingent downdraft, $2 million of the $3 million was in Wholesale, and the Wholesale footprint is all over the country with those risk bearers. So it's  I know that piece frustrates you because it's very hard to model and so we understand that, but it truly is based upon the loss experience of the entire book around the country.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Jeff, that's what makes it difficult for us to really give any sort of direction on these things because we just don't know.
Jeff Schmitt - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Thank you.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: And we'll go next to Meyer Shields with KBW Equity Research.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Two quick questions. One, I think, Powell, you mentioned that most of the improvement in Retail organic growth was from new business. Can you give us an update on what's happening with renewal retentions?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The renewal retention is generally the  in the same historic levels, and we've talked about this before. Other than the piece in Washington, which is a very unusual circumstance, I would say, generally speaking, our renewal retention in most offices is in line with our expectations.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And could you give us a little bit more color on  you talked about the Retail realignment leaders having responsibility for specific business initiatives. I'm not really sure what that refers to?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, let me give you an example. We have one leader who is charged with the strategy on small commercial and personal lines. So in that, there are similarities in the way the carriers treat that, and those are two important businesses for us. So an individual, who is one of the regional presidents, helps develop that strategy and drive that strategy across the entire Retail platform. We have one person in charge of employee benefits. We have one person in charge of large accounts, and we kind of go on down. So, each one of those is a higher level of focus in specific areas in the business. So, for example, in employee benefits, you've heard us we're impacted substantially this year by the situation in the State of Washington, but our large group in many instances is growing nicely and our small group is underperforming. And so, we're looking at ways to obviously grow overall employee benefits more quickly and have more solutions for our clients. So think of it as a senior leader, a regional president, who owns a segment of the business and he's thinking about it all the time and helping drive that strategy across the platform. Furthermore, we have additional measures and metrics that we're going to be looking at on all of those segments of business a little differently, which will highlight performance or lack of performance.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. That helps a lot. Thank you very much.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, just one quick follow-up. The Advocator Group, any observations you might have regarding the Social Security Administration's willingness to approve disability applications?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the answer is, I think that business as usual in the last several quarters. Obviously, one thing that could impact that business would be, if our government decided to shut down again. Now, we don't anticipate that and I know no one hopes for that, but I would just say, how people think about hiring or freezing in that segment of government can impact the way those approval processes  or the approval process occurs, but we are not seeing something materially different this quarter or anticipating in Q4 that we have been seeing in the past.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Dan Farrell with Piper Jaffray.
Daniel D. Farrell - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you're seeing any differences in organic growth trend by account size within commercial Retail business, large account versus your small, middle book?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's a good question. As you know, in the large account space, when you get an account, it can be very positive for your organic growth, but when you lose one, it's a real bummer. Having said that, so you have a little bit more lumpiness in an individual office on a companywide basis that moderates that impacts slightly, but I would tell you that each of our businesses are growing. What I would say is at the present time, small accounts is probably growing generally slightly slower but steadier over time.
Daniel D. Farrell - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): That's helpful. And then, I was wondering if you could just comment on what your expectations might be for capital expenditure looking ahead to 2016 relative to what we've been seeing this year?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, can I take a wag at?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: What I wanted to do is say this, and I'm going to let Andy articulate it relative to numbers, you've heard us say that we are looking to continue to invest or improve our technology platform. And so we are currently doing with our CIO, we are evaluating, one, a financial package, number one, for our financial program across the system, and two, our agency management systems. So, once again, I'm going to reiterate, this is not something that the new CFO, who is not new anymore, is going to come in and spend $50 million or $100 million, but we're going to be able to better address that come January in terms of the expected expenses for CapEx in 2016. Did you have something you wanted to add on that?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. And one of the things that we're looking at on it, Dan, is getting the split between what we think capital will be and historically, again, our capital runs kind of around $20 million to $25 million. So, how much incremental CapEx will there be in 2016 and then also how much will be OpEx, and combination of the OpEx is what is ongoing running versus in the one-time upgrade cost. So we're going through that right now. We should have a good feel when we talk to you guys in January. We just need to get kind of the  through the next 90 days. We're getting pretty close. And again, for clarity, when Powell mentions the agency management system, that's primarily all in Retail just so that we're not changing our agency management systems in the other divisions.
Daniel D. Farrell - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you very much.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to our moderators for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. Thank you, Tracy. We'd like to wish everybody a great day and we look forward to talking to you again in January. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events, or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter of 2015, and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated, or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter of 2015 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the conference over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. I'm on slide four. We delivered $419.4 million of revenue for the quarter, growing 5.4% in total and 1.9% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth again this quarter. We continued to see overall economic conditions improve slowly, which is good, however, we, like the entire industry, continued to experience headwinds related to the rate declines. The downward pressure on rates continued to be driven by good overall loss experience, minimal weather related events and a significant amount of excess capital in the market chasing returns. We expect this trend to continue unless there is a material change in one or all of these factors. As we discussed on our previous calls, teammates are our most important asset and we're continuing to make the incremental investments in new revenue producing teammates. This is mainly for producers in Retail, but also includes brokers and Wholesale. These investments impacted our margin this quarter as compared to the second quarter of 2014. We're making these incremental investments as we see the economy continuing to improve, so we can build our team to capitalize on new opportunities. We recognize this approach has some short-term margin compression, but we expect these investments in new revenue producing teammates will deliver additional organic growth and margin expansion in the future. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.43, growing 2.4% for the quarter. We're pleased to report that our board of directors has approved the purchasing of up to another $400 million of outstanding shares, which is part of our continued disciplined at capital allocation plan. We now have authorization to purchase up to $450 million of our shares with the remaining amount on the previous authorization. As I know everyone will ask, timing of any future share repurchases will be evaluated consistent with our approach to allocating capital to internal investments, acquisitions or returning it to shareholders. Also we've announced our quarterly dividend payment of $0.11 a share. Lastly, during the second quarter of 2015, we acquired four agencies with annual revenues of approximately $19 million. And for the year, we've acquired seven agencies with annualized revenues of approximately $31 million. While there are plenty of deals out there, we continue to see aggressive pricing for acquisitions, and we remain disciplined in what we pay. We believe we can continue to acquire good businesses, if they fit culturally and make sense financially. Slide five provides additional detail on some noteworthy items impacting the market. We continue to see slow economic improvement in some markets and certain areas in the country, but this is not consistent. We see exposure of unit growth in certain regions, but don't see consistent hiring across the board in the middle market. We believe this is partially driven by a lack of qualified  possibly of lack of qualified candidates, but more specifically the implications of ACA adoption that many employers are facing. We're experiencing further uptick in our private exchange offering during the quarter and now have over 4,000 covered lives, but adoption continues to be slow. We continue to see small and medium-sized employers evaluating public exchanges, technology and plan design alternatives in order to manage their healthcare and ancillary costs. Those may include partial self insurance and continuing to move to a per employee per month payment model in order to manage costs as they impalement the Affordable Care Act. Similar to what we've been seeing for a number of quarters, the favorable loss experience, the excess capital in the market and the prolonged period of limited weather events is driving most rates down. We continue to see declining rates for our coastal properties and also seeing admitted property rates trending flat, down 5% in some cases. However, we are seeing commercial auto rates generally trending up, but it really depends on the specific loss experience, and professional liability rates are flat to up 5%. Overall, weather events and the associated claims processing revenue to those events remain at very low levels and well below the 10-year average. Now, with that, let me turn it over to Andy, who'll discuss our financial performance in more detail.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Great. Thank you, Powell, and good morning everyone. Let me first discuss our overall financial results and talk about some of the key metrics for the quarter. On slide six, it shows our consolidated results for the quarter. We delivered 5.4% revenue growth and grew organically in all four divisions with a total organic rate of 1.9%. We'll discuss the drivers of this growth by division later in the presentation. Our pre-tax income declined year-over-year by 90 basis points, driven by incremental investments in teammates and the additional interest expense associated with our credit facility and bonds. We'll be on a more comparative basis in the third quarter of this year as it pertains to year-on-year interest cost. We believe EBITDAC is the most appropriate measure for comparing our performance across periods. EBITDAC for the second quarter was $137.8 million compared to $134 million (sic) [$134.8 million] last year, an increase of 2.2%. Our EBITDAC margin decreased by 100 basis points, primarily as a result of our incremental investments in new teammates, which Powell described earlier. We expect margins to experience slight downward pressure year-over-year for the next few quarters due to these incremental investments. Then, as the new teammates begin to produce revenues, profitability will rise. We continue to seek EBITDAC margins in the range of 33% to 35% range over the long term. As we've mentioned before, at times, we might be below this range on a quarterly basis as a result of incremental investments. However, we do not believe a variance outside of this range for a few quarters will impact our margins expectations as we have built a very robust operating model. Our net income decreased by 1.3% in the quarter, which is slightly larger than that of the pre-tax income. This was a result of our effective tax rate increasing a 39.6% for the quarter versus 39.3% in second quarter of last year. The increase in our effective tax rate this year was primarily driven by the State of New York's new consolidated return approach and lower tax credits. At the mid-year point of the year, we're now expecting our overall effective tax rate to be in the range of 39.5% to 39.7% range for the full year. Our earnings per share grew 2.4% and our weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased by 2.2% year-over-year, driven by $175 million of share repurchases over the last 12 months. As a reminder, we initiated a $100 million accelerated share repurchase program during the first quarter of this year and it is now projected to be completed early in the third quarter. In the current environment, we continue to evaluate share purchases as a good use of our cash to drive shareholder returns. Moving to slide seven, I'd like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Other revenues were down about $1 million year-over-year, driven by a gain on the sale of a book of business last year. This line item will fluctuate each quarter as it is not one that we can project. We did recognize just under a $1 million increase in continuous and guaranteed supplemental commissions, primarily from our Programs division. Both of these basically offset each other from a profitability standpoint. The largest driver of year-on-year growth of commissions and fees was from our net acquisitions, delivering $19.2 million of growth followed by organic growth of $7.4 million. Moving to slide eight, and transitioning from our global view of the company, we'd like to discuss each of our divisions in more detail. We'll start by looking at the Retail Division. Over the last three months, our Retail division has delivered 4% growth, primarily driven by acquisitions during the last 12 months. The organic revenue growth for the quarter is 70 basis points with a year-over-year EBITDAC margin decline of 110 basis points. Similar to the first quarter of this year, there are a number of key items impacting overall growth and profitability, which have continued into the second quarter. First, as we noted in our Q1 call, there has been a change in the State of Washington's regulation related to bona fide associations that resulted in several of our association health plans terminating as they were determined to be non-qualified. The change is continuing to impact our overall revenue growth by 60 basis points in the quarter, and margins by 30 basis points with a revenue loss of $1.2 million in the second quarter. As mentioned previously, we expect there to be about another $1 million revenue impact for each of the remaining quarters of the year and also to have an impact on our margins. Next, our small employee benefit space, which we define as the employers with less than 100 employees, we continue to see these companies to be very focused on managing their costs and trying to understand the implementation complexities of ACA. These factors have and are expected to continue to put downward pressure on our employee benefit revenues. Prcising, our small employee benefits business represents about $90 million of total annualized revenues of our total employee benefits business of $250 million. For the quarter, our large employee benefits business grew nicely on an organic basis, while our small group declined. To address this downward pressure, over the past few quarters, we've been analyzing all the complexities of ACA and what our customers need. As a result, in addition to acquiring new employee benefit capabilities through our recent acquisition of strategic benefit advisors, we're also adding employee benefit resources to support our offices and continue to keep our teammates current on the ever-changing landscape related to regulation, compliance and technology. We're planning some modest investment in incremental resources in the second half of this year that will then help facilitate growth and margin expansion of our employee benefit business in 2016. Shifting to property rates, coastal or as we call them cat property renewal rates are continuing to decline 10% to 25% as compared to the second quarter of last year. Last year, we noted that they were down 15% to 20% as compared to 2013. We are seeing consistency with what we experienced in the first quarter of this year. Property renewal rates continue downward for admitted markets and are generally plus 5% to minus 5% versus the prior year. And lastly, we're seeing workers compensation renewal rates varying from plus 5% to minus 5%, depending upon claims history. Let me move to slide nine. Our National Programs revenues grew 10.3%, mainly due to the acquisition of Wright. We continue to see interest from carriers and capital allocators to leverage our underwriting capabilities, technology and broad distribution platform. We believe our expertise and capabilities will enable us to create new programs and help drive additional growth, as we are an ideal partner for a carrier, that wants to deploy capital, but does not want to build the infrastructure. We continue to experience good growth in Arrowhead aftermarket, our lender placed business, and our personal alliance businesses. A lot of this growth was offset by our coastal property facilities, which are experiencing intense downward rate pressure of 10% to 25%, and our California workers' compensation program is being impacted by a change in the risk appetite with our carrier partner. These two programs or businesses had slightly less than a 200 basis point impact on organic revenue growth for programs in the quarter. Lastly, the Programs division EBITDAC margins benefited from the disposal of ICG in the fourth quarter of last year, continued cost discipline management, and scaling our platform. Onto slide 10, our Wholesale division had another really good quarter, reporting revenue growth of 2% and organic growth of 5.1%. This differential is related to the sale of Axiom Re that we completed in the fourth quarter of last year. The binding authority and brokerage businesses, both contributed to the positive results for the quarter and we continue to see growth across most business lines. We are seeing more net new business and we're leveraging our deep carrier relationships to help provide innovative solutions for our customers. Even while facing major downward pressure on coastal property rates in the range of negative 10% to negative 25%, our brokerage business still grew nicely for the second quarter. This is a really impressive performance as it shows the amount of new business the team is writing and retaining each and every month. The Wholesale division delivered EBITDAC margin improvement of 40 basis points. The primary driver of this expansion is due to the sale of Axiom Re in the fourth quarter of last year. Onto slide 11 and our Services division, we delivered impressive organic growth of 7.8% for the quarter. This growth is driven primarily by our social security advocacy claims processing business, that added new clients and our Medicare set-aside processing business that expanded customer relationships. While we realized some revenues related to the recent flooding in the second quarter in Texas, the incremental claims processing revenue versus the prior year was immaterial for the quarter. Our EBITDAC margin declined by 190 basis points for the quarter. The main driver of this decline is some initial on-boarding costs we've experienced associated with new client additions for our social security advocacy business. We expect margins to increase back to historical levels over the next few quarters. Onto slide 12, in the second quarter of 2014, we provided ranges of where we expected Wright to perform in its first fiscal year, which is Q3 of 2014 through the second quarter of 2015. We're pleased with the year-one performance of Wright. We delivered revenues very close to our estimates and earnings per share in line with our estimates even without material weather-related events to drive incremental revenues. As we mentioned in 2014, the original forecast included $7.5 million of revenues for weather events. For reference, this was based upon the 10-year average, but excluded Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy. In the first year, we only realized about $1 million of cat revenue for Wright. While the cat revenues were down from projections, the team has done an excellent job of managing their cost. We're also pleased with the performance of our National Schools program, our new National Municipal program and our Food program. In summary, we're very pleased with the financial and operational performance and trajectory of the business. We'd like to thank the entire Wright team for their efforts over the last year in producing solid results. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Andy, for great report. In summary, two of our divisions had a good quarter and the other two divisions were below our expectations. However, we can see they are driving the right activities to deliver long-term organic growth and profitability. We remain actively engaged in discussions with many acquisition candidates. And as I've mentioned before, closing an acquisition depends on when the seller is ready and if we can come to an appropriate financial transaction. I can tell you that we continue to be active in this space, but are being prudent and disciplined as pricing and terms continue to be aggressive. Lastly, our disciplined capital deployment strategy across internal investments, acquisitions and returns to shareholders remains a key focus to help us drive long-term shareholder value. In closing, we have some challenges and some opportunities and we're going to meet and seize them. We're energized about the trajectory of where we see growth in our incremental investments and new teammates will position us well for revenue growth and margin expansion in the future. Now, I'd like to turn it back to Tracy for the Q&A section, and if you could just explain the process to everyone on the call.
Operator: Yes, thank you. And we'll go first to Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. First question is about your employee benefit business. Looks like you're under a little bit pressure from ACA implementation. I just wonder what's your view about the process of implementing ACA for your small accounts. And do you expect that like they will  like move more towards the public exchange? And also related your comments on the recent proposed merger between Willis and Towers Watson, what would that impact your liaison relationship? Thanks.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. The first question, relative to ACA, is I believe that many small employers are all over the board in terms of their preparation, some are behind and being  getting ready for next year, some are on their way and some are already there. I do not think that ACA in and of itself is going to expedite more public exchanges as much, I mean that will be part of it, but I do think that private exchanges will be another alternative. The reason I say that about public exchanges is, as you've read in the paper, a number of those exchanges are experiencing rate increases and they will continue to experience rate increases, we believe, because of the unfavorable loss experience many of them have had over the last year due to the number of people in those pools. Having said that, I would reiterate that the private exchange is an option, not the option. And so we believe that it is, one, a technology play; two, a coverage play; three, a compliance play. And you wrap all that up and that is appealing to some smaller businesses. But we are watching very closely as that continues to develop and deploy the appropriate resources to service our clients in that under 100 space. To your second question about Willis and Towers, that's an interesting question. One, the more things change, the more they stay the same. We're constantly in a state of flux in our industry, as you know. Number two, there has been no information that I'm aware of put out on it, but I would assume and we don't assume anything that they will try to keep that separate. And we will obviously be looking for indications and assurances of which to make sure that we have that in our ongoing relationship. We also think that it's going to create some opportunities because there'll be disruption in the marketplace. So we continue to keep our eyes open for new opportunities, and I think that will be one of the many things that will create opportunities in the coming months ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that's great.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, Kai, it's Andy here. Let me also add to that. I mean one of the things that our employee benefits group does is they are always looking at technology that's out there. So they're going to constantly be evaluating other options, if we ever had something like that occur.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that's great. And then follow-up on the buybacks. So just wanted to see if a little bit more detail about it, what's the board's deliberation on the buyback program because you just initiated the first buyback programs not long ago and now run double that buyback amount. Is that a signal that you don't see a lot of acquisition opportunity to grow the business, that buyback is nice, the most attractive way to return to shareholders? And also regarding to the $400 million authorization, how is that related to your free cash flow and to your like a debt levels, the debt to EBITDA levels?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Relative to the first question, I would tell you that you're correct in saying we got a first authorization last year, which was $200 million. And in our discussions with the board, we, as you've heard us talk about before, like to have options and you heard me and Andy speak about before the three areas we try to invest our free cash. One, internally in investment  in teammates to grow the business organically; two, external investments; and three, return to shareholders. So, in our discussions with the board, the idea was that this is an unlimited authorization, so it does not mean that it has to occur in a set period of time. And so, we'll allow us to evaluate share repurchases periodically in the future. And we're going to do it just like we've done that in the past. As you've heard me say earlier, we've done $31 million of acquisitions annually year-to-date, which is on the lower end of what we've done in the past and acquisition terms and conditions are aggressive that does not mean that we're not going to do acquisitions, that means that we're going to be very selective. We also  that means that we are going to seriously consider and we have the authorization to do it, additional repurchases when we think it seems to make sense. Now, Andy, would you like to respond to the second part about the $400 million?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Kai. So, I think your question was how does the $400 million correlate to our cash flows for the year. As you guys probably have in most of your models, we generate somewhere in the range of about $350 million a year in free cash flow prior to dividends and interest. That gives you an idea where it is. I think the other one was around our debt to EBITDA levels right now, we're just a little over 2 times debt to EBITDA, but I think, as Powell and I have mentioned in the past, we're not one that's just going to go out there and do a leverage buyback, that's not just our approach on things. This is just one of the options that we want to have as an organization for flexibility, when and if we need to deploy our capital in a right way with the goal of trying to make sure that we can drive shareholder returns.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much for all the answers.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Just a follow-up and just one follow-up on Kai's question. Is there an expiration on the authorization?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: There is no authorization on the $400 million. There was an expiration or there is an expiration on the original $200 million, which we have $50 million left, which is the end of this year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then I thought I remembered the  you guys had an ASR that you announced in March and that it was expected to settle in the second quarter. It doesn't look like that came through. So, is that, Andy, maybe what you're insinuating that that's going to come through in the third quarter?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. So that was the  Michael, that was the $100 million ASR that we did just at beginning of March in the first quarter based upon volume in the marketplace and the purchasing that was being done  that would be done by the end of June. It looks like right now, somewhere around the end of July, maybe the middle of August, all really depends upon volatility that's out there.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, okay. And then, I mean, is it  I'd guess and just given those parameters of volume, et cetera that it would be unlikely to do more than that in the third quarter. Is there still the ability just given that it's a sort of a pre-arranged transaction that you could also be in the market next to that transaction?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: It would. Let me say, would we do an overlapping transaction, that would be highly, highly unlikely.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Because of the 10b-18 rules that are out there.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Great, thanks. And then just maybe, Andy, in Retail, the  can you quantify, is it possible to just get some notion in terms of how much the investments that you made in teammates impacted margins in the second quarter? I think, just to kind of try to get an idea what that headwind was in the second quarter?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, if you look back, our margins were down 110 basis points for the quarter. We mentioned in there that the association health plans out in State of Washington that had an impact of 30 basis points, leaving with us about 80 basis points, a large percentage of that was of our incremental teammates.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, got it. And then the  when I look back at second quarter last year, it was  my number was a little different on the actual. It looks like you did some reclassification. So, I'm guessing that that had some sort of a negative impact on last year's margin number. Is there a way to get an idea of what this quarter's margin would have been kind of in the old segmentation, only so that we can kind of think about apples-to-apples relative to our models?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah  no, I think if you remember back in the first quarter, we'd mentioned that, we had moved around some business units for reporting purposes, and we restated. So, yeah, we don't have the ability to go back now and tell you what it was on the previous, because everybody is in the new framework.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Any of those expected to happen or anticipated from this point forward this year or is that mostly done?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Not that we know of. I mean we would only do mid-year restatements, if something was  or reclassifications, if something was really material. And most of those were driven, if you remember, with the Acumen and Axiom disposals last year that allowed for some alignment of some businesses tighter in  across some of the divisions, but  no, don't see anything for the back end of the year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, Okay. And then just in terms of, you mentioned some expenses on the benefit side that you expect as you kind of anticipate, make more investments for  hopefully for growth and margin expansion that's coming. I also remember you guys had talked about at some point, some potential expenses on or investments on the system side. Is there a way for us to sort of quantify, just during this investment phase, a) like how long do we expect the investments part to overcome the sort of revenue piece and to be able to quantify, what that might be in terms of the headwind to margins?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Michael, this is Powell.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, Powell.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: A couple of things. Number one, good morning.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me hit the second question first and add it into the first response. Number one, we continue to evaluate the technology investments, and I believe that in the near to intermediate term, probably in the next six months to nine months, they will be able to give better clarity about how that's going to play out. So, we're not there yet on that, but we're getting close, that's number one. As it relates to the level of investment, what I want to say, and this is not going to answer your question exactly, but we always are doing a certain level of investment. As you know, we've talked about that in the past. We allocated a portion of our revenues each year to support the recruiting of people that aren't already in our budgets at a local level. That's number one and what we've done and tried to articulate to everyone in the last couple of quarter is there have been some opportunities for us to invest in people, some of them are already in the business, they have revenue producing capabilities right out of the box and some who are just very talented from other industries that we have to teach insurance to. So you've got the revenue production investment and then you've got the additional resource investment as it relates to employee benefits. We're very keenly focused on trying to grow as you know each and every segment of our business and you heard Andy say that the under 100 declined in Q2. And so we're trying to, number one, keep ahead of and provide the right solutions for our customers for that segment, all the benefits for that matter, but it will have some modest investment expenses, but we're not going to talk specifics about that in the next couple of quarters.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yes, just, if you would, Michael, our comment inside there about the next few quarters, so we're not saying couple, we're not saying years, so just to kind of give you some parameters around there. And the reason why we think it's going to put a little bit of pressure, at least some downward pressure on margins in the backend of the year, I think as we've mentioned during some of our meetings, it generally takes two years to three years and sometimes four years to get some of the newer producers up and on a positive basis with their book and everything. So that's just kind of normal run rate. But, don't take any of this and we mentioned this in the comments that we're backing off on the range that we set on our long-term margins. We said we're very comfortable at 33% to 35%. We mentioned this last year on the second quarter. We're going to kind of bump around by quarters every now and then. It's okay, it's nothing that we're getting all anxious about. We think 33% to 35% is a really good margins for the company, we're very comfortable at that range.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, yes, just a few questions. But first, I wanted to spend a little bit more time on the organic growth within the Retail segment in the quarter. I know you guys pointed out that change and more discretion in Washington and then also some of the downward trends within the employee benefits, both especially with the small businesses. I'm just  it seems like some of that was also creeping up in the first quarter as well. So, I just warrant anymore information you can give us on what kind of drove the sequential downward trend within that Retail organic growth. And then just thinking out, I guess for the balance of this year, just directionally, I guess, do you expect kind of where we're sitting today, would you expect the retail organic growth to improve from what we saw in the second quarter?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, Elyse, the first thing about the impact of Washington, I think, we laid out pretty clearly, it was a $1 million impact in Q1, it was $1.2 million in Q2 and we believe that it will be a $1 million impact in Q3 and Q4. As it relates to other than what generally occurring in Retail, I would tell you the two things that kind of were a draw or a negative draw on Retail this particular quarter, one, as you heard us say cat property rates are down 10% to 25%, that's a small portion of it. And, we had some loss business, and so you heard me talk about couple offices in the first quarter that were underperforming. And we continue to work on those underperforming offices, one quarter does not fix something. This is a multi-quarter strategy. So, I have said, and we have said that we believe that our business in Retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business. And so that's something that we're working very actively on growing more than it was this quarter and more than it was in the first quarter.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then back to just some comments that you guys made on the margins in terms of also you pointed to investments and I guess, the overall  I guess, in terms of seeing potential margin deterioration, it seems like in the next few quarters. So I'd assume that that's a comment, I guess, specifically to the overall company and then also within the Retail segment. So you're thinking as we're thinking of our models that we'll probably see your margins deteriorate, I guess, until Q1 in 2016, just any more info in terms of directional there on the margin side?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, no other direction, probably, Elyse, other than your comments that you made there with it. We're very, very positive about everything that's going on inside of the business. We see great activity in all the core areas of what we know that's going to drive long-term growth and profitability force, sometimes it doesn't happen in the immediate quarter. We'd all like to add that one that we can put over the top, it doesn't work that way, but everything is looking positive on the activities and that's why we feel really good about the business and it will come back in the appropriate timeframe.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of continued commissions, those were a bit higher this quarter, but you'd pointed to seeing the continued slowdown in the back half of the year, has anything changed on that front?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, nothing from our previous comments. I said, we picked up a little bit in programs in the second quarter. We do expect the fourth quarter to be down, so again just make sure everyone is captured that in their models and that will primarily be in programs related to our force-place business. Again we've got advance notice from Lloyd's that we will be down year-over-year so  and their ranges are still what we previously communicated.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then lastly, do you have the share count on the diluted share count at the end of the quarter?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, hold on one second, we'll give you  it's just a little over $143 million. Remember, we have the two-step methodology, Elyse. So if you look on our face, it's going to show the $139 million in there, but if you (40:45) we've got to allocate revenue or income to the participating shares. So, just a little over $143 million.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next questions from Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Couple of questions. I guess, first, I'd like to hoping to get better understand the investments in people and I guess one sort of how many people you're talking about. And two, I mean, I guess my understanding of how the business works is that there is continual churn in the business, producers come and go, you're hiring, people leave, et cetera. I guess what is different now that we're kind of getting a itemized, hey, there is a margin impact due to hiring? Is this seasoned veterans, is there's an increase in the development of young talent? What is change, where we're seeing this in the margin where we might not have seen this in the margin in years past?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So as you know, we have historically and continue to hire people from other industries that we believe can be successful in our business and we teach them insurance. So in your vernacular, I think, development of new talent is the predominant investments that we're talking about. And so we do that all the time, but we're doing more of it right now. You made a comment about the number of seasoned people, and we do do that on a sporadic or limited basis when we find very talented people that we think can fit culturally in our system. So we have made some of those investments as well. You've heard me make that comment in quarters past, specifically around Beecher Carlson, but it is not exclusive to Beecher Carlson, it is across the entire platform. And so, we have been sort of signaling this over the last several quarters that we are continuing to invest in our platform. And when I say invest, you might say, we are over-investing now relative to the historic levels. And so that is out of need, that is out of opportunity, that is out of  we think, there is  there are some people that are and will become available that will be potential good additions to our team. So I don't think, Charles, this is new, but it is new in the sense that we're saying that we are investing more in people, we are actually doing both steps, which is new talent, new to the industry and existing talent that fits culturally, and there are some opportunistic investments that we have made and we'll continue to make in people or groups of people in the near to intermediate term.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Charles, I'd like to mention, I mean, if you go back to where we're kind of standing a year ago...
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: ...we had almost this exact conversation when we talked about some of our investments. And one of the things that we communicated and committed to a year ago is that we would help provide you guys with more insight, that's what we're doing right now. So again this is just kind of a building story along through all of it in order to get there.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I guess what I'm curious about is, Powell, the opportunistic side versus the run rate. I guess what's going on and you talk about the acceleration and investment in people through need of the business, I guess the question is, why is this going to seize? So, why are we going to go to two quarters down and in the first half of 2016, the need to invest in the business and development of talent is going to somehow come back into line with where it was before and margins? I guess in the continuation, a continual flow of new investment as the business grows, it would seem that you're talking about it getting back to what it was and that would mean a slowdown in the investment come next year and I guess why is that versus today that's what I'm  I guess I'm somewhat challenged with?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, like I said, we have a system that we don't talk a lot about relative to the people, because everybody does their investments differently and we think we're different. But we have ramped up our intern program, we're hiring more people off college campuses today and there are a component of opportunistic investments. So you were correct in saying that a certain level of this will always go on. That is correct. You're right. But I will tell you that today and in the future, if the right opportunities present themselves, we will make opportunistic investments in our business. So what you might be thinking is this. Let's call it what it is. There are a lot of acquirers out there, some of whom are paying what we might consider ridiculous prices in certain transactions. We are considering making investments in people, where there isn't any so-called acquisition, but bringing those capabilities and talents on to our team that is a short-term margin hit until the revenue comes with them. And so, you are correct in saying that there will continue to be an ongoing expense. But I can assure you that there are components to these investments, which are opportunistic and we will continue to explore those when we're in an environment, where acquisition pricing is up and we want to get more talent on our team in certain areas to serve our client base.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And finally, can I just ask about the size of the buyback authorization. I guess relative to the $200 million one you did last year with the ASR still going on and as you said, there's limitations on due to volume or volatility and how that can be executed, but if I think of the ASR that started in March and it's going to go through August, so you're talking about a six-month, five-month, six-month, seven-month timeframe, why $400 million? I guess if I look at the $200 million and the timeline it took, it seems to be  if I look at that just trajectory pretty long into the future and just guess any additional thoughts on the concept of where that number came to relative to cash flow or market cap or flow?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So as you know, we have $50 million of the authorization outstanding, which actually expires on December 31 of this year. And the $400 million does not have an expiration date. And so, when I spoke to the board about what we want to do, I asked for a larger authorization, which would give us more of a window to invest over time and to continue to look at it on a case by case basis as we make investments, whether we do acquisitions, whether we invest internally or whether we buy it back. There was not a  I mean, there was a discussion around free cash and market cap and all that. But basically what it was is we bought  at that particular authorization, $150 million in a year and if we got $400 million, we believe they gave us a multi-year, potentially, ability to buy our stock back, if we think it is the right time to do it.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And Charles, I mean just, again, maybe keep in mind the $200 million that was approved last year, it was the only buyback in our history, it's the first time that the company has approved and it was executed on one. So it was an initial step and that's why, there were some parameters put around that one. Now, as Powell mentioned, we want to have the flexibility as an organization not be constrained on a specific time period, and to be able to utilize this as part of our capital allocation. Not uncommon for most companies to have an authorization at that percentage of market cap. You can go out and look at some of our peers that are out there. They're not far off on the numbers as well as other companies. So pretty common, what we've done.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I appreciate all the color. Thanks, guys.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning everyone.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: My first question  good morning. My first question, I was wondering if you could talk about growth as it relates to retention by segment, it's a very competitive market always, have the competitive dynamics changed? Are you retaining more business than you have in the past in each of the segments? Are you writing more gross new business and retaining  I guess what's the math behind the retention versus churn sort of dynamics that's putting together these numbers right now?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, what I would, on a macro level, say that there are some businesses that are impacting or drawing down on that for several reasons, depending on the actual segment itself. So let's talk about retail for a moment. We continue to write a lot of new business, but as I referenced last quarter and this quarter as well, there are several offices that have underperformed. And in those underperformance, typically what you find is, there is a higher loss business in those offices than elsewhere. So an example that we've talked specifically about would be in the State of Washington with the health plans. Now that was an action in the state, but still that's an inordinately high amount of loss business in that particular business unit this year. Is there an opportunity to get some of that back in the future? Maybe. But that was a decision made at a local or statewide basis. If you think inside of Wholesale for a moment, you have the biggest impact in Wholesale is the downward pressure on catastrophic property rates. And so, Wholesale has performed very, very well, not only this quarter, but this year and last year and grown even in the face of some of that early downward pressure, but as that pressure mounts, it is harder to grow that large property business. The impact on binding authority is slightly less, but there are still downward rate pressure on binding authority business. They have done a really good job of the retention of their account and writing a lot of new business. Inside of Programs, you're going to have certain businesses that are involved with catastrophic property that have had a negative impact right out of the box. So remember, you have one carrier partner we're working with. We're trying to underwrite over a long period of time to a profitable loss ratio and you have a number of other standalone or E&S markets come in and undercut that pricing, which if we keep it, it's down dramatically or if we don't, it is we lose the entire account. Also Andy referenced the workers' compensation change in appetite. So it's not uncommon in certain instances in some of our programs, where if they've had the carrier partners had a little bit of a hiccup or doesn't like to see the development that they're seeing, they may change the underwriting guidelines slightly and that would impact our ability to renew some of the existing business and write new business in that segment. Whatever that is, it's not necessarily workers' compensation, it could be any class of business that we write on a programs basis. So what I would tell you is, it's a combination of, one, rate pressure in some instances; two, loss business in a couple of offices, some of that is not as much as Retail, but in Programs and in Wholesale; and three, the general stake of the environment, which is in the middle market, it is all right, and it's kind of bumping along, but we're not seeing a lot of people adding a lot of lives or the exposure unit growth is not significant across the country, across all segments. So, that's how I'd answer your question.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And in the other income segment on the P&L, it's small but in the past, we've spoken about and it was going to get a much smaller and then, there is little surprise, it looks like it did in previous quarters this quarter, is that anomaly now or should we expect other income to be smaller in the future?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah so, I think, Josh, we talked about this on previous calls. And starting this year what we assuming  starting in the fourth quarter of last year, we started reporting the gains, losses on sales of businesses down in the expense section to get rid of that noise out of revenue. All that was  should sit up inside of other income now going forward as if we have legal settlements or some sort of judgments, the number should be pretty small in nature. We had a settlement this quarter. So, again, that probably not be an area that you want to, I think everybody seems to do this, they put $1 million, $1.5 million, $2 million in there, that one is going to float up and down, it could be zero sometimes.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And do you feel this quarter is higher than average? I mean, I'm not putting average number in there it's all I can do is that do you think this quarter  I think $1 million in average or do you have any thought on that?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: This quarter would be probably higher than normal because of the judgment that we had.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Could you talk a little bit about how  when you've got  looking at the National Programs segment, you talked about the change in carrier appetite for California workers' compensation. What's your process here for responding to that, finding another carrier or whatever?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we have multiple carriers that we've work with. And so, some  the  what I'm referring to you specifically is one of the larger carriers and some of the other carriers maybe able to pick up some of that. And we're constantly talking with our carrier partners to make sure that we have, to the extent possible, some overlap in some of the programs that have multiple carrier partners. And so, as I said, this is  we just used that as an example which is true that it was impacted in workers' compensation, but it could be the same in another programs as well. So we're always trying to work with our carrier partners to, one, make sure that it can be a profitable program for them over the long-term and that we can continue to write the amount of new business that we want to and retain the business we want to grow our business organically in line with what we want and what they want.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Should we expect the shortfall in the quarter to then be made up when you find another carrier that's going to write this business?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, once again, I would tell you that, that's assuming everything else is in sort of a steady state environment and so, as I've said in other programs, other than that workers' compensation, we have significant downward pressure on coastal property, for example. And so, if in fact, you had the uptick in workers' comp, which you could have, but you could have more pressure on coastal property, which means that would not be an offset, it depends on the aggregate. And so if you isolate it in one program, which we have, as you know, over 35 programs, that I think it could be correct, but I think it's not a correct statement, when you have multiple programs like we do and so you could have other things happening in other programs simultaneously.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Meyer, and we kind of  because of the  we can have these ups and downs by the quarters, we also kind of looked at where are we at the half year, where are we on a trailing 12 months for Programs. And that gives us a better feel for trend on the business and we don't see the second quarter is actual the trend. So kind of look back over the history, that gives a better perspective of kind of at least our outlook on things.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And to that point, Meyer, there is  Andy called out in the deck, that the impact of the couple of those programs this quarter was just under 200 basis points.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Right.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Some of that could change in Q3, but I would tell you that the coastal property pressure, we believe, is going to continue, at least for the foreseeable future.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ryan Byrnes from Janney.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I just want to add a question on Wright. Obviously, as we get to wind season here, I just wanted to  I know, you guys have given the average kind of revenue associated to catastrophes the last 10 years, but that excludes two big years, wanted to get an idea as to how big Wright's revenues were with Katrina and Sandy, just sort of to get a  just a piece of  just to have an idea of what could happen there?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. Maybe probably, Ryan, the way to think about that one is think about the $7.5 million incremental, that's off of those storms, because again those two storms were historic in nature, right? And so, if you go back, and again, this kind of gives a perspective and a lot of people say, wow, there should be a lot of revenue coming out of Texas. We made the comment that it was immaterial for us for the quarter. We ended up with a few  probably, in Wright, it was just a little over 3,000 claims in total for all of the storms, so it wasn't much. If you go back and you look at Sandy, we had over 20,000 claims. So these are, I mean, we are at very, very low levels right now. So unless there was a major storm or storms come through at that level, we continue to expect very low revenues in this arena.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And to specifically address your question, Ryan, we don't have that right here in front of us. We could get it, but we don't have that right here in front of us relative to the  but it is substantially higher than that.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So, it will be a 2X of the average or  I'm just trying to get a ballpark. I mean I realized (01:02:58) the right way to think about it  it'd be a multiple of...
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think it's a multiple of, but I don't think you can just say 2X, because every event is different, obviously. So I think that's kind of you're walking a tightrope on that one. But I would say, it is materially more and it could be 1X, 2X, 3X. It could depending on the size and the complexity and the devastation of the storm.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Ryan, we're not trying to be cagey you on this one. I think we want to go back though and give you guys projections on previous storms for going forward, just because of all the variables inside of them.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yeah, sure. Just help to see how much they could grow? And then my second question, my last question is, can you guys just maybe walk me through the thought process that you guys go through when you think about doing buyback versus doing a deal? Let's say, you have the opportunity to do a deal, let's say, again more expensive now, let's say anywhere from 10 times to 11 times EV to EBITDA and then compare that to buying your stock at I don't know 9 times, 9.5 times, how do you guys, if you have those two options, can you maybe just walk us through how you evaluate that?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, obviously there is a financial consideration of which you did some very basic math right there that would be part of it, number one. Number two, it would be  the second thing would be the capabilities and the talent of the team. And so, you have seen us make larger acquisitions announced at 10 times EBITDA that was slightly more than what we were trading at, at the time and we believe  and so we felt at the time that the capabilities that the group presented made sense for us to make that acquisition. And so we weigh the talent, the capability, the specialization, if there is a segment that we're trying to expand or get into, if it's a capability that we're trying to enhance that we have but make better or we don't have on the team, all of those are put in our considerations. We look at a number of financial metrics back in part one and that could be anything from return on invested capital to internal rates of return to margins, growth, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera; organic growth on their part, all kinds of things; profitability over a period of time; and so, we continue to do that. And so, we think that, as I've said in the current marketplace for acquisitions, it is competitive and as you say, the multiples are up. And so, at face value, if you are just doing a financial calculation based on what you just said, then you might say, well, you might buy some stock, and that is part of the  part of the evaluation, but you have to look real closely at each one of those acquisitions and see how they will help us not only now but in the future.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Ryan, and if you look at this year, a great example of we're doing both. And Powell mentioned in his comments as we can still acquire good businesses, if we got the cultural fit in place and we can come up with the right financial transaction. We've acquired seven businesses over $30 million this year. We've also bought back some shares. So this is, when we talk about our capital allocation methodology and the disciplined nature to it, this is where we try to balance across all of these and sometimes we'll be doing more of one or less. Sometimes, we'll do both at the same time. But, our goal was we're trying to drive shareholder returns.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we want the option to do all three.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Exactly.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So that, like I said, what we've tried to do is give ourselves options. And so, we believe that we have that now. We did that through working on our capital structure last year. We've done that through our share repurchases, year-to-date. We've done that through the authorization of $400 million. But all along, we continue to invest in our business and are looking for additional acquisitions.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ryan.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Klauber from William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Oh, thanks. Good morning everyone.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Couple of the questions, what's the organic rate running at and did rate help the program margin during the quarter?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: See, so let me go back on, so on the margins itself for the quarter is, yes it did have  I'll answer the second one first and then come back to it, is it did have a benefit or as that (01:08:47) we know that business itself has a little bit of seasonality to the profitability a little bit, but total rate, as we disclosed previously and has it's been running, is up in the 30% margin business and again it flows back and forth, anywhere it can go from a 36% to 32% in that ballpark. Second quarter generally a little bit higher and third quarter a little bit higher and...
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...in that business, so some benefit inside of there.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But again, we try to look at it over the full year based upon its cost base inside of there.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And then, overall business is performing well. We talked about our new programs that we have inside of there within schools, foods and new National Program. When we look at flood itself, on it, Adam, is one of the things that we try to do to figure out how we're doing and how we're performing in the marketplace is we look at our total policies in effect, and we look at that as a percentage of all of those written by FEMA and what we've seen over the last year is that our percentage of the total is continuing to increase. So with that we feel like the business is performing really well at this stage.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful, and then finally at Wholesale, clearly that's being impacted by the negative property. Wholesale, you typically have that accordion where business flows back and forth between the standard and the E&S market. Where are we in that accordion right now?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think that the accordion would be twofold. I think from a liability standpoint, I think that it's probably some of those that were viewed as E&S potential accounts are being seriously considered by standard markets, but that's on liability not property. On property, I believe it's  the way I would describe is, it's a little bit like a free for all. I call it like the battle royal in wrestling, and so you have a bunch of people and they're wrestling for accounts and then periodically, you have one or two or three new wrestlers come in and get into the ring. And so that adds to the excitement, it also adds to the chaos and driving market rates down. So and some of those newer players have very big balance sheets. So, I think that the property space will continue, and E&S will continue to be E&S-centric, you're kind of you're E&S or you're not E&S for the most part. But on liability and some of the others, as the market continues to shift, the carriers are looking for areas to grow their business, liability in Wholesale maybe one of those.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Billingsley from Compass Point.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Good morning. I just wanted to clarify a couple of answers you had before, so it's just like a follow-up. One of those was on the workers' comp partner...
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Can you speak up, Ken, you're sounding really faint, sorry.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Is that better?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. You sound better. It's much better. Thank you.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: All right. So I just wanted to ask some kind of clarification questions on some comments from earlier. I know this is only one of many things you mentioned, but on the workers' comp appetite declining for that one partner, what were they seeing specifically, was it an internal issue or external issues that's causing them to back away?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I would say, I think that they saw something in a market, which was limited to a certain geographic area. And yet the filing they had didn't allow them  after they did a loss analysis in that area, the filing with the state did not allow them to address it on a geographic basis, it had to be more of a state basis. So you have that  I think that's maybe more than you wanted to know, but I would consider it a little bit of both, if that makes sense. And so, if you had a different filing, if they had had a different filing, I think they could have dealt with it differently. So, like I said, those are things that you work through with your carrier partners and we work through with them.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: So it's likely that they would return or want to do more once they can get their filing in order?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, that would be what I would like it to be and we'd like. I can't answer that, because I don't have that information right here with me today. I know that we are talking to them and/or our other carrier partners about the ability to write that class of business in question. So, like I said, maybe it's more information than you want, but in the Program business, if you think about it, we are an outsourced insurance company, as you know. And in doing so, we work with our partners very closely to make sure we have the right filings. In some states, that's very easy, and some states that's more complicated. And so, file and use versus an approval versus all kinds of different variations. And so, we try to work with them the best we can and then we're presented with a challenge or an opportunity with this either try to work with them and get it in a position with a new filing that'll works for them, I don't know if they will do yet or not. We don't know that, or is there another carrier partner that works with us that will be able to take up some of that.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Okay. Then on the stock buyback, on the $100 million accelerated stock repurchase that you mentioned in the press release, is this in reference to the prior one or is this going to be a new $100 million ASR?
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. No, Ken, it's relates to the one that we announced back in beginning of March.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Okay.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And that was, again just for sequence on this, we did initially a $50 million on the initial $200 million, then we did the $100 million in March and that leaves us with $50 million on that $200 million. And that's what we mentioned that  the $100 million we just did should be completed here end of July, sometime in mid-August.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the reason it's not done is not because we don't want it done, it's because we can't buy in the open market, it can't buy that in, because of the trading volume.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Right, correct.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, and it's just  because we're underneath of an ASR, in this case, we've got JPMorgan as our agent on this and it's up to them to manage what they buy in the marketplace off of volatility and how they can purchase versus the VWAP or volume weighted average price. So it's really up to them, we don't actually direct the day-to-day buying. So, our goal is hopefully, we're going have it done by June, but we didn't, but that's all right. Couple of weeks is nothing significant in grand scheme of things.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Okay. And the last question was a  it's  again, it's a follow-up on the M&A side. And I might have missed this, but normally when we listen to these calls, everyone talks about the robust pipeline of M&A activity and maybe I missed that comment. But can you talk about if there's any change or shift in kind of attitudes towards that? I know you mentioned that's more competitive and multiples were up. But could you talk about maybe why you're not as robust maybe with the pipeline expectations? And then where is that competition coming from, is it coming from the private side, public side, is it private equity?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I would say that the biggest participant in this is private equity. And so, Ken, if you go back to 2006, as an example, 29% of all transactions announced were done by financial institutions, banks. And only 4% were done by private equity firms. In there, you have a big group of the public buyers and you have some private buyers. But in 2013 and 2014, private equity was 44% and 43% of the announced transactions. And in that same period, banks were only 8% and 5% of the transactions, while the publicly-traded brokers, the percentage in the 20%s which has remained fairly confident over the entire period of time. So we're starting to see private equity buy private equity, which I think is many times an indication of a frothy environment. And so  but there are other publicly-traded firms that you know that are announcing transactions and there are some private firms, but it's predominantly private equity. We are always talking to people out there always. And as I've said before, how and when or why and when they sell is different and unique to each one. We would tell you and quite honestly, the reason that we did not make that comment at this time is because the pricing continues to be very competitive. It's not that there aren't a number of transactions out there. There are actually a lot of transactions and there's a lot of activity because of the speculation of these high or higher multiples. But we are going to continue to stick to our knitting, which is we are trying to execute better every day. We want to sell more accounts and we want to retain the existing clients that we have. We want to work really closely with our carrier partners, which enable us to have additional success, investing in our teammates all along the way and driving long-term shareholder returns for our stockholders.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: And then, the last question I have that relates to that is, so looking if it's the higher multiples being paid, regardless of who's doing that, what is different in that business model that paying a higher multiple makes sense, given the current market conditions and where organic growth prospects are likely to be over the next 18 months to 24 months?
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So as you know, there can be a pro forma. And sometimes, there is a pro forma of a pro forma. And anybody can make any pro forma, make any number look good or potentially good. And some people are willing to accept lower returns than others. And so, if you were in a, for example, private equity firm and you were expecting a 20% IRR and on the pro forma of the pro forma as best we can see, if it couldn't be higher than 14% or 15% or 16%, then that's just a decision that they've made. As it relates to  some people maybe don't look at their return on invested capital as closely and maybe they do. But sometimes people bake in and calculate synergies from existing businesses that they already have, which might make a pro forma look a little differently or maybe a little rosier. And so, everybody does it differently. And since I haven't worked at those other firms, I don't know exactly, I can only speculate. But I can tell you that we put our performance together, we feel comfortable with our performance. And as I like to say, it's a multiple of what. I've had several people asked me that some people may be saying, they're paying 7 times. And I say is that 7 times revenue, is that 7 times a pro forma of 2018 earnings, is it 7 times of what? So, I don't think it's so much the multiple number it is, what is  what are the earnings that they're calculating and that's where I think sometimes there is a divergence in that discussion. So it's very interesting, it sometimes is challenging, sometimes comical, but we keep going and different people are going to make  typically people buy emotionally and justify it intellectually, so they will go where they think that they will be best served unless the number is so unusual and if nobody else can get to it. So it's a very people oriented business as you know and we continue to talk to all of these people to try to set ourselves up for the opportunity to acquire them if that's  when and if that opportunity presents itself.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Ken, (01:23:22) and when we look at this space, lot of the really high multiples are  appears to be the really high multiples being paid by the private equity side, as Powell mentioned. There  their strategy is there is an exit to it, right, that means there is a liquidity event at some point in the future
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Right.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And so that helps them quite often drive the returns and if you're someone like ourselves as a strategic buyer, we've got to make sure that we're going to get the appropriate returns over time because we don't have a liquidity event on, we're planning on buying the asset and holding it for a really long time, having it part of our team that's out there. So it's just a different philosophy maybe as to how each company thinks about returns inside of it.
Ken G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Great. I appreciate you're taking my questions. Thank you.
R. Andrew Watts - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to our moderators for any closing or additional remarks.
J. Powell Brown - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thank you, Tracy, and thank you all for your time today. We look forward to talking to you at the end of Q3 as we continue to work on our opportunities and our challenges and thank you. If you have additional questions, I know Andy will be reachable throughout the day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - CFO, EVP and Treasurer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Mark Hughes - SunTrust Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Adam Klauber - William Blair Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated 2015 First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the Companys anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2015 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a numbers of factors. Such factors include the Companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2015 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the Company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the Companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the Companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligations to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Kristy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for earnings call for Q1. Were pleased with our results for the quarter, so lets get right into the key points. On Slide 4, youll see we delivered $404.3 million of revenue for the quarter, growing a 11.2% and 3.8% organically. Each of our four divisions delivered organic growth. The overall market conditions continue to improve with the exception of a few areas, which well cover on the next slide. Our GAAP earnings per share was $0.39, growing 8.3% for the quarter, excluding the change in acquisition earn outs payable, we grew our earnings per share at 5.3% to $0.40 a share. As part of our capital allocation plan, we initiated a $100 million accelerated share repurchase program during the quarter. This repurchase is part of the $200 million plan approved by our board of directors in the second quarter of 2014. We anticipate the completion of this repurchase during the second quarter of this year. Upon completion we will have then $50 million that still may be repurchased under the approved $200 million plan. Lastly, during the first quarter of 2015, we acquired three agencies with annualized revenues of approximately $12.6 million. While there are lots of potential transactions out there, we continue to see aggressive pricing for acquisitions. We continue to be very disciplined in what we pay, as were looking for organizations that fit culturally and makes sense financially. Slide 5 provides additional color on some noteworthy items impacting the market. Were seeing some areas with good economic improvement and associated exposure unit growth, such as Indianapolis, Atlanta, Portland and numerous cities in Florida. Theyre doing much better than a year ago. However, any communities with significant oil related businesses have slowed significantly. We also experienced further uptake in our private exchange during the quarter, but adoption continues to be slow. We continue to see small and medium sized employers evaluate the public exchanges, technology and plan design alternatives. Those may include partial self-insurance in order to manage cost. With the excess capital on the market, along with the prolonged period of limited weather events, coastal property rates remain under significant pressure. Also admitted rates continue to moderate downwards. However, were seeing commercial auto rates generally trending up, but that really depends on loss experience. With all of the excess capital on the market and our large distribution network and capabilities, we continue to see interest in our various programs and wholesale offerings. With a lack of weather events, several of our claims processing businesses are operating at historical lows for revenues and operating profits. In summary, were pleased with our organic revenue and earnings per share growth for the quarter and this was all made possible through the hard work of our more than 7,700 team mates. Now, Ill turn it over to Andy to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thanks, Powell and good morning everyone. Before I get started, I want to let everyone know that we had some adjustments to prior years division on numbers in order to reflect our current year segmental structure. So if youre looking at last years presentation from the first quarter, youll see a few material changes within the divisions. Let me go ahead and get started with our financial results and talk about some of the key metrics for the quarter. On Slide 6, it shows our GAAP results. Id like to highlight that we delivered a 11.2% revenue growth in the quarter and are very pleased with our 3.8% organic revenue growth. Ill talk more about margins and key drivers on the next slide. Our earnings per share grew 8.3% and our weighted average number of shares outstanding decreased by 1.3% year-over-year, primarily driven by our share repurchases in the second half of last year. Moving to Slide 7, in similar to previous quarters what we try to present on this slide is a better view of our underlying performance. The amounts presented are the as reported GAAP results, which were then adjusted for the change in estimated acquisition earn out payables. On the right hand side of the slide, we removed the results of Wright due to the large size of that acquisition and the lack of comparability with the prior year. As we previously discussed, the revenue associated with Wright is seasonal and the expenses have less variability. Consequently Q1 is the lowest revenue in margin period for the business. Overall the Wright acquisition is performing well across its three business lines. Later we will talk about the quarterly performance and outlook. While our total revenues grew 11.2%, when we separate the revenues related to Wright, we grew the top line by 4.2%. Our adjusted pretax income grew by 2%. The additional interest of cost associated with our credit facility and bond impacted income before income tax by approximately 3 percentage points. We believe EBITDAC is the most appropriate measure for comparing our performance across periods as it has a closed proxy for cash generation. EBITDAC for the quarter was $131.8 million compared to $119.5 million last year. A growth of 10.3% and excluding Wright, our EBITDAC growth was 4.1%, thereby growing in line with underlying revenues. Excluding Wright, our EBITDAC margin decreased by 10 basis points which was driven by lower contingence and lower gains on sales versus the prior year. We continue to see EBITDAC margins in the 33% to 35% over the long term. Net income for the period grew 2.9% on an as reported basis and excluding Wright by 2.7%. This was primarily impacted by the incremental interest expense of $5.8 million in the first quarter as compared to the prior year. As a reminder our credit facility and public bonds provide us with capacities to draw upon for acquisitions when they become available. They extend our maturity ladder and reduce our exposure to rising interest rates. By capitalizing on the favorable credit markets, our blended cost of debt is now 3.3%. Partially offsetting the increased interest expense was a lower effective tax rate of 39.3% for the quarter, compared to 39.6% for Q1 of last year. The lower rate for Q1 of 2015 was driven by some tax credits that will primarily only be realized in Q1 of this year. We anticipate are effective rate to be around 39.5% for the remainder of 2015 as we continue to model the impact of recent finalized state tax law changes primarily in New York state.  Adjusting earnings per share increased to $0.40 in the first quarter, which was a $0.02 or 5.3% improvement over the prior year. Moving to Slide 8, Id like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. We talked about our total revenue and when you look at the components, the largest driver was from net acquisitions delivering $36.1 million, followed by organic growth $12.2 million and then the changes in contingence in guaranteed supplemental commissions that declined $1.5 million and other revenue that declined by $1.1 million. We realized a $1.5 million decrease for the contingence in GSCs, which were substantially related to our Proctor business that is in our National Programs Division. Please remember that Proctor realized $3.3 million of incremental contingence in the fourth quarter of 2014, as the Career completed their calculations early, with about $2 million of this coming from the first quarter of this year, which moved into the fourth quarter of last year. We expect Proctors contingence to be realized in the fourth quarter of this that had been informed from the Career that they expect the amount to be materially below 2014 due to loss experience. Please take this in consideration when building your outlook for the reminder of the year as the goals for contingence and GSCs does not appear to be in line with organic revenue growth. Moving to Slide 9, and we talk about each of our divisions in a bit more detail. Our Retail Division delivered 6.2% growth partially driven by acquisitions completed within the last 12 months and our underlying organic growth was 1.6%, our year-over-year EBITDAC margin decreased by 90 basis points, which Ill talk more about in a moment. Lets talk about revenue growth first as we know everyone is always interested in how Retail is doing. Well, there are three main factors that need to be considered when evaluating the performance of the Retail Division for this quarter. First, is that there has been a change in the state of Washington regarding a loss governing association health plans. Last year the insurance commissioner changed the states historical approach to Bonafide Association. As a result, several of our association health plans had to terminate. Weve lost about $1 million of revenue in the first quarter of this year, which impacted retail organic growth by about 60 basis points and EBITDAC margins by 25 basis points. We expect our state of Washington association health plan business to be down approximately $1 million each quarter for the remainder of 2015 and have an impact on margins. Second, is that CAT property rates continue to be under pressure as Powell mentioned earlier. While we are still seeing our commercial lines businesses growing year-over-year, their growth has been impacted versus last year as CAT property rates are down 10% to 20% or in some cases even more. Were also experiencing rates for middle lines of business further moderating downward with the exception of commercial auto. And third is that we are continuing to see small and medium size employers evaluate policy exchanges, technology and plan out design alternatives to manage their cost. As we stated on previous calls, it is not unusual for our reported quarterly EBITDAC margins to fluctuate as we make incremental investments in our businesses that will drive future results. Therefore, we expect divisional margins will [indiscernible] as a result of this activity. Moving to Slide 10, our National Programs division, revenues grew by 29.9% mainly due to the acquisition of Wright. We continue to experience good growth in personal property, automobile after market, Sports and Entertainment and we continued to see interest from careers in leveraging our broad distribution platform. Offsetting some of this growth was our Florida Intracoastal Underwriters business which is experiencing intense pressure on rates which is also affecting contingence. During Q1 of this year we recognized about 1.4 million of differed revenue at Proctor, excluding this revenue organics growth Programs Division would have been approximately 2.1%. The primary drivers to the 270 basis point margin compression for the quarter are the seasonality of Wright, which we discussed earlier and the impact of the shift in contingence for Proctor. Overall, we are pleased with the performance of our Programs Division for the quarter. On to Slide 11, our Wholesale division had another great quarter reporting revenue growth of 3.6%, an organic growth of 7.3%. This differential is related to the sale of Axiom Re that we completed in the fourth quarter of last year. The Binding Authority and Brokerage Businesses both contributed to the positive result for the first quarter and we continue to see growth across most business lines. We are seeing more net new business and we are leveraging our deep career relationships to help provide innovative solutions for our customers, even while facing major downward pressure on coastal property rates in the range of 10% to 20% or more. The Wholesale Division delivered EBITDAC margin improvement of 290 basis points. Approximately 100 basis points of this improvement is associated with the disposal of Axiom Re. This business generates significant lower margins than the average for the Wholesale Division. Even with this item excluded, the margins improved by close to 200 basis points. Similar to last year, we do expect that margins will fluctuate on a quarterly basis due to investments. So please do not model or expect this type of a margin expansion every quarter. On to Slide 12 and to our Services Division, we delivered impressive organic growth of 10.5% for the quarter. This growth was partially benefitted by some non-recurring revenue realized by one of our TPA businesses. Excluding this revenue, organic growth would still be approximately 8.5% which is very impressive. We realized strong growth in most profit centers with the exception of our claims processing businesses that are dependent on weather events. The largest driver of organic growth is from our social security advocacy business.  In addition, our workers compensation claims processing business continues to benefit from a large new client we won in the second quarter of 2014. Please keep this in mind when you are updating your models for the second quarter as the organic growth rate for services will probably be in the low single digits. Our margin expanded for the second quarter as we continue to operate efficient claims processing businesses. So in summary, we are pleased with the top line growth and flow through for each of our divisions. Moving to slide 13, in the second quarter of last year, we provided ranges of where we expect Wright to perform for its first fiscal year, which is the second quarter of last year through the second quarter of this year. The performance of the underlying business is in line with our expectations. As we mentioned previously in 2014 the original forecast included $7.5 million of revenues for weather events. For reference, this was based upon the 10 year average excluding hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy. Due to the lack of storms, the first fiscal year for Wright is expected to be below this historical level. Please note there is a small amount of CAT revenue included in the projection for the second quarter. With that let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, for a good report. Id like to conclude our remarks with two topics. One, acquisitions and two, retail. As you heard us say we acquired $12.6 million of annualized revenues in Q1. Weve looked at a number of acquisitions that did not fit culturally or we could not come to an agreement financially. Sellers were focused on many things, but the money is a big one. As you know, we are disciplined buyers. In 2006, 4% of the announced transactions were done by private equity. In 2013 and 2014, private equity did 44% and 43% respectively. There is a lot of activity in the acquisition space and some are willing to pay amounts we wont. This is not to say that we cannot do acquisitions, but to give you a flavor of the acquisition landscape, we continue to think they are opportunities, but they tend to come in waves. Now on to retail, weve grown retail organically 12 quarters in a row. Retail internal growth for 2012 was 1.3%, for 2013 it was 1.3% and 2014 it was 2%. What are we doing? Weve made incremental progress overtime. If we take out our bottom five retail offices which represent 8% of the retail revenue, our internal growth would be 2.9%. The change in the Washington association health plans is done. Were down a million in Q1 and expected to be down a million in each of the following quarters in 15 and thats by a law change. The other four offices we have an intense focus on to improve their performance. In closing, we feel good about our overall performance for Q1 and each division is positioned for ongoing profitable growth. We are also continuing to evaluate internal investments, external acquisitions and returns to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, all with the goal of long-term stock appreciation. With that Id like to turn it back over to Kristy, to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning, just a few questions. The first is, there have been some headlines recently concerning the National Flood Program and I know Brown & Brown obviously had a decent amount of exposure through the Wright acquisition. If you could just kind of comment on whats going on their potential exposure and I guess your outlook on your continued, I guess Wrights continued involvement with the National Flood Program going forward.
Powell Brown: Okay. Good morning, Elyse. First, we are committed to warn our policy holders, Wright flood and our partnership with FEMA. This is a complicated situation, but [indiscernible] were committed to working through the issues to the best result for our policy holders. These events as you know occurred before we purchased Wright. It is our standing position not to comment on ongoing litigation, but we are working through the issues to the best result of our policy holders.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, just one follow-up question on that. Did that happen before you guys completed the acquisition? Would you be kind of on the hope [ph] or do any kind of, you can push back if there were some kind of finds to Brown & Brown through the owner Wright proceeding on you purchasing it?
Powell Brown: We will be evaluating all forms of expense reimbursement.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then a couple of other questions on in terms of on the things like the non-harms stock based compensation was a bit lower on a quarterly basis earlier than you had guided to for the year, anything on that or that was changed [indiscernible]?
Andy Watts: Hi, good morning Elyse. No, nothing unusual in nature, I think the range that we still gave somewhere around $7.5 million, again its going to - will float a little bit by quarter, but no unusual underlying changes there.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then if we think about the retail segment and I appreciate the added color to this quarter, obviously we know now the impact the arms change in Washington, but as we think on just kind of go into colors [ph] of the balance for 2015 to directionally putting everything together that you said, would you expect it to pick up overall level of growth from what we saw in the first quarter?
Powell Brown: Elyse, like I said, we dont give specific organic growth guidance. Weve said that retail business is a load of mid-single digit organic growth business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then on the margin side, I know youd mentioned and then talking of some of the segments that internal investments that you guys have been making. Is there any ways for us to better break out the overall impact that these investments are having on your margins? Is there a way that you can kind of pinpoint that either of those segments on just on a consolidated basis?
Powell Brown: We have not come up with a way to do that yet Elyse. Quite honestly, we have been making internal investments in our business since the beginning of time. Its just we have articulated it to make sure that everybody understand that in order to continue to provide the services and capabilities to our clients thats all around people and systems and capabilities. So we really havent broken it out and its something were going to continue to do. Weve said in the past that weve allocated 1% of our total revenues annually to a peoples fund, which is a way that we help defray some of the cost at the local office level when were hiring people that are originally in their budgets, but thats the full extent of which weve shared in the past.
Andy Watts: And Elyse, I would also add to it. If you remember last year, we had a lot of conversations about wholesale, right. During the first half of the year versus second half and we were making investments in team mates and it kind of flows back and forth. Yes, just kind of keep that as the backdrop as we continue to go through overtime, but utilize that 33% to 35% as the range that were trying to seek to operate inside upon the EBITDAC margins, okay.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks so much and thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Well go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. The first question is probably its on the acquisition side, you mentioned you see increasing competition particularly coming from the private equity funds, what were you exactly talking about in terms of pricing differential? Is there quite a big gap between like from private equity can offer and youre willing to offer?
Powell Brown: Well, youve heard us talk about before that pricing and it all depends on what youre definition of EBITDA is. So I always like to say, theres the devils and the details, but when you hear about eight and nine and ten times an EBITDA multiple, what EBITDA are you talking about, but at the end of the day there are certain things that private equity for example maybe willing to do in the short-term that we would not be willing to do. And so Im not going to say it a multiple amount per say, its just an amount that is in excess of what we think is the asset would be worth and so in the event that occurs we pass. We saw a situation recently where we were involved in one - whats not private equity, an insurance company bought something and it was a business that we thought there was a good cultural fit, but it was not something that was to happen. And sometimes you see insurance companies as you know, buy businesses to augment their underwriting capabilities or to get premium. So every scenario is different, but what Is just say, as you know that in the private equity space there is a lot of money, theres washing around out there and theyre looking to put it to work and at some point theyll have to see if the amount that they paid for those acquisitions will pan out or not.
Kai Pan: Thats great color and then if you were just slowing down in terms of either market doesnt give you opportunity to do more acquisitions, will you achieve the capital deployment because youre building cash position more to shoulder returns?
Powell Brown: Well, as youve heard us say before. We constantly talk with our board of directors about the three buckets of one which we invest, the cash we earn. One is internal investments; two, would be external acquisitions and three, return to shareholders via either share repurchases or dividends or both. And so thats a constant and ongoing discussion and so we have to constantly evaluate the opportunities that are presented to us and as Ive said in the past, acquisitions are somewhat lumpy and so they come in waves and so if the acquisition - in your case, if the case acquisitions went on - lack of acquisitions went on for a period of time then we would evaluate and look at some of those other options more closely, but having said that, one quarter for example, does not make a trend into my mind in the acquisition space.
Kai Pan: Okay, last question is to the - like contingence and the lender-placed business. Could you clarify that in the first quarter, your lender-placed business have pull forwarded [ph], they have about $3.3 million of revenue and about a two of that are coming pull forward from the first quarter, so thats why your contingence commission is lower?
Andy Watts: Exactly Kai, so they allow just able to [ph] complete their calculation in the fourth quarter of last year and we had higher contingence in the fourth quarter, about $1.3 million plus the $2 million from Q1 that pulled forward, so thats where the $3.3 million came from. And then the two is why were down from the first quarter.
Kai Pan: Okay and you also mentioned, I think it might be related. In the National Program, you have one off situation about $1.4 million coming from the business as well?
Powell Brown: It was yeah, we had some differed revenue that we were able to recognize finally. That will not be anything that will recur on in nature, so thats why we want to call it out as a onetime item.
Kai Pan: And lastly you mentioned, you said, in 2015, from the lender-placed business will be material lower, could you clarify that?
Andy Watts: Yeah, so that was on the contingence Kai. So just as we recognized $3.3 million last year, right now expectations are that we will recognize the contingence [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter of this year. But they have come back and told us that theyre expecting for those to be materially lower this year because of loss experience. So we dont want to highlight that just to make sure that you model it accordingly in the fourth quarter.
Kai Pan: Thats not relating to like pulling forward from the first quarter of 2016, okay.
Andy Watts: Yeah, thats about loss experience from the previous year, now playing itself through in the calculation.
Kai Pan: Got it. Thank you so much for the answers.
Andy Watts: Sure you got it.
Operator: And well take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Good morning everyone. Following up a little bit on the question of share repurchase and evaluating that. In the past youve said that you dont want to use your stocks to do acquisitions with your stocks for too valuable, but youve also said that in the past that you didnt want to repurchase shares because I think as Andy put it, at high once said [ph], its like eating your young, which kind of puts in you in a conflict. Given that youre buying back shares now, why not just have a bigger authorization out there, since its not an obligation to buy and how long would you sit on cash before you would do something with it? I guess there is a bunch of questions there, but I want to hear a little bit about the philosophy, about how things have changed at Brown & Brown and I guess why you wouldnt have a bigger potential appetite out there depending on what happens in the future.
Powell Brown: Okay. So Josh, you are correct in the comment about my father making the comment about eating your own or whatever. Having said that, there was also in a period time where purchase price for acquisitions was in a much different place. And so youve heard me say, over a period of time that we dont like use the term never or always. Having said that, we continue as weve said to evaluate all of the options that we have and in light of some of the increased purchase price multiples on some of the transactions, we have looked at the value of our stock and the possibility of buying some of that back up which we have done and we were given an authorization of $200 million last summer with no obligation to buy it as you know. Although some people in the investment community have made the assumption that we will use that entire authorization and we may or we may not. We have $50 million outstanding as we complete this current $100 million ASR. But we will continue to talk to the board about how we deploy our capital and if they see fit relative to giving us another authorization to repurchase in the future, then we will continue to weigh and measure that. But what Id like to say is this, you cannot anticipate, you the collective, everyone on the phone call and we cannot collectively anticipate at Brown & Brown is when were going to have opportunities presented to us like an Arrowhead or a Beecher or a Wright and so we continue to like to be in a position to be able to do the transactions that come along when they come along. So we will continue to evaluate the stock repurchase and the cash that we have on hand and how we deploy that cash.
Josh Shanker: And so right now you are generating probably about $350, $400 million of operating cash flow a year, that could be even higher than that, but you also are running with higher debt levels than you have in the past. You guys have tended to be like a low debt balance sheet. Is there any intention on your part that you know you have a low coupon on that debt that you want to retire it for flexibility reasons or can you imagine that thats a low priority on things that you would do with cash?
Powell Brown: Yeah thats a low priority on what we would do with cash. We actually set up our debt structure to provide us with flexibility which we believe that we have and were very pleased with what the structure is that we have in place right now. You are correct in saying that we had a lower debt to EBITDA leverage in the past and we as an organization have evolved relative to how we view that. Ive said publically that we think that having a 1.5 to 2 times debt to EBITDA would be a comfortable area. Would we go above that for a specific transaction in a short term, we would consider it, but we are continuing to evaluate all those options, but we are very pleased with our debt structure and that would be a low priority.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well, thank you for all the answers and good luck with the rest of the year.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Good morning. More broadly, within the benefits business youve talked about the impact of the changes in Washington on your organics growth. How about just a more generally speaking healthcare reform I think Andy, youve made some comments recently about how theres been a headwind on organic because of the changes in commission payouts within the benefits segment. How much of a headwind has that been? How far along are we in kind of working through that? How much longer will it be a drag on the business?
Powell Brown: Well, lets make a broad statement first Mark. Number One, ACA has created great uncertainty and with that we believe it creates great opportunity, but in that it is somewhat still being defined. So its an evolving process. So to your question specifically, weve had some of our small business, small business depending on the state might be defined as under 50 or under 100 or some variation they have where theyve gone from a commission level to a per head per month youve heard us say that before. Now, thats driven more a local and statewide basis rather than a national basis. So weve had a number of states that have gone through pieces and part of that, but there are still other states that havent or they have not adopted it 100% across the board, thats number one. Number two, I know you are very mindful of the changes that people are making in plan design. That plan design could be defined as a higher retention or deductible for an employee or a fixed amount of a contribution like a defined contribution amount and you can purchase whatever health plan you want more like a 401k kind of scenario. But in the larger group, there continues to be all kinds of uncertainty which creates greater opportunities for growth for us. So what I would tell you that we are seeing is in the smaller group theres lots of discussions about alternatives, alternatives meaning state exchanges, private exchanges. How can they continue to offer benefits to their employees? Some of which may opt out down the road overtime and we continue to advice our clients as we come down with some of the very interesting regulations that have unintended consequences like the Cadillac Tax for 2018, so more to follow on that Mark, but we continue its still a work in progress.
Mark Hughes: If youre a retailer of low to mid-single digit organic, is benefits a drag on that?
Powell Brown: It depends overall, in an office that has a lot of smaller stuff. It might be a slight drag or flat, on an office that has a more medium large to larger accounts. Its a growth - its growing.
Mark Hughes: On the Wright business, when it rose into organic growth, is it going to be accretive to organic growth and I guess underlying that is if we look at the volume in pricing within the flood insurance youre sort of putting the claims business to decide in the underlying flood business. Is that growing on a kind of a national basis? Are you taking share and what does that mean when it rolls into your organic growth there?
Powell Brown: Right, Mark, if you remember Q1 is the smallest quarter, so the big quarters for flood will be Q2 and Q3 and so it will be a little premature to answer that question relative to - based on factual information, but what I would say is our team mates at Wright or are talking to retail agents across the country and working really hard to service and meet their service needs of their flood books and were very pleased with the relationships that not only that theyve developed in the past, but those that theyre working on in the future. So weve got to get into, as Id like to call it flood season which really starts in earnest May.
Andy Watts: Mark, probably other thing keep in mind weve had a lot of people ask us about the pricing and should that as a result drive incremental revenues in the business. I think what we would say right now based upon what we know is, well, the pricing will drive some upside. There is also a lot of re-mappings that are going on around the country, specifically just south of - here at Broward county they just remapped a lot of those that made them no longer required, so we think it looks like its about a push at this stage. We just dont know exactly until we start working through the details. So, because we would say dont bake anything into the model for up sight on that one right now until we get through it, we think we got to push there. The other thing I want to just mention. We looked at a lot of everybodys models for the second quarter and just to remind everyone, we did this acquisition in May of last year. So theres only one month of the second quarter that does not have comparative revenues. It looks like a lot of folks have put three months of incremental revenue in there. So there is basically a two thirds double count, so if you could double check your models on that one. We can also follow up after the call.
Mark Hughes: Then a quick final question there, share count for 2Q, did you have earlier thoughts on that Andy?
Andy Watts: If you were to take the - well, when it comes out at the end of this month and you look at our footnote that should be a pretty good indication for the second quarter. The only movement there would be the final settlement of the ASR, but that should not be a material number since most of those shares were pulled out late in the first quarter.
Mark Hughes: You dont happen to have that number, do you?
Andy Watts: No, I dont have it with me right now.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Meyer Shields: Thanks good morning. If we adjust the first quarter contingence for the $2 million [indiscernible] pushed forward, its up about 1.5%, does that seem like a reasonable representation of what we should see besides the first place business for the rest of 2015?
Powell Brown: Yes. Hey, good morning Meyer. I think with our earlier comments is, we probably just were giving some guidance to be a little bit conservative there specifically our FIU business, the Florida Intracoastal Underwriters, we are seeing quite a bit of pressure on continues, there just won the offer of the fact [ph] that rates are down and that will cause - thats going to cause some pressure on the back end of the year. But wed say probably our recommendation is dont model on organic growth rates because that is not what were seeing right now.
Meyer Shields: Okay thats helpful. A couple of years ago I guess there was the expectation that the aftermarket program in on standard auto you were a little bit limited in terms of immediate margin expansion, but that would alleviate overtime. Can we get an update on that?
Powell Brown: Sure the answer is we are working towards that and were pleased with the performance. Youre correct in saying in the first 18 to 24 months we had a commitment relative to that and relative to staffing levels and some other things. Were very pleased with the teammates that have come over and the performance so far. We also have the capability now to - were expanding in certain instances based on working with our trading partner there on their technology platform. So we may not be out in the distribution broadly as quickly as we both had wanted, but were getting there. So the margins are improving there. They are not yet at historical margins for the area, but were moving towards that.
Meyer Shields: Okay, and then one last question if I can. The Washington issue, does that reverse itself in 2016 or if we just assume that plans are terminated, you feel the impact this year and then theyre just not relevant.
Powell Brown: Yeah, no we dont see it reversing itself in 16, Meyer. I think the issue, as we can understand it and talking with our teammates out there is, this is not something that seems to be beneficial to the actual clients themselves. So down the road could there be something else that would present an opportunity, I dont know, but right now were operating that. We dont think that there is a way to recoup that revenue in the form of the association business that we currently have or is currently being terminated.
Meyer Shields: Okay thank you very much its very helpful.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Well take our next question from Ryan Byrnes with Janney Capital.
Ryan Byrnes: Good morning guys just wanted to drill down a little bit further on the employee benefit book. I kind of have a note here saying, there was about $250 million in annual revenue. But I was wondering if you guys could kind of quantify I guess the small business unit, which is experiencing some pressure versus kind of I guess the more medium to larger scale lives business and which obviously has some opportunities going forward.
Powell Brown: Okay, so Ryan good morning. If you remember we basically said in the past, its about $150 million of health and about 100 million of ancillary lines. So lets start with that. The second part is, weve said, about just over half of that 150 would be under a 100 lives. Thats how weve articulated it in the past. We have not broken it out in any other format relative to layers and slices and all that other stuff, but sufficed to say that we are working very hard on solutions for both segments meaning the smaller group and the larger group. We believe that there continues to be an evolution on the small group or technology will I believe continue to play a bigger and bigger role and depending on how and what state you are in and how you have viewed state exchanges versus national exchanges and subsidies. That may play a role into it as well, that does not diminish the fact that on our larger clients, technology is categorically a solution and so the discussion is more than just a discussion around healthcare cost. Its a discussion around ancillary benefits. Its a discussion around voluntary benefits. Its a discussion around wellness. Its a discussion around a bunch of things. So as you break down think a 100 million of ancillarys of the 150 left just over half of that under 100 lives.
Ryan Byrnes: Oh great thats great color. And then just comment my last [ph] - so my second one was, are these kind of - the changes in regulation in Washington is that a unique program to Washington or - and I guess or a unique change in the law or could that impact other states as well that they would have any sort of impact to Brown?
Powell Brown: Yeah, to the best of our knowledge this is the only state - well let me back up. This is the only state where we have written associations like this, thats number one. Number two, were not aware of the similar or related type of business inside of Brown & Brown that would be affected that comes right to my mind law change by an insurance commissioner. But as you know, all of our business continues to be subject to the ACA and the implementation and more importantly the changes in the interpretation I think is the important thing. The interpretation of the law is continuing to evolve and you would like and we would like, so were together with some [indiscernible]. We would like absolute clarity and transparency, there is not absolute clarity and transparency in ACA. Now, that does create opportunities, but it continues to create a lot of disruption.
Ryan Byrnes: Great, thanks for the color guys.
Operator: And well take our next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Good morning, thanks. In Wholesale Division, how are submission levels compared to may be six, nine months ago?
Powell Brown: Submission levels are up.
Adam Klauber: Okay, so theyre still robust?
Powell Brown: Yeah, they are robust. See, what I would tell you Adam is this, you got a significant rate pressure on the CAT property, so thats in the brokerage side. Remember 60, just under 60% of our overall business is binding authority and theres downward pressure on that property as well, but not as much as the CAT property.
Adam Klauber: Okay and then one of your competitors AmWINS, did a quarter share to a [indiscernible] alternative capital provider. Are you working at similar transactions in that division?
Powell Brown: We always look or confidently looking at solutions and alternatives in both Wholesale and our Programs businesses. From a stand point of what they have done and some other competitors, we have not done that in the history yet at Brown & Brown. Im not saying that we would not consider it, but at the present we have not considered it seriously.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thank you. And then sorry if you say, whats going on with workers comp rates right now?
Powell Brown: Depending on the state theyre either - they could be flat, they could be up slightly, depends on the state as I like to say places like California, its always the wild, wild west literally and figuratively. You look at places like Florida and other places around the country, its a mixed bag, up, down or flat.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And well take our next question from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning. I had a question on the Wright flood program and some of the press reports weve read about whats going on with congress in that program. And some of the politicians and I dont know if you think its just politician speak, but regarding the Wright flood, the claims issues about potentially revoking national flood charter authorization and if you view that as at least a potential or as any legitimacy of potential outcome and if so would you guys have any recourse back against the outlined partners in reps and volunteer anything else, if the worst case scenario you lost a charter for the Wright flood insurance program?
Powell Brown:  Okay, so the answer to the question is, we have our Wright flood renewal that comes up annually in October, thats number one. Number two, this is a - as I said earlier, a complicated situation and there lots of people who are working towards solutions for the constituency and so there will continue to be a lot of - we believe a lot of discussion around this particular topic. We can only suffice to say or committed to number one, our partnership with FEMA; two, to our policy holders and our teammates at Wright flood and were committed to work through the issues as they sit out there to the best result of those policy holders. Anything else would be pure speculation and we wouldnt want to speculate on that.
Charles Sebaski: But would you have recourse back against outline or in the advent of something adverse happened?
Powell Brown: Like I said Charles, I would prefer not to speculate on that.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays question and answer session. Powell Brown, Id like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Okay, Kristy. Thank you all very much and we look forward to talking to you after the Q2 release. You all have a nice day and thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - EVP, Treasurer and CFO
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities John Campbell - Stephens Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Meyer Shields - KBW Sean Dargan - Macquarie Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Adam Klauber - William Blair Ken Billingsley - Compass Point Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. 2014 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to the future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the Companys anticipated financial results for the fourth quarter of 2014 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the Companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the fourth quarter of 2014 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the Company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the Companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the Companys business and prospects, as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thanks you, Marquida. Good morning, everybody and thanks for joining us for the fourth quarter earnings call with another positive quarter for Brown & Brown as we delivered solid financial results on both the top and bottom-line. So lets get right into it. We delivered 393 million of revenue for the quarter and growth of 14.6% with revenues growing 3.3% organically. We also delivered organic growth in each of our four divisions. As part of our business strategy to exit the reinsurance brokerage space, we completed the sale of certain assets of Axiom Re business on December 31st with the associated loss having a $0.21 impact on earnings per share this quarter. Yesterday we completed the sale of the Acumen RE business. Later, Andy will talk about the full year impact of these sales, the loss on the Acumen sale was less than $500,000. In addition to the loss on the Axiom sale, we had an adjustment for this quarter for non-cash stock compensation. Due to materiality of the loss on the sale of Axiom and the adjustment to the non-cash stock compensation, we will primarily focus our discussions on adjusted earnings, as we believe, that provides a more meaningful comparison of the result of our operations to the prior year. We grew our adjusted earnings per share by 9.1% to $0.36 and we expanded our adjusted EBITDAC margin by 50 bps. Our GAAP reported earnings per share was $0.17. Andy will walk you through in more detail on the financials and these adjustments later in our discussion. As a reminder, we completed a $50 million accelerated share repurchase program that was initiated in Q3, which was part of a $200 million plan approved by our Board of Directors in the second quarter of '14. Lastly, during the course of the '14, we acquired businesses with annualized revenues of 160 million which is a record year for Brown & Brown. In summary, were pleased to deliver another quarter of growth, both organically and through acquisitions with modest margin expansion and solid earnings per share growth. So now lets get a little deeper into our results. First, Retail delivered 2.3% total revenue growth and 1.5% organic growth. A couple of observations about the middle-market, middle-market America is improving and were seeing pockets of expansion in the form of construction and some hiring. However, what were not seeing yet is consistent growth throughout all of the United States. Property renewal rates continue to be under pressure, the most pronounced are in coastal areas with E&S rates they can be down 5% to 20%. We expect property rates for both the Admitted and E&S market to continue to be under pressure in 2015. Employee Benefits especially for large groups are experiencing some rate increases. Many of those are moderated with plan design changes that the employers are implementing. Where comp rates are moving up or down based on the state and the industry segment, payrolls are growing slightly and were primarily seeing that growth in areas of building and construction in those segments. Carriers continue to look for rate on Automobile and Commercial Auto, but rates are generally flat. We are seeing flat to down 5%. Its all based on the claims experienced. National Programs now makes up 24% of our Company, it grew 47% reflecting the addition of Wright. On an organic basis, this division grew 2% for the quarter. We experienced good growth in Personal Property, Automobile aftermarket and Sports and Entertainment. Offsetting some of this growth was the performance of our Force Plate Coverage business Proctor, which has been down slightly as the economy improves. We continue to see steady retention rates in most programs, but were experiencing some pressure on property terms and conditions. Wholesale had another great quarter, posting organic revenue growth of 7.7 and total revenue growth of 12.3. This division represents just under 15% of the total Company and continues to be the organic growth leader in the fourth quarter and for the entire year of 2014. Both our Brokerage and Binding businesses grew nicely for the quarter. While we are experiencing rates for large coastal property falling 5% to 20% as I said earlier, Florida leads the way with reductions on large coastal properties closer to that 20% down range. Professional Liability is flat to up slightly and Employment Practices Liability is continuing to see upward pressure. We are still seeing some accounts move from the E&S market back to the Admitted market, primarily within the GL segment, General Liability segment. Services division had another outstanding quarter with organic growth of 10.6% and nearly all the businesses experienced organic growth in the quarter. The big winners were the USIS, The Advocator Group, NuQuest and Protocols. Overall, it was a good quarter for our Company. Now Id like to turn it over to Andy, wholl discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell and good morning everyone. Let me now discuss our financial highlights and talk about some of the key metrics for the quarter. I am on Slide 6 which is our GAAP reported results for the quarter, which as Powell mentioned earlier, reflects certain large items that make it difficult for a meaningful comparison to the prior year, so we wont spend too much time on this slide. However, I would like to highlight that we delivered 50 million of revenue growth in the quarter, with 80% coming from our acquisitions and also had solid underlying organic growth of 3.3%. Moving to Slide 7, our total revenues grew 14.6% for the quarter and when you remove the revenue related to Wright, we grew the top-line by 6.1%. Split up evenly between organic growth and revenue from other acquired businesses. We show our results with and without a large acquisition, such as Wright in order to provide a clear picture of our compared financial performance. Our adjusted pre-tax income grew by 7.5%, even with the increased interest cost related to our credit facility and bonds. If our interest costs were flat year-on-year, then our pre-tax income would have increased by about 15%. We believe EBITDAC is the most appropriate measure for comparing our performance across periods, as it is a close proxy for cash generation. Adjusted EBITDAC for the quarter was 121.6 million compared to 104.3 million, a growth of 16.6%. And excluding Wright, our EBITDAC growth was 8.5%. Adjusted EBITDAC margins expanded 50 basis points to 30.9%. Were very pleased with this margin expansion and flow through for the quarter. Adjusted net income for the period grew 10.4% our interest expense increased by 5.7 million in the fourth quarter as compared to the prior year. This increased interest expense is associated with our credit facility and our bonds. As a reminder, our new credit facility and public bonds provide us with the capacity to draw upon for acquisitions when they became available, they extend our maturity ladder and reduces our exposure to rising interest rates. By capitalizing on the favorable credit markets our blended cost of debt is now 3.4%. Partially offsetting the increased interest expense was a lower effective tax rate of 36.4% for the quarter. The lower rate in the fourth quarter was driven by the true-up to our annual rate of 3.9 or 39.1%. This annual rate is down from the prior year by 30 basis points driven by state apportionment and some permanent differences. Later, Ill talk about expectations for 2015. Our adjusted earnings per share increased to $0.36 for the fourth quarter, which was $0.03 or 9.1% improvement over the prior year. Moving to Slide 8, Id like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our total revenues increased by 50 million year-over-year or 14.6%, a large portion of this growth came from our net acquisitions and disposables. The largest component was the Wright acquisition. We also realized a 4.1 million increase for Contingents and Guaranteed Supplemental Commissions, which was substantially related to our Proctor business that is in our National Programs donation. Proctor realized 2.3 million of incremental contingents in the fourth quarter as the carrier completed their calculations fairly. These contingents historically have been received in the first quarter and have been in the range of $1.5 million to $2 million. Going forward, we expect to receive them in the fourth quarter, so please ensure before you adjust your 2015 models. Our as reported EBITAC margin decreased to 20.4% from 30.4% in 2013. In order to arrive at comparative numbers, we removed a loss on the sale of Axiom and the credit adjustment for non-cash stock-based compensation. This last item represents a credit of 5.9 million and a benefit to EBITAC of 1.5%. The 4.5 million of the 5.9 million is related to the incentive adjustment for Arrowhead, with the reminder related to the employee stock purchase plan expense true-up. As it relates to Arrowhead, there is a three-year incentive plan for management while the maximum incentive has not been achieved were very pleased with the overall performance of the business. Moving to Slide 9 let me now talk a little bit more of detail about each of our divisions. First, our Retail divisions delivered 2.3% growth, partially driven by acquisitions completed within the last 12 months and our underlying organic growth was 1.5%. Our year-over-year as reported EBITDAC margin declined as a result of two office divestures completed in the fourth quarter of this year, which accounts for a total loss of approximately 3.8 million or 140 basis points. The other half of the as reported margin decline is due to one-time gains on sales of books of businesses in a legal settlement in the prior year. Therefore these items excluded, the year-over-year EBITDAC margin is essentially flat for the Retail division. Moving to Slide 10, our National Programs division. Revenues grew by 47% mainly due to the acquisition of Wright and increased 2% organically. Were pleased with this result. We realized strong EBITDAC margin expansion on an as reported and adjusted basis. Our adjusted EBITDAC margin improved by 240 basis points, which was driven by the additional Contingent Commission received by Proctor, the addition of revenue shifted from the third quarter to the fourth quarter for one of our public entity pools, which as youll remember we mentioned last quarter, and the increase in allocation of certain overhead cost to the Services division. Moving to Slide 11, our Wholesale division had another great quarter reporting revenue growth of 12.1% and organic growth of 7.7. This is a vision that Axiom was a component of historically. So the loss associated with the sale really impacts the as reported numbers. When the loss associated with the sale of Axiom is excluded, Wholesale delivered EBITDAC margin improvement of 130 basis points. We expect continued investment in new brokers and underwriters, so our margins for this business will continue to move up and down slightly overtime. Moving to the Services division, we delivered impressive organic growth of 10.6% for the quarter. We realized strong growth in this for all profit centers within Services and with the exception of our Claims Processing businesses that are dependent on weather events. When taking in consideration the increased expense allocation within National Programs division, the underlying margins would increase about 150 basis points year-over-year rather than down 70 basis points as presented on this slide. In summary, were pleased with the performance of each division. On Slide 13, in the second quarter we provided ranges of where we expected Wright to perform. Were pleased to report that the performance of the underlying businesses are in line with our expectations for the quarter. As we mentioned in the second and third quarters, the original forecast included 7.5 million of revenue for weather events. For reference, this was based upon the 10 year average, excluding the hurricane Katrina and super storm Sandy. As we mentioned, in some years the actual results will be higher or lower than the average, with 2014 being one of those years below the average due to no material storms. The shortfall in the revenues and EPS is driven by lack of CAT revenues. Please note, there is a small amount of CAT revenue included in the Q1 and Q2 2015 projections. Moving to the next slide, we wont spend a lot of time on this, but we wanted to provide an adjusted view of our full year results in order to help you with your models for 2015. Our GAAP earnings are presented in our press release. From a revenue perspective, we grew almost $231 million or 17.2%, with a little more than half coming from two large acquisitions those being Wright and Beecher. Please note that were only excluding the Beecher revenues for the first half of 2014, since Beecher was acquired effective July 1, 2013. Organically, we grew by 3.5% which were very pleased with. From an EBITDAC perspective when we adjust for the Axiom loss, the credit for the non-cash stock compensation our margins are flat year-on-year. Adjusting for the full year effective Beecher and Wright our underlying margins improved by 30 basis points. Our earnings per share increased to $1.63 which is a 14% increase. If you normalize for the increased interest cost our earnings per share would have grown another $0.05. In summary, we are pleased with the underlying performance of each division, as they all grew organically and had good flow through to the bottom-line. Next I want to talk and give everybody a little bit of outlook for 2015 as we know everyone needs the guidance. Let me first start with Employee Compensation and Benefits. These should continue to be in the range of 50% to 51% of commissions and fees. Youll note in the fourth quarter that we were 53.3% of commissions and fees versus 52.9% last year and that represented an increase of about $1.5 million due to the increased performance for the fourth quarter, but do not believe that that is an impact on a full year basis and why were giving range of 50 to 51. Our non-cash stock-based compensation should be in the range of $7 million to $8 million per quarter. Interest expense for the fourth quarter should give you a good indication of our run rate. Our effective tax rate for 2015 should be in the range of 39.4% to 39.5%. We expect some uptick over 2014 due to growth in higher tax rates states and couple of states consolidating all legal entities for tax purposes. We mentioned earlier about our disposed businesses. The total annualized revenue for these businesses equaled $17.5 million with $1.5 million being in Retail, $9 million in Programs and $7 million in Wholesale. Hopefully with this it gives you a good indication for 2015. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. A couple comments in summary, first of all as I said, the middle-market economy continues to slowly improve as were seeing it across different industries and geographic regions, but we are not seeing it across the entire board being up, number one. Number two, you will ask that how are the acquisitions and we have a good pipeline of acquisition candidates that may fit culturally and as youve heard me say before, when we close an acquisition all depends on when the seller is ready and if we can come to financial terms and conditions that work for both parties. We do expect continued pressure, downward pressure on rates in 2015. Overall standard market rates with either moderate on their increases or start to go slightly negative. In '15 the biggest push or biggest decline we see as Ive said is on catastrophic property particularly in properties that are right on the water. So, we are very pleased with our performance for Wright and were excited about our 2015 plan going forward. While we do have some uncertainty in the market, we feel each division is positioned for continued profitable growth. So with that, Id like to turn it back over to Marquida and well turn it open for questions.
Question-and:
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: So I wanted to revisit what Andy was saying about margins in the Retail division. As it says here in the presentation you have the 140 basis points of decline based on the loss on the disposal Lexington in Colorado Springs and then there was an accrual, what was the other part of it that makes up the other half of the margin decline?
Powell Brown: So if you look at it the division is down 280 basis points year-over-year half of that is for the sale of our Lexington in Colorado Springs. And then last year in the fourth quarter, we had sold a couple of businesses as well as we had a legal settlement so we had two, we had some gains there. So if you neutralize both that's how we get to flat margins.
Josh Shanker: So 30% plus is more normalized and what we should expect not 31 I guess?
Powell Brown: Correct, yes.
Josh Shanker: And two, on the share repurchase and weighing them in the future, why doesn't Brown & Brown have an outstanding authorization that it can effect if the time is right. Whats the downside of just being prepared as the Boy Scouts say?
Powell Brown: We have that actually, we were given an authorization last year of up to 200 million and of that we exercised 50 million of it.
Josh Shanker: So you don't need to go to the Board if you guys want to start buying tomorrow you could?
Powell Brown: That's correct, right.
Josh Shanker: And then three, in terms of the construction growth that you are seeing you made the exceptions between coastal, non-coastal, is the construction growth national or is that also regional?
Powell Brown: I would tell you that we see pockets of it regionally, but as a general rule we're starting to see more construction starts. So let me give you an example, you might think as an example Phoenix, which was an area that slowed down a lot it started growing or seemingly growing more rapidly last year early in the year and the prior year and I would tell you that Phoenix it maybe got a little ahead of itself, meaning the metro area, so they are not seeing as much growth as maybe you might have seen right out of the blocks that doesn't mean that is not growth, but that's an example. If you come to South Florida there are so many cranes in the sky in Miami it's kind of unbelievable. So depending on the city and what they are building in certain areas Josh we're seeing more rental housing apartments being built than single-family homes, those are just some broad statements.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then one final thing Andy said in the Wright forecast for the first half of 2015 there was a modest amount of CAT experience assumed in the revenue numbers. When we talk about Wright I mean we know it's a flood company, but in servicing claims and when you talk about putting CAT numbers up, is that for a wide variety of catastrophes like youve had the Eastern Seaboard got blanketed in the major snowstorm would there be revenues to be mined out of that?
Powell Brown: These are flood related claims.
Josh Shanker: Only flood related claims, so there need to be some flooding so that that would restore you -- I mean its like you put so much revenues in your forecast, but flooding would be required to meet those forecasts properly?
Powell Brown: That's correct.
Andy Watts: And Josh just to give you an idea, it's about a $0.5 million, the reason why we call it depends upon where it could end up enough impacting or rounding on EPS, but its about [indiscernible].
Operator: Well take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: I was hoping if you could just talk more about what you are seeing in the Retail segment in terms of organic growth there, I know you
Powell Brown: Hey Elyse, can you get closer to your microphone we can't hear you.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Can you hear me now?
Andy Watts: Yes, we can hear you perfectly.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. I wanted to talk more about what you are seeing in terms of in the Retail segment in terms of organic growth there. I know you pointed to a little bit of continued slower improvement in the middle-market economy. The Q4 was obviously the lowest quarter we saw in the organic growth front in 2014. And if you could just also point to what you might expect in 2015 and then just remind us what level of organic growth you would need in that Retail segment to see your margins expand?
Powell Brown: And first-off as you know we don't give, we have historically not given organic growth guidance. We gave organic growth guidance as an organization for 2014 and that was the one-time we're going to do it. So whether it be Retail or overall, our response will be the same, we will not be giving a number but we would say the business overall is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business, and that's number one. Number two, the question relative to what we need to see to see margin improvement is there is really one or two ways to think about that. We have said, we don't say that if you grow X percent like some of the other firms that are publically traded then we get margin expansion. It is all a function of the investment that were making in our teammates. We ended the year as an organization with 7,591 teammates. And so thats across all divisions, the majority of those are in the Retail segment. So as we add producers, many of them come from other industries with sales experience, but no insurance experience, there is a ramp-up period in terms of getting them launched. So we have not said and are not going to say, if we grow X percent then our margins increase Y. What were basically saying is our intent is to invest in our business so we can grow organically and profitably.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Well I guess looking at the fourth quarter, the Retail organic revenue did slow a little bit was there anything in that number that caused just one-timers that we should think about when were kind of projecting forward?
Powell Brown: No there is nothing quite honestly Elyse that I might have point out. I know that it was, based on your question it was lower than your expectation. I would say that Retail just like any of our segments can kind of go up or down slightly, but overall we have 2% growth for the year and were looking for that to continue to improve as the economy improves.
Elyse Greenspan: What is -- it seems like you pointed to on higher level of non-cash stock comp about 7 million to 8 million. I think last quarter you had just 6 million to 7 million. Whats driving the increase there?
Powell Brown: Every year Elyse we normally have grants in the first quarter nothing unusual. And so that just represents the year-on-year increase.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay and then one last question.
Powell Brown: Yes just a reminder, so I want to make sure anybody doesnt gets confused, is in July '13 when we did the larger grant, what I just mentioned was it is not the case were not planning any large reloads or anything of that nature. This is just our annual grant that we do in the first of the year.
Andy Watts: And those are people that have not -- did not participate in the 2013 grant, who qualified for grant now.
Powell Brown: And some of those as an example would be some of our new producers that have joined the team, new profit center and leaders that are in new roles or other senior leaders inside the organization, so we only do those once a year Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of on the share repurchase part. I know you guys completed that 50 million, but that was more all towards the start of the fourth quarter, in terms of our thinking about how you might use that 150 million you have left under the authorization timeframe in 2015 and your thoughts on what we might see additional repurchases?
Powell Brown: Okay Elyse, we want to make sure that everybody knows we have the authorization. But just because we have the authorization its not a foregone conclusion that were going to repurchase 150 million of stock in the year. What I would say is this, we are thinking about how we best invest in our business and we can return or invest in that business one of three ways as you know. We can hire new teammates of which we are doing constantly and consistently. Number two, we can go out and acquire businesses which we are doing and we had the highest year of total annualized revenue acquired last year. And then three, we are returning to shareholders either in the form of dividend increases or through share repurchases. So were going to continue to look at and annualize what seems to be the best for our overall plan. But we are not saying that we have a stated repurchase plan on set X timeframe. We will make it very clear to everybody when and if we are going to do a new share repurchase, but until such time we will continue doing that and we will evaluate all of our investment options that being one consideration.
Andy Watts: And add to that I know Elyse and we looked through a lot of the analysts models in the fourth quarter. A number of folks had kind of 100 million or 150 million of buyback in the fourth quarter or excuse me in 2015. So with Powells comments just take that into consideration when you will look at your models, otherwise you guys could end up having something over what we do based upon how were in balances.
Powell Brown: And depends on the opportunities that were presented this year, so we will continue to evaluate and we constantly and consistently do that.
Operator: Well take our next question from John Campbell with Stephens Inc.
John Campbell: Andy I think you talked about this a little bit and Powell I believe you did as well just from I guess long-term headcount goals last quarter, so just curious over the just kind of a near to medium term is that going to be more of a systematic process or is that come in waves. And Andy I know you talked a little bit about that being kind of choppy in the Wholesale space. But just curious you guys have wrapped up your 2015 budgeting obviously, but did you guys pinpoint headcount target for the year is that something you could maybe shed some light on?
Powell Brown: The short answer is, no we dont pinpoint it for a year. What I was, no, Andy rolls his eyes at me when I say that. The answer was not to get everybody all worked up. The intent was to say that were going to have to add a bunch of new teammates either hiring them or acquiring businesses that theyre part of to achieve our next intermediate goal of $2 billion. How and when we get there will depend on the opportunities that are presented to us, both on an acquisition front and on the hiring front. We are actively recruiting talented teammates across our system today in all segments of our business. So, having said that, there is not a systematic process whereby we have a room in Daytona Beach where there is a chart that says we must hire X number of people net this year. Its not like that John. And I would caution you from trying to focus a lot on that, I would actually say the message was intended to give color around how we think about our business. Not to send a signal positive or negative around what were doing, I would just tell you that, like I said 7,591 teammates, thats a lot of folks. And so were going to add some folks to the team and were always looking for talented people that can sell and service insurance.
Andy Watts: And John and all of that is with the backdrop that we want to make sure that we can continue to grow the business and grow it profitably overtime, and there were a lot of questions about the last call Ive hated that, when Powell mentioned the 3,000 does that mean youre going to take your profitability down. No, that was not the signal at all. As I mentioned our goal is with over the long-term I am sure we continue to grow the business and we grow it profitably.
John Campbell: Great, that makes sense. And then Andy you mentioned last quarter, some of the pushed out bills. Did all those hit in 4Q as you expected and maybe if you could just maybe quantify that?
Andy Watts: Sorry, one more time on that John you said pushed out bills.
John Campbell: Pushed out bills, some of the closings it sounds like that you got pushed out into the fourth quarter?
Andy Watts: I think you were talking yes that was the comment that I made that was in the Programs division and that was on one of our public entity pools. So we ended up -- that was just a renewal that did not come in the third quarter, it was in the fourth quarter and I made that comment here that was part of what drove the increased margins this quarter and thats just a shift.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Andy could you give us outlook for operating expense ratio, other operating expenses for 2015?
Andy Watts: Wed say thats probably in the range with what we saw on the full year basis, I wouldnt anticipate anything unusual there.
Mark Hughes: And then the total Contingents and Supplementals that you kind of got pulled into the fourth quarter that we wouldnt expect in Q1. What was that total?
Andy Watts: So we ended up pulling there was 3.3 million incremental for Proctor that historical range has been about 1.5 million to 2 million. And we normally have received those in the first quarter, but with the carrier completing their calculations earlier we got it in the fourth quarter. So, we will not see that until the fourth quarter of 2015. Thats why we want to make that note just ensuring youre getting your model right, you need to pull that out in Q1 and move to Q4.
Mark Hughes: So a couple of million would be that amount?
Andy Watts: 1.5 to 2 is probably a reasonable estimate if we look back at history.
Mark Hughes: And so that $3.8 million item within Retail for the disposal of the two businesses that was nothing that you broke out, that was just an expense that you incurred?
Andy Watts: Yes, exactly the reason why we didnt break it out Mark is we ended up that was a loss there but we had a gain over in National Programs the two of them basically offset. So were just at a total level at where we had no impact thats why we didnt break it out that way.
Mark Hughes: Understood.
Andy Watts: We did on the divisions just to help you guys better understand.
Mark Hughes: And Powell when you think about the, I guess the two forces here the improvement in the middle-market economy but the moderating rate environment. How do you think that 2015 is starting out compared to how you might have looked at that environment in 2014 which might have featured a little more rate but a little less economy how do you think the two when you put them together how do we sit here today?
Powell Brown: Well, Mark, if you look first at the results of the large standard carriers and you see what theyre showing as their rate increases are moderating. We anticipated that happening throughout the year particularly in light of no catastrophic, a big catastrophic events. And youve heard me say before that we believe that the economy and exposure of units have the greatest impact on our business versus rates. So, as with rates I could make the argument or we can make the argument that we think rates will be up modestly to probably down 5% somewhere in that range over the 2015 calendar year. And so, that in and of itself, weve always said is 25% to 33% of the exposure and the overall organic growth number two-thirds of it to three quarters would be exposure rate increases. So as we've said before we are very middle-market exposure rate or exposure unit driven. And I think that like I said your guess is as good as mine on the economy, but we're just trying to continue to grow our business organically and through specifically talking about Retail that's where we see it the most flow through.
Operator: Well take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Let me begin could we talk a little bit about the improving organic growth in the Services segment is that sustainable in the near-term do you think?
Powell Brown: Well, we have been fortunate to grow that business through picking up a couple large clients and those large clients year-over-year will lap I believe it's right after the first quarter. So we will have that, we anticipate a positive impact in Q1, we're not saying the full impact and to what it would say but it laps after Q1. So to answer your question another quarter and we think it goes back to historic levels.
Meyer Shields: Second other than the timing issues that you mentioned earlier with regard to Contingent Commission, is it reasonable to expect Contingent and Supplemental to basically grow in line with the core commission and fee growth?
Powell Brown: We're always at that and I think that that's not a fair statement and why I say that is, if you look at the results of insurance carriers you can make the broad statement that when combined ratios go down Contingents and GSCs should go up and when the combines go up the payment should go down, that is a broad statement that is true. Having said that, that does not necessarily true up our business and the reason I say that is, is remember we have all these different offices that have contracts with carriers and if in fact in their individual offices they sustain some unusual or unusually high losses which would prevent them from getting a profit sharing contingency check then ours could be down. So there is not a way on our part that we have been able to come up with to estimate contingencies and I know that drives you crazy, I am sorry about that, but we have not been able to figure that out.
Meyer Shields: And I guess last question, can you talk a little bit about the issues at Arrowhead that resulted in the credit this quarter, is that something thats going to affect results going forward?
Powell Brown: No it's not. Let me make it simple. You remember, we actually when we bought Arrowhead we bought that business from some private equity owners and in doing so there was a significant portion of the amount paid upfront and there was a small amount of a contingency built in which they hit, that is the sellers. Having said that the, about $5 million if you may remember the, there was not in that sale a broad base of ownership among the leadership group. And so we put in an incentive for the leadership group to grow that business over the first three years. And so what you see there is over that period of time we accrued an amount of anticipated expense and that is the release of the portion that they didn't qualify for. The key there though is no I don't think that that would, that's not a go forward expense. What I would also say though is Arrowhead just like Programs, just like all of our divisions there are people on there that will now participate in traditional SIP grants which will bind them and their performances with those desired performances we're trying to seek as an organization. So I am not trying to be vague Meyer, I am trying to basically say that we had incentive plans which had to be outside the earn out we've made that decision because of the way we had to do that acquisition. We are psyched with the performance with Chris Walker, and Steve Boyd and Steve Bowker and their whole team and so it's a one-time only thing.
Andy Watts: And Meyer you said problem just for clarification there is no problem in that business that business is doing really-really well for us. And as Powell mentioned this was a incremental that they didnt earn on top of things, but we're extremely pleased with the performance of that business.
Operator: Well take our next question from Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan: I just wanted to follow-up on your response to a question from I believe Elyse, is the non-cash stock-based comp going to be just 1Q event or will that impact the full year?
Powell Brown: It actually impacts the full year and the reason why is, while we grant them in the first quarter Sean. We advertise them over the divesting period. So it is a pro rate during the year and going forward.
Sean Dargan: Okay. And just on the share repurchase, I think in the past you committed to at least offsetting dilution from share creep through repurchase is that still the case?
Powell Brown: Thats correct.
Sean Dargan: Okay. And then around your thoughts of the common dividend, we maybe in a scenario if they were in a lower for longer interest rate environment. Have you given any thought to increasing the common dividend payout ratio?
Powell Brown: We evaluate that with the Board throughout the year and as you know weve been very pleased to increase our dividends, for the last 20 plus years. But what we have tried to do is pay and what I would call a modest dividend and reinvest the additional earnings in our business or in acquisitions. So the short answer to your question is not extensively. We will review it again with the Board later this year as we continue, and as we consider evaluating moving that in the future which we usually do at the end of the year.
Operator: Well go next to Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning, and sorry that I got disconnect during some of the question being asked but I apologize doing that. First question is on the acquisition if you look at in the past 10 years on average about 10% of your revenue grows and on that run rate of 1.5 being total revenue now you need to acquire annual revenue of about 150 million each year. So I just wondered like that you probably may achieve some bigger deals as you've been in recent years or do a lot of smaller deals, so just on that to elaborate a little and also what is the internal evaluation on deals recently?
Powell Brown: Okay, so if you look at the last lets just say three years. Youre correct in everything that you said. In the last three years our average annual acquired revenue would be roughly $150 million in revenue. And as you know each one of the last three years we had one large transaction. And the question is do we have to do one large transaction in order to hit $100 million to $150 million of acquisitions. No we dont, but typically there is one upside and when you say a large acquisition Im talking about something thats probably $75 million and above $25 million is a large acquisition too but I am saying in the definition of really starting to get towards the number youre talking about. As you know we dont budget acquisitions and so we are always out talking to the agency community about the possibility of joining the team at Brown & Brown and as you know the average agency owner today is 57 years old, doesnt have a necessarily clear succession plan, doesnt necessarily want to retire, but they actually would like to take some chips off the table. So if they fit culturally with us and we can come up with a financial terms and conditions that make sense for both parties we want to do it. And so I would tell you that were always talking to people in terms of when and why people sell those are different across the board. We would say that pricing continues to, I would say be on the higher end of the range and on certain instances we have seen acquisitions trade up in areas that financially we would not go to. And so we have a financial discipline that we employ when we evaluate acquisitions. And so, just as I said earlier we think about our investment options as hiring new quality teammates 1; 2, acquisitions; 3, return it to shareholders through the dividends and/or share repurchases. So as I said we dont budget that, we think there are lots of opportunities to continue to make acquisitions. The question ultimately is would there be any further increase in the price of poker this year and that is yet to be determined.
Kai Pan: Then Powell in the past youve talked about especially in the lease rate weather like this even though we see it youre talking about nice weather in Florida and growth potential down there. So I just want to drill down a bit more I guess this question be asked by the Retail organic growth but it looks we have gone 2%ish for the past two years, that is because like the middle-market have been growing but there is a lot of uncertainty it that, I just wonder outside the macroeconomic environment is there anything internally in your control you can do in terms may be broker incentives or harvesting you can differently to promote growth in the Retail segment?
Powell Brown: Well, we believe that our incentive and reward plan both with our commission and our stock incentive plans directly align the interest of the Company and those with the producer. And so at a very basic -- at the foundational level we believe that we have the incentive plans in place to drive the desired performance. Obviously, we can always do a better job of writing more new business and yet I say that because weve written a lot of new business in the last year. And so weve been very pleased with that. And we have just like anybody else, you do lose some clients sometimes, one; it could be through an acquisition or merger, two; it could be something that we were perceived to do which we may or may not have done from a service standpoint or we lost the relationship or some combination of the above. But we are in a sales and service business which is relationship-based and so we continue to try to build and enhance those relationships across the performance, a long winded answer of saying no there is not something else that we think were a lever that we could push that magically changes something.
Kai Pan: Okay. And lastly a very quick number question, probably for Andy. Thanks for the breakdown of the disposals into the revenue. Whats the impact on the margin or on the bottom-line?
Andy Watts: Yes, all those businesses Kai were a lower margin for us. If you look at they were probably blended, would be probably about a 15% margin business as a total.
Operator: Well take our next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Wholesale business clearly is doing well, but you mentioned that obviously property prices are down. Do you know actually your tail light is going closer to flat and then youre seeing more of a rotation back to the standard market? Whats doing well, is it really new business or whats driving that growth?
Powell Brown: Well, its a combination of one, we continue to hire and put in place new teammates which are growing. We are also getting more business through our existing client base, which are retail insurance agents. And then the third part is we are actually finding and working with new retail agents out there. So those are people that we dont currently do business with that we somehow get an introduction to co-call or call upon and go and talk about our capabilities and then we get an opportunity to earn some of their business.
Adam Klauber: But then also I think you mentioned Proctor the business was moderating as the economy is improving does that mean they are just less force plates insurance premiums going out is that correct, just lower volumes?
Powell Brown: Correct.
Adam Klauber: Has that trend in more recent like the last two quarters or has that been gradually occurring over the last couple of quarters?
Powell Brown: Well, if you look back remember when the economy was really down Proctor was at its largest. So if you want to take a kind of a macro view it has come down over the last couple of years. That said to your point year-over-year if you want to take about the last 12 months we were down. The year prior I believe and I am looking at Andy the year prior I think were more flat to the prior year. So, in the last 24 months were going to look at that and we can clarify that for you before the call is over. But this is more of a the last 12 months type time.
Adam Klauber: And then as far as invest in the business I think you mentioned youve been adding some good people, clearly thats having some positive impact on the Wholesale. Are there other structural aspects that youre thinking about investing over the next couple of years?
Powell Brown: Nothing, Adam different than how weve addressed it before inside of all four of our divisions, were very pleased with all four of the divisions and the prospects going forward and so no not something structurally different.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ken Billingsley with Compass Point.
Ken Billingsley: Just two quick questions, one regarding the Sandy claims in the New York investigations, any update or exposure which you can talk about on any new development?
Powell Brown: Sorry, can you repeat the question please.
Ken Billingsley: Essentially any update of information you can provide regarding the investigation over Sandy claims, I know the claims themselves are old but regarding the New York, New Jersey?
Powell Brown: Sure, Ken as you know we dont talk about ongoing litigation, if we are a party to something so there is no additional updates.
Ken Billingsley: Is there anything new that has been filed maybe is a better way to ask that question?
Powell Brown: I am not aware of that, but I don't -- I am not aware of anything that has been new thats files but I don't know.
Ken Billingsley: Okay. And the other question I have is this is regarding the Retail section, and you mentioned Employee Benefits and that there was an uptick in rates and some of that was the program design by some of the larger groups. Within Employee Benefits itself, is there growth within the existing customers as well, are they just changing their product mix or is it a price change of existing business. Is it a source of growth that you think in '15 and '16 following ACA or is it just a change in their own individual mark through?
Powell Brown: Okay. So let's back up and say in the large groups they might start with a rate increase of mid to high single-digits conceptually as an example and then through a change in the plan design that would moderate it down into a much lower increase overall, that was the intent of the point that I was making, that's number one. Number two, I would say that you have hit on an interesting point which is we're not seeing that many people hire lots of new employees as a general statement. So to your question, we're seeing more people doing more with the same amount of employees or very cautiously adding new employees. So I think there is also to your question about a growth area or not, I think that in the last year and probably in the future in this coming year there has been a lot of transitions as ACA impacts different employer groups in terms of size. And so some of the smaller firms are thinking about their options, I am not saying that they are mandated to go an exchange but an exchange could be a private exchange like the private exchange that we use. And we have or it could be a state run exchange of which you have seen some press on those where the rates are going to start going up if they have not already gone up for 2015 they will in 2015 due to probably adverse loss experience. And so what we're seeing is lots of discussion around; one, plan design; two, on larger groups we're talking more about defined contributions in terms of I call it the Domino's pizza theory which is you give a person an amount of money and then they select what they want on their pizza. So how much do they want to allocate towards healthcare, how much do they want to allocate towards disability and life insurance and related other coverages. But we do think that there is growth opportunity in that area that's a $250 million business for us and it's something that we are very interested in continuing to grow organically and making strategic acquisitions in that space.
Ken Billingsley: And are the customer themselves are they expanding those options I imagine that a lot of them started off with ACA but are they seeing the value as they are not hiring or retaining their current employees by offering them expanded benefits?
Powell Brown: I don't think -- I would not say that the answer is expanded benefits. What I was referring to is there is kind of a cost shift that is going on. And the cost shift would be more cost is being borne by the employees as a broad general statement.
Ken Billingsley: But in general maybe typically it starts with the employer seeking out and finding that cafeteria plan of options, that we have a
Powell Brown: Absolutely I mean they have -- let's just say they have a traditional -- they have a plan with two or three options and those options are going up whatever the rate increases on those three options and what they are trying to do is to moderate those increases, but give their employees the right thing a good choice. And so by doing that they modify those three existing plans but they still go up in price and more of that price increase incrementally goes to the employee.
Operator:
(:
Mark Hughes: And just a quick question on The Advocator Group you talked about incoming social security volume improving, are more people getting injured or are you picking up share?
Powell Brown: We're picking up share, but remember because and it's more of those things that I kind of roll my eyes at, I know that because of sequestration there were a number of people that were either just through retirement they basically are down several thousand people, so to process those claims, to get them through the pipe, they are sitting out there but there is a delay in the processing of them. And so we are picking up additional opportunities to process them, but until the people there at the SSDI process them we dont recognize the revenue.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Andy Watts: Marquida I wanted to come back and close off one of the questions from Adam. Adam your question was, how did Proctor performed in 2013. The business was down about 5% or 6% and about the same range in 2014, so just as Powell mentioned we each year we are going to see it if the economy slowly starts to improve the business is downward because it is countercyclical.
Powell Brown: Alright, any other questions?
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Okay Marquida, thank you very much for your time and everyone and we wish you all a great first of the year and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Andy Watts: So one thing, so I happen to look back, since I wasnt on the team last year I looked back at our transcript and last year there was a snowstorm in the New York City on the day we had earnings and there was one this year so I am starting to think that New York City get snowstorms when we announce earnings, so may be what well have to do is moving around for you guys up there.
Powell Brown: Have a nice day. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Watts - Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee John Campbell - Stephens Inc. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Meyer Shields - KBW Mark Hughes - SunTrust Adam Klauber - William Blair Ken Billingsley - Compass Point Sean Dargan - Macquarie Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. 2014 third quarter earnings call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the third quarter of 2014 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the second quarter of 2014 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday. Other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Dianna. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our Q3 earnings call. In the third quarter we delivered $421 million of revenue for the quarter with growth about 17.3%. Our organic growth in that was 2.9%. We did deliver organic growth in each of our four divisions. We grew our earnings per share at 20.5% versus the prior year to $0.47. Taking out the Wright Insurance Group acquisition, which we acquired in May, our adjusted EPS would be $0.44 versus $0.39 for a 7.7% increase. We are pleased with the performance of Wright and its underlying businesses. We'll talk more about the cat events and their impact on Wright, later in the presentation. From an EBITDAC perspective our margins improved to 35.1% from 33.7%, reflecting a 140 basis point improvement. Excluding Wright, the adjusted EBITDAC margin is 34% flat, reflecting a 30 basis point improvement over 2013. As we've said previously, our goal is to grow our business organically and profitably. We've delivered another quarter of strong cash conversion. We are very pleased with the $500 million of investment grade rated bonds that we issued in the third quarter. Andy will talk more about the bonds and the evolution of our capital structure later in the presentation. We also initiated a $50 million accelerated share repurchase program that is part of the $200 million plan, approved by our board, at the end of the second quarter, and Andy will talk more about this later in his presentation as well. Lastly, we're continuing to strive for a 4% organic growth this year. However, it is going to be challenging, because a few of our businesses are being impacted by the lack of weather-related events, and we continue to watch as the market softens relative to rates. On Slide 5, I'd like to dig a little deeper into our results. As you know, Retail is just over 50% of our total company today, and they delivered 5.1% growth and 2.1% of that was organic. Observations about Retail, we are seeing middle-market America continues to remain choppy or a little inconsistent, depending on where you are in the country. Property renewal rates, including coastal areas, are down 5% to 20% or more, with E&S markets targeting the best catastrophic risks. Employee benefits, especially large groups, continue to see increases of up to 10%. Workers compensation rates are moving up, as few industry segment payrolls are growing slightly. We're seeing the frequency of losses decline, but the loss severity is rising. Carriers are looking for rate on commercial auto, but they are generally flat. However, companies with good claims histories are seeing decreases of 5% to 15%. In our National Programs area we're experiencing growth in personal property, automobile, aftermarket and earthquake. Our retention rates are steady in most programs, but we are continuing to see pressure on property terms and conditions. From Wholesale standpoint, I will tell you that Wholesale had another great quarter, posting organic revenue of 7.7%. Our binding authority business is continuing to grow nicely. We're seeing rates for large broker property falling, as I said earlier, 5% to 20%, depending on the location. Florida is closer to 20% than 5% in most cases, due to the coastal nature of our state. Professional liability is flat, but employment practices liability is continuing to see upward pressure. We're seeing some accounts move from the E&S market back to the standard market, those are GL accounts. In the Services area, the division had a good quarter with organic growth of 2.1%. Considering there were no weather-related events to drive claims processing revenues, we believe that this is a good result. Within our Services businesses, we realized solid growth from new work claims clients. This was partially offset, because we're seeing backlogs within our social security advocacy business, and this has had a direct impact on revenues in that business. Now, I'll turn it over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Andrew Watts: Thanks, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Now, let me talk about our financial highlights and some of the key metrics for the quarter. Our total revenues grew 17.3%, and when we remove the revenue related to Wright, we grew the topline by 6.6%. We believe showing our results without an acquired company provides a clear picture of the comparative financial performance. Our pre-tax income, excluding Wright, grew by 7.1%, even with the increased interest cost related to the bonds. I'll talk more about our run rate on debt, later in my presentation. Our employee compensation and benefit cost as a percentage of revenue are running slightly below 50%. As a reminder, in the third quarter of last year, we recognized $1.3 million of one-time cost associated with a large acquisition that did not occur. And this year we had a true-up of our healthcare reserve that resulted in a benefit of $1.1 million. These two combined, resulted in a $2.4 million swing year-on-year. If both items were removed from the applicable year, our margins would be substantially flat year-over-year. We have a very disciplined approach to profitable revenue growth. And so from an EBITDAC perspective, we delivered good flow-through with an increase of 7.5% versus the 6.6% revenue increase. Our earnings per share increased to $0.47 in the third quarter, which was a $0.04 or 7.7% improvement over the prior year, when Wright is excluded. With our share repurchases in the second and third quarters, we've been able to keep our weighted average shares constant, so there was no dilution. In the fourth quarter we'll get the full effect of the $50 million accelerated share repurchase program we commenced in Q3 and finalizing Q4. As we said previously, not every quarter will show margin expansion, as we'll make investments at certain times to help grow the business. Our goal is to grow our business organically and profitably. Moving over to Slide 7, I'd like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our total revenue increased by $62 million year-over-year or 17.3%. A large portion of this growth came from the net acquisitions and dispositions. The largest component was the Wright acquisition. We also realized $1.2 million increase related to contingence and guaranteed supplemental commissions, which were primarily driven by our Wholesale division. Our as-reported EBITDAC margin increased to 35.1% from 33.7% in 2013. So similar to the organic revenue analysis, we adjusted for Wright in order to arrive at comparative numbers. On an adjusted basis, our EBITDAC margin improved 30 basis points from 33.7% in 2013 to 34% in 2014. Moving to Slide 8. Let me now talk a little bit more detail about each of our divisions. Our Retail division delivered 5.1% growth, partially driven by acquisitions completed within the last 12 months, and our underlying organic growth was 2.1%. Our year-over-year EBITDAC margin declined slightly by 30 basis points, which was driven by the investment and new teammates, these we mentioned during the second quarter, and non-recurring facility lease exit cost. Excluding the lease exit cost, our margins would be substantially flat for the quarter. On Page 9, our National Programs division, revenues grew by 49.7%, mainly due to the acquisition of Wright and increased 2% organically. We are continuing to see improvements in the marketplace and more carriers are interested on our niche programs, as an alternative approach to addressing market needs. During the quarter, we also had some renewals for certain programs that moved to the fourth quarter. If these were renewed in the third quarter, our organic growth rate would have been slightly over 3%. We realized good margin expansion on an as-reported basis, with a 250 basis point improvement, mainly related to Wright. When adjusting for the effective Wright, the adjusted EBITDAC margin decreased by 20 basis points. The slight decrease is related to the timing of the renewals, I previously noted. Please note that the 20.1% decrease in pre-tax margin is related to the inter-company interest charges and the increased amortization and depreciation related to the Wright acquisition. As a reminder, inter-company interest charges are eliminated in our consolidated numbers. Moving to Page 10. Our Wholesale division had another strong quarter, reporting revenue growth of 12.6% and organic growth of 7.7%. The EBITDAC margin decreased slightly, driven by the investment in new teammates along with year-over-year unfavorable movement in foreign currency translation related to Decus, our London broker. We've realized FX gains or losses in previous quarters and years, when there has been a material movement in the sterling to dollar rates. Excluding the FX impact, margins for this division would be up slightly. For the Service division, on Page 11, we delivered organic growth of 2.1%. We realized growth from our USIS and NewQuest businesses, as both businesses have added new customers over the past year. We also experienced a decline in our claims processing businesses of Colonial and ICA, as there were no significant weather-related events to create processing revenues. We also continue to face headwinds within our social security and disability advocacy business. While we have good incoming volumes, there has been a continued slowdown in processing by the federal government. From income before income taxes and EBITDAC perspective, it really comes down to the lack of significant weather-related events and their impact on several of our GPAs. Moving over to Page 12. Now, we've reviewed the financials. Let me shift gears and talk a little bit more about our capital evolution. The issuance of our bonds with the next phase in our debt structure, after establishing our credit facility in the second quarter, we're proud to report that the inaugural 10-year public bonds we issued during the quarter received investment grade ratings from S&P and Moody's. We're very pleased with the results and the corresponding coupon of 4.2%. The proceeds of the bonds were used to payoff the $475 million we had drawn on our revolving credit facility. This results in our revised weighted average cost of debt to be approximately 3%. Our new quarterly run rate for interest expense will be approximately $10 million, barring any future use of the revolver. Moving to Slide 13. In transitioning to the equity component of our capital structure, we initiated a $50 million accelerated share repurchase program during the quarter, as part of the $200 million plan announced early in the third quarter. A total of approximately 1.3 million shares were purchased at the time of commencing the program. This initial program was completed in October, with the final share settlement of approximately 240,000, for a total program purchase of 1.5 million shares. We will get the full impact of these purchases in the fourth quarter's weighted average share calculation. Looking at the possibility of future purchases, these will be assessed and evaluated against internal and external investments, with our objective around our capital deployment strategy to be the optimization of shareholder returns. We do expect continued purchasing of shares, in order to minimize the impact of share creep related to our stock incentive plans. On Slide 14, in the second quarter we provided ranges of where we expect Wright to perform. We're very pleased to report that the performance of each of the businesses are in line with our expectations for the quarter. As a reminder, in the second quarter, we mentioned that the forecast included $7.5 million of revenues related to catastrophic events. This was based upon the 10-year average, excluding Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy. As we mentioned, in some years the actual results will be higher or lower than the average. So unless there is an unusual storm, it looks like 2014 will be one of those years that will be below the average. We want to let you know that this estimated revenue is budgeted to hit substantially in the fourth quarter, due to the historical timing of when the significant events occur, which is normally in the third quarter. Given the fact, there have been no significant events during the peak hurricane season, cat revenues were more than likely decreased about $6 million in the fourth quarter, and this will equate to about $0.02 impact on earnings per share. So please take this into consideration when updating your Q4 models. With that, Powell, let me turn it back over to you for closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy, for a great report. In closing, we have a good pipeline of acquisitions and we look forward to continuing those discussions with all of them. And we're pleased with the strategic positioning across all of our divisions and continue to add new teammates that will drive the business forward. Now, with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Dianna, and we'll open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: I was hoping to first start, I guess, spending a little bit more time on the organic revenue growth target of 4%. And what really changed I guess this quarter to cause you to think that you might not hit that target for the full year. I mean, I know, just the combination of the rating environment and the slower pickup in the middle-market economy. But is that something that you saw that specifically changed in the third quarter or just maybe a build up throughout the whole year? Just some more details on what you're seeing there that caused you to become a little bit, I guess, more pessimistic this quarter?
Powell Brown: Elyse, I would tell you, I think really the thing I would point to is, what we see or anticipate is the lack of significant weather event related revenue in the fourth quarter. We watch with interest, as the markets softens or whatever its doing, and we obviously are kind of a reflection of the middle-market economy. But if you're really asking, if you ask Andy or myself, the first thing that we point to would be that, that revenue which I think Andy said, when we look at some of these claims administration businesses, we have historically looked at them on six or 10 year averages, most of the time the 10-year averages, excluding significant events like Sandy and Katrina. And so that's the thing that I would point to, as Andy called out in his report. We continue to see certain areas of the country that are doing really well and you mirror that with other areas, they are not doing as well. An example would be, if you go to Miami right now, there is an unbelievable number of cranes in the air, building new condo towers, and you go 80 or 90 miles across the state in Naples and it's very slow from an economic standpoint. So that's what we point to, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then, so in terms of I guess the slowdown or the lower weather-related revenues, does it really have an impact on the Retail segment as much; so that when you say, I guess, be about 2%, 2.1% growth you saw this quarter that's about tracking with where you had in mind or is that also a little bit slower?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we haven't given organic growth guidance on Retail. We've said that we think it's a low-to-mid single-digit organic growth business, and we are always striving to grow our business organically more. And so I think that as we've said historically, there will be quarters where there will be ups and/or conversely there could be slight downs, but I don't think that one quarter create a trend. And so if you think about it we've had a little movement in that space over the year, but we are continuing to work on growing it more quickly as we move forward.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: And then in terms of the acquisition, just on the deal front, we've seen a little bit of a slowdown as of late. Is that more of a function of the size of deals in the market, the potential price associated, multiples associated with deals? And then, just in terms of how you balance on your capital with the $200 million repurchase program. Could we potentially see repurchases pickup, if in fact, we continue to see a slowdown on the acquisition front?
Powell Brown: So you're correct in saying, we did not close an acquisition in the third quarter and we've done about $147 million for annualized revenue year-to-date. That said, I always think that why and when people sell. There is a whole multitude of reasons for that. And so we are always in the market talking with people, and whether it happens in Q3, Q4 or ever for that matter, it's ultimately dependent on if we can come to some sort of mutually agreeable terms and conditions and a purchase price that will work for both of us. I think that there is lots of activity in the marketplace, Elyse. That does not mean that we're consummating lots of transactions, but there seems to be lots of activity. And as we've talked about it in the past, I believe that that is driven particularly by a desire for firms to acquire businesses. Some of those are backed by private equity, which have models, some of those models are driven by very low interest rates, and so they're able to pay significantly high multiples. As it relates to your question around the share repurchases, we've said, and as Andy said in his presentation, that we will continue to evaluate a share repurchase versus our other options. We have that. It's a little bit like an arrow in our quiver. And you've heard Andy and myself say, that in our strategy in terms of growing our business there are really three components: one is, internal investment in new teammates and growing the business organically; two; external investments; and three; returning the shareholders, which is historically true, either one, dividend increases, which we've been very pleased about and/or share repurchase, which we've done, the $25 million plus the $50 million, so far this year. So we'll continue to keep our eyes on that, but we are not saying categorically that it's going to happen. We will continue to evaluate the options that exist in the other two buckets to see if and/or when we might do something like that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Farrell of Sterne, Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee: Just a question on expenses and margins, I think you said that if you adjusted for Wright and also some comparison issues in both quarters, they will be closer to a flattish margin. And I guess my question is you've talked about step investments that you might be making into various parts of the business. I wonder if there is any particular ones that you might be able to highlight this quarter? And then as we think longer-term I think you have talked about still wanting to be able to show moderate margin growth, even as you do these investments. Is that something that you still think is achievable at the current organic growth rates?
Andrew: Let me take the first one around the expenses. If you recall, in the second quarter, we talked about areas where we were investing in new teammates, and we had called such as our new cyber security practice, our MNA, our Zoom product within Wholesale. Tony Strianese has been adding new teammates in there to grow the investment. So those are the areas where we're primarily investing, right now internally, at this stage. With those though, when we bring on new teammates, they don't' payoff in the first quarter. You got to bring them on board, they need a chance to start to build a book. So we'll see those in the out quarters, on flow-through from both revenue and down the operating profit.
Watts: Let me take the first one around the expenses. If you recall, in the second quarter, we talked about areas where we were investing in new teammates, and we had called such as our new cyber security practice, our MNA, our Zoom product within Wholesale. Tony Strianese has been adding new teammates in there to grow the investment. So those are the areas where we're primarily investing, right now internally, at this stage. With those though, when we bring on new teammates, they don't' payoff in the first quarter. You got to bring them on board, they need a chance to start to build a book. So we'll see those in the out quarters, on flow-through from both revenue and down the operating profit.
Powell: And so, Dan, to the second question about growth in margins or organic growth, and I know that you and others have wanted us to say, at what point do you have margin expansion, when you have organic growth. And what we've said is, when we have organic growth, we can have margin expansion that is dependent upon the investments that we're making in the business. And so I want everybody to understand that I'm very comfortable of where we are relative to the profitability of our company. And what I mean by that is, we are trying to have a healthy balance between organic growth and profitability. As you know, we have the industry-leading margins and free cash generation on those dollars generated; something that we're really proud of. So I'm not trying to be vague so much, as to say that we have 7,700 teammates at Brown & Brown. And in order to get to our $2 billion goal, we believe we're going to have to hire or acquire roughly 3,000 additional teammates. And we are doing this, as you know, for the long term. So we are thinking around, when we find somebody that we think is that talented, we've got to get them on our team. And there might be a short-term impact for a long-term gain. That's the way we're looking at it.
Brown: And so, Dan, to the second question about growth in margins or organic growth, and I know that you and others have wanted us to say, at what point do you have margin expansion, when you have organic growth. And what we've said is, when we have organic growth, we can have margin expansion that is dependent upon the investments that we're making in the business. And so I want everybody to understand that I'm very comfortable of where we are relative to the profitability of our company. And what I mean by that is, we are trying to have a healthy balance between organic growth and profitability. As you know, we have the industry-leading margins and free cash generation on those dollars generated; something that we're really proud of. So I'm not trying to be vague so much, as to say that we have 7,700 teammates at Brown & Brown. And in order to get to our $2 billion goal, we believe we're going to have to hire or acquire roughly 3,000 additional teammates. And we are doing this, as you know, for the long term. So we are thinking around, when we find somebody that we think is that talented, we've got to get them on our team. And there might be a short-term impact for a long-term gain. That's the way we're looking at it.
Andrew Watts: And Dan, for a clarification on that, the $2 billion that Powell talks about, that's our intermediate goal, but doesn't mean that's our endpoint.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Campbell of Stephens Inc.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc.: If you guys could just run back through foreign exchange risk or just exposure in Wholesale, just want to make sure we got a good grip on that going forward?
Andrew Watts: John, our Decus operations over there are U.S. dollar denominated. So whenever there is any change in FX, all that flows to our P&L. A lot of it depends upon the materiality and rate changes on a quarterly basis. In this case, we had a fair movement in the dollar to sterling. Last year we had it in Q1. So it does kind of ebb and flow back and forth.
Powell Brown: That was a positive, the last year.
Andrew Watts: No. Q1 of last year was a negative. It was $800,000 of negative in Q1 of last year. So it does move back and forth. And the last couple of quarters, it hasn't been that material to us. This one just, we had a little bit more of a spike in the rate.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc.: And then maybe could you just kind of walk through what the rate environment looks like for Wholesale in the U.K.?
Powell Brown: Well, you're talking about domestic. Our international business in London is actually writing North American business primarily. So when we talk about the wholesale rates, when we talk about cat property, we talk about liability and professional lines, that would include that.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc.: And then on contingent commissions, just the losses this year. Could you guys just kind of point us in a direction where you can expect that to go throughout the next two or three quarters?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we recognized in Q1 of this year, the FIU contingency. So we don't believe that there will be any contingencies. We are checking on that. So let's be careful of that. There might be some, but we don't think that's the case. And so -- do you have an estimate on Q4 contingencies from a historic perspective?
Andrew Watts: Well, we had FIU in Q3 of last year. So I mean, on this one John, I think we've talked about this on previous quarters is around the Contingents and GSCs. It's not something that we have or that we give any guidance for into the future, just because not all of those we can control, because there are some loss activity.
Operator: We'll go next to Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Just to go down little bit on the organic growth on the two segments; the first on National Programs. So it looks like 2% or 3% dependent on the timing, so just wondering underneath that, do you have breakdown what's Arrowhead is growing at. And how do you think sort of what's the business going forward, essentially in term of organic growth? I believe before, like a part of this Arrowhead was growing like 5% to 6% and does it mean that the business is slowing down to like a low-single digit as well?
Powell Brown: So we don't breakout now the growth specifically related to Arrowhead. So as we said last quarter, effective July 1, all of the programs across the country now report to Chris Walker. And there are team of leaders that are there, not only in San Diego, but around the country that run those businesses in the program space. We've not specifically said relative to the growth of Arrowhead or to the program space. We haven't given that growth guidance, but we have said that there is, as an organization, we believe our business grows at low-to-mid single digits. And so some programs, as you know, will be performing well at sometimes, and other times there will be programs that will be slow or being impacted by something with another competitor in that particular space over that period of time. We're very pleased with how our programs division is performing and specifically the leaders that run those businesses, which enable us to either expand the existing programs or create new programs going forward.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Then on the Wholesale side, it looks like your market commentary, it looks like pricing is flat to down, yet the organic growth is pretty strong and close to 8%. Could you talk little bit more about that, as you're gaining accounts or gaining shares?
Andrew Watts: Sure. So remember we have two sides of our brokerage, or our Wholesale business, as you know; the binding authority business, and those are premiums that might average $3,000 to $4,000 in premium. So the individual production underwriters and that part of the space are writing lots and lots and lots and lots of accounts. And then in the brokerage space, whether it'd be property liability or professional liability, let's just use property since we're here in Florida. When you see that, you have, as we've talked about, there is a lot of interest in large catastrophic property accounts and the bigger the account, the more attention it gains. And so carriers are very focused on trying to write some of those bigger accounts, so there is more pricing pressure on those. And so what we're trying to do as either in the binding authority space or the brokerage space, it to be the solution provider of choice to our clients. And so what that means is we've got all kinds of inventory that we're trying to manage for our retail clients all over the place, and in that we are writing a lot of that business. So as you've seen, the organic growth rate is down slightly from the prior quarter in that space, I do think that that's as a result of continued downward pressure on rates. It's something that we watched carefully, but that space has grown very nicely over the last several quarters. I will point out to the Wholesale arena, is an arena where you have more, I would say, vicious swings typically on rates, and so there could be high or low and that impacts higher or much higher or much lower than maybe the overall retail market, which in turn exacerbates organic growth, either growth or shrinkage, when it gets really competitive. So that's how we see it.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Then lastly on the, sort of like, if you just step back a little bit, to think about the pricing cycle we're in right now. And is this environment is basically, like for the broker competition, do you think there will be more competition or like actually good for you, because that the market is sort of curious, it need to access to the market or get business?
Powell Brown: So what I would say is this, number one, there is about $680 billion of surplus now in a marketplace that writes less than $500 billion of premium. So that is in and of itself, in my mind, means there is basically simply stated, there is more surplus than premium, so therefore there is going to continue to be downward pressure on rates. We're seeing rate increases either moderate or flatten. I think that if you want to speculate a little bit, I think that rates into next year across the board, if I were to give an indication of kind of what I've heard in talking with our carrier partners, and just the gut instinct, I think we are going to see rates slightly negative in '15, particularly depending on second half of the year with catastrophic events, meaning if there is not hurricane that occurs somewhere in the costal areas of the United States that will probably also make that speed up a little bit, but I am saying maybe zero to five. Also, as you know, at the end of every year there are some companies that become overly aggressive in the fourth quarter, I do not anticipate this year to be any different. So as people are looking at their goals and their premium commitments, depending on how they are looking at their business, some may get more aggressive than others in the fourth quarter. All of that in my mind is a positive for our clients, because as you know, we're trying to provide the best coverage for the most competitive price for our clients. Having said that, I watch and we watch carefully the economy and the rates. And so I tell people that we have seen scenarios where rates are down 3%, 5%, 7%, 9% before, and we can grow the business organically slightly, but organically, but we're not to that level yet, and we'll watch with great interest then we'll see.
Operator: We'll go next to Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields - KBW: Just a couple of small-ish detailed question, I guess. Powell you mentioned that you need to add about 3,000 new teammates. Do you have a timeframe for that? And can you give us an update in terms of how many of those have already been added to be roster?
Powell Brown: No. We haven't set a specific timeframe. If our only goal was to get to $2 billion in revenue, which is not, but if that were the goal, we could have done that last week, last month or last year. That would not have been the appropriate thing to do on behalf of our shareholders and we wouldn't do that. Having said that, the number that I gave you, right now our total number of teammates is about 77 and changed. I think it's like 7,762 is the last number I saw. When I said 3,000 teammates, I usually have said that around 7,600 teammates. So I think we're going to probably have somewhere between 10,500 and 10,700. It's not something where we are keeping track necessarily of so called the teammates-specific, it's more as a result of the revenue whether as we grow it organically or we acquire it along the way. So I wouldn't want to you to focus so much on the teammates-piece, which is the most important piece, but the number of teammates -- rather you be focused on and you're going to know about it when we get there. But when we get to our intermediate goal of $2 billion in revenue, then we're going to set another goal and we'll go forward from there.
Andrew Watts: Meyer, I'll probably add to that, that the backdrop, and you've probably heard in comments from both Powell and myself is, our goal is we want to make sure we grow the business profitably and organically. And so we're going to feather in those, the new teammates, as most appropriate for each of the businesses, and so we're going to monitor those very closely. We will look at every one of our investments. We look at the markets that we play in, the rates and the opportunity. So I think keep that as your backdrop as to how you think about on our investment and the people.
Meyer Shields - KBW: And I think, Andy, you mentioned that there is a $1.1 million medical reserve adjustment. Which segments or segments was that in?
Andrew Watts: Now, that's across the board. That's for all of our teammates, Meyer. And what we did in the third quarter was we had some true-up with our outside actuaries, and we do this generally on the regular basis, normally once a year, just making sure where we are on loss runs and everything. But that's just spread across all groups. In this case, we recorded at the corporate level for the quarter.
Meyer Shields - KBW: And then lastly, the timing issues with regard to the program revenues, are the expenses also sort of, I don't know if deferred is the right word, but are those especially were in the fourth quarter or those were there in the third quarter?
Andrew Watts: No. They were there in third quarter. These were again, just a group of accounts that we're schedule to renew in the third quarter, and for budgeting reasons they want to move into the fourth quarter. So it's just a shifting of revenue. The cost is still the same where it was. And that's why as I mentioned the impact on the margins.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: The $6 million, $0.02 in EPS, Andy, how did you frame that? Was that relative to the long-term trend in terms of claims or was that relative to last year, how do we think about that?
Andrew Watts: Yes, Mark. So good way to think about it is, we said we had $7.5 million in our forecast originally for revenues related to weather events, and that was our 10-year average, when we excluded Hurricane Katrina as well as Superstorm Sandy. When we look at the fact, there's been no storms during the third quarter that takes out a significant portion of that in the backend of the year, so that's $7.5 million will drop by just about $6 million somewhere right in that range, and the flow-through affect on it will be about $0.02 on EPS.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: And is that to say, most of that -- all of that would have been expected in the fourth quarter?
Andrew Watts: Yes, almost of it in the fourth quarter. Just historically the way it works, Mark, is hurricane season is June through November, but kind of the prime season is third quarter. And there is normally kind of a 60 to 90 day lag from when the storm occurs and when revenues flow, so you will normally see kind of a spike, if we're ever going to have in the fourth quarter.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: And then one of the question. Anyway to quantify how much growth you've seen in the backlog in the social security disability applications? Is the merit of those applications or quality of the application you think is good as what you've seen historically? And then any outlook for the pace of the government panel -- the government handle those, is that going to pick up any time soon. What do you think?
Powell Brown: So Mark, what I would say is, we believe that the quality of the opportunities are as good as we've had in the past, so the analogy that I will give you is kind of an unusual one, but if you have a visual of a large snake eating a wild bore, you know that it is barely getting it through the mouth, and there is a place in, as its trying to digest this animal to get into the flow, so there is this place, which is holding up that animal from passing through for a period of time. That's how we describe it internally relative to the government. And so there is this hold up, so apparently as history would have it, this goes in kind of waves, and so some people would say, well, sequestration impacted the business, and so therefore -- meaning the government, and so therefore they didn't hire. They had people retiring. They didn't hire a number of people back, i.e. 2,000 to 3,000 people. And until they hire those people back, they won't be able to process the same number of claims at the same pace. I would say that that sounds nice, but I don't believe until I see it. I think it's more a trend. And so we have not seen anything at the present time that would lead us to believe that they're going to be processing more claims in the near-term. But once again, the way I look at it is, if you remember the analogy, if you think of the wild boar in the mouth of the snake, at some point that starts to break down, starts to pass along in the snake. And so we feel good about the opportunities that it presents, but it also -- we continue to have to service it, incur costs on the front-end without receiving revenue, the corresponding revenue on the front end. So there is a backlog of that. And I wish we had better transparency for it, and I could say, categorically, but unfortunately, it's our government model of efficiency relative to that particular thing.
Andrew Watts: Mark, to your question about quality incoming is, no, we're not seeing any changes in the quality of that. And maybe your question is going to, is that the reason why the revenues down, they're not being approved? No, that's not the case. This is only how much can we get through the funnel, right now.
Powell Brown: The snake.
Andrew Watts: Yes. Or also known as the snake.
Powell Brown: The snake, yes.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. I appreciate the snake analogy.
Powell Brown: I thought you'd like that, Mark.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Couple of different questions. In the retail, how's Beecher doing?
Andrew Watts: Well, our Retail business, it's all Brown and Brown, and everybody is doing fine. We'd like to, like as I said, sometimes we grow it as quickly as we want and sometimes we don't. And like I said, we are pleased with the overall performance of all of our retail operations.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: On the programs side, excluding obviously some of the other transactions last year, is the drop in organic, is that mainly property-related would you say?
Powell Brown: There is a component of that is property-related, but I would say it is not exclusive to that.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Could you give us just some idea, I guess, what the other -- just generally, not looking for exact numbers, but generally what are some of the other factors that are, I guess, impacting that?
Powell Brown: So just think about the same concept, Adam, that we talked to you about earlier relative to some of the questions on the market. If you have a standard markets, admitted markets on one-off basis, or as rates maybe mitigate or even go negative periodically, you might get a market in a particular area in a class of business that would become as competitive or even potentially more competitive than an existing program for a short period of time. And so what I mean by that is it's conceivable whether you have a social services account or you have a professional liability account or you have an earthquake account or you have a wind account, a property account with wind, anyone of those programs could actually have an individual one-off account that would become more competitive than the program, and so that retail agent could be placing it directly with one of their markets. Their commission, retain commission would be higher. Usually it will be 15% rather than maybe 10% retained. But usually when the market goes below the programs for an extended period of time, there will be a correction. So this is not something that's new, it's just maybe a little bit exacerbated by the fact that we've talked about the surplus to premium ratio, and specifically, we're getting into the second half of the year and some carriers some times get a little more aggressive in the second half, most notably in the fourth quarter.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: And then on the service of claims area, will the lack of cats in the third quarter, will that impact the fourth quarter also for that division?
Powell Brown: That actually is what Andy is talking about, that $6 million.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: That's for that, okay.
Powell Brown: Yes. That's the fourth quarter. So yes, the answer is yes.
Andrew Watts: And Adam on that, the $6 million is on the cat component. And we'll see also affects within our colonial claims business and probably a bitten side of our other ICA and NACM. So there is a ripple effect through the business, primary it would be over in right.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: And then how's the benefit business doing? Could you just give us some idea compared to overall retail, is that doing better or worse?
Powell Brown: We don't breakout the organic growth of employee benefits. As you know, Adam, it's a $250 million business roughly for us, now. And we write from small group all the way to very, very large group. We continue to see as some of the mandates come down, interesting opportunities that are created there. We are writing lots of new business in our benefits operations. And part of that is our ability to navigate and clearly articulate the nuances of ACA, but we don't break it out rather than our retail. It's just part of the Retail division.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Billingsley of Compass Point.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: Just had a few follow-up questions to some earlier answers. Regarding M&A deals and what you're looking at, has your appetite for deal size changed at all, again, largely versus smaller deals given where you think premium rates are moving towards. And then also how you look at funding them? Has that changed given the low interest rate environment?
Powell Brown: Ken, relative to what we're looking at, no, our view hasn't changed relative to those businesses that fit culturally that we can come to a financial transaction that we can agree to. So we're looking to do fold-ins into existing offices, we're looking to do standalone operations, and periodically we've been given the opportunity to buy a larger operation, whether it would be Arrowhead, Beecher or Wright. I would tell you this, that if there is a so called difference, I know, we've been asked this question a number of times over the quarters, the only difference really in our mind is we have considered and subsequently done these three larger acquisitions. The analysis of the people there, the way they work with -- the sellers, the way they treat their teammates, the way they treat their clients, how they interface with their carrier partners has not changed, and so we are looking to invest across the spectrum. As I said before, the price of poker, particularly on larger transactions, continues to have upward pressure on it and so there is a point at which it doesn't make financial sense. So I would say that is a first part. The second part of your question was, again?
Andrew Watts: So Ken, this was around terms or structuring of the deals and the financing of those. Just what we have seen over, I guess, the recent past is the terms of the deals are becoming probably more aggressive than what they historically have been. That's really due to the fact that many of the businesses, they have some sort of advisor wrapped around, maybe they've got a business advisor, they've got an investments banker, financial advisor, whatever, and so they are helping to influence that price of poker that Powell talks about in there. And I think what we see now is there is more pressure to ask for more money upfront, than what we have in the past. We used to -- we try to balance that off with earn-outs on the backend. But at the end of the day, we're going to still make sure that we do the right trade-off, we're not paying a $1 on the dollar upfront. We won't take on that type of risk. We balance these through all of them, but we haven't fundamentally changed how we do our deals, how we structure them, or how we pay for them. We like to pay for things in cash. We don't pay for things in stock. We think we've got adequate capital out there, when and if the right deal comes along.
Powell Brown: And so to be specific, the opportunity could be; one, financed through cash from operations, as we look at it, we generate our free cash; and two, we use our revolver, which is now paid down to zero, which is $800 million.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: And on that, given the low interest rate environment, do you see yourself using that revolver and whether it's for stock buybacks or deals whichever become available and are attractive? And then, essentially paying that revolver down, so you can reload it?
Powell Brown: Yes. We don't look at the revolver as a permanent source of financing. I think it's a, pay it down, once we use it.
Andrew Watts: Hold on a second, Ken, I want to clarify something, because you asked about would we use the revolver for stock buybacks. And we wouldn't say, never, but that would be extremely, extremely unlikely that we would do a leverage stock buyback in all of it. Our goal is to make sure that when we're evaluating the deployment of our capital, we do the right thing for our shareholders, which includes all of us as teammates and balancing off of there, and we do want to make sure it's got good cash flow. As Powell said, we want to use that as a spring up and down, but not permanent capital for the organization.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: One other question I have is on the pricing commentary and given where you're expected to go. From a growth standpoint, how many of your customers would you say are under-insured at this point in the cycle, and that they may use any continued price weakness to maybe buy more coverage that they may have given up over prior years?
Powell Brown: Well, Ken, I think that under-insured would be in the eye -- it might be different in the eyes of the purchaser and us. So what I would say is this, remember, we're in the solutions business, so we're trying to present our clients with solutions to the risk that they have. Some of those they may decide to self-insure. And as long as they're comfortable and knowledgeable, that they have that exposure, that's a separate issue as opposed to not recognizing the exposure, and then potentially having an uncovered loss, and they weren't even aware of it. So as it relates to where I think you're going, uptick and purchasing, we talk about that carefully, internally. And I reason I say that is this, when we're talking to our clients, we're thinking about property and causality, we're thinking about employee benefits, we're thinking about personal lines, and so we may only handle one of those three for a client at the present time, so whether the market cycle is up, down or sideways, we're always trying to think about how we can continue to sell more products and services to our client to benefit them. I wouldn't say, its like more uptake, I just think it's more filling out needs that they may have that we maybe capable of solving for them.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: Another way to ask that, based on your answer is how many of them that's self-insured, some of that risk that you've identified, how lower pricing have to go before, it may makes sense for some of them to go back and not fell into risk?
Powell Brown: So I would say, I don't know the answer. And it's more because it's client-by-client, and we don't have a track towards that says, we have 8,000 clients that don't buy umbrellas, that on a very local level our leaders and our sales teammates are talking with clients all the time, but I can't quantify the question as you've asked it.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: The last question I have, and this is just to clarify your comment on the employee numbers, and you may hate that you actually gave that number out. The question is you're thinking about 7,700 employees now, and just annualized revenue number is about $1.6 billion. And you see, you're going to need approximately 3,000 more to get to the $2 billion in revenue. So can you explain, I may have missed it, essentially you're going to need to increase almost 50% just to get another, $400 million revenue. Am I reading that right?
Powell Brown: Well, what I would say is this, if you think about it we right now are in the trailing, we are generating about $200,000 of revenue per employee, right, over that, let's just say roughly. And if you look at the larger firms that might be somewhere in terms of business mix, that number typically looks around 185,000 to 200,000 per employee, and so if you want to be technical, if you take $2 billion and you divide by 185,000, a 190,000, that's probably the number of people in steady state environment that will needed $2 billion of revenue. Having said that, there maybe some businesses that we are in that need more people and there maybe some that need less peoples. So that's how I would say it.
Andrew Watts: And, Ken, I think just when you think about that, and when Powell talks about that 30,000 or so, that's a gross basis. That's how many new teammates we need to attract to bring into the organization over the coming years. We will have retirements out in the organization, we'll have attrition inside of there. So that gets back to -- we're going to look at it from a net basis and make sure that we're growing the business profitably. But it does give you an idea of how many new teammates we have to attract.
Powell Brown: Let me make one comment, Ken, so we know. I just used that number, because it shows, I believe, to you and everybody else, the order of magnitude that we're talking about. And so we think of our business, we're not just thinking about next quarter or next year, we're thinking about what it looks like when we have 10,000 employed teammates or when we have 15,000 teammates. And so it's something that we are trying to get our arms around in a way that would be meaningful. And so that's how we came up with that number. That is not a science. I haven't figured. I haven't come up with that and said specifically. Here it is, by the way. That was sort of a gut-feel based on kind of knowing what I know about our business.
Operator: We'll go next to Sean Dargan of Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: I have one housekeeping question about non-cash stock-based comp. I think last quarter you suggested that it would be in a range of $6 million to $7 million going forward. It was a little light of that this quarter. How should we think of that going forward?
Andrew Watts: That run rate, and we talked about this back at the second quarter earnings, Sean, is that really drives based upon the number of participates that we have in the plan. That run rate right now is still probably a pretty good run rate at this stage. We normally will grant new equity in Q1 for any new teammates. And so we'd expect to see an uptick in that, next year a little bit, historical flow.
Powell Brown: And remember, I just want to clarify one thing, the last large grant that we gave across the board was in July of last year. And so that it seemed to -- and recollection seemed to catch some people off guard, and we will continue to give good clarity around when and if we're going to do another large grant. So when Andy said that the new people, we're not talking about a full scale reload of everybody. That's not we're talking about. We're talking about people that qualify to get into the program. That's a separate issue. So just to distinction there, because it is very important.
Andrew Watts: The January of '15 would probably be very similar to our January of '14 on call it a BAU approach.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Just one small clarification, on the guidance you gave related to the quarterly interest run rate, when I multiply back 3.07% through the amount of debt that you've got outstanding right now, I get a little bit lower run rate, closer to more like $9 million. Did you factor in some amortization or other, just something else, that's in that figure?
Andrew Watts: No. I mean we can follow-up afterwards, just to make sure. But on that blended, we should be right around $10 million on run rate. Right now, we're running just shy of $10 million on it, Mark.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: We can follow-up offline.
Andrew Watts: You can follow-up offline. Just make sure that the math stinks. But we go through it, we track it by every one of the issuances that are out there. We know exactly what it is. And it's a good number.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I noticed, obviously, that some of your peers or maybe you don't think of them as your peers are growing faster than you are, but you have much better margins. If you thought about the entire pool of available commission fees out there that's in your wheelhouse, is the margin on the overall business staying the same, getting greater or getting smaller? And does your growth in that situation mean over the long-term, for you to sustain your margin, implies you will not grow as fast as your competitors?
Powell Brown: Well, let's go back. The first part of the question is this; ultimately, one of the reasons that we believe that we had a different margin profile, and thus free cash flow generation profile is because of a disciplined operating approach that we run our business by for years and years and years, really started by my father, number one. That does not mean that there aren't other firms that run good margin businesses that are typically private that you might not have direct visibility into yourself. And we would only, when we probably have a chance to buy them or talk them seriously about that. But if you look at it, to your point Josh, we have been typically a slightly slower growth business on the topline, but our margin has been sometimes more than a 100% higher than the publicly traded peers, and everybody has a different profile, but if you're putting us in with the other publicly traded brokers. And so we think about it from a standpoint of how can we continue to generate more free cash to reinvest in our three segments of the business that we talked about earlier. And so we want to grow our business organically and profitably. And we're not going to sacrifice and do something that has a very low margin in the short-term or the long-term. To do that, we're built to last company and we're focused on that.
Andrew Watts: Josh, if I can, let me see, if I can clarify a couple of other things. One of the things that I guess is probably worth everybody taking a look at is, definition around organic growth. And there's I think a few of us in the marketplace that laid out quite clearly exactly how we calculate organic, and that's probably good for apples-to-apples. And then when you look at it, it's important if you to take which businesses are inside of there. And as an example, I think when Gallagher reports their brokerage revenue, they combine Retail and Wholesale together, right. So we've had that question in the past as well, why is it your Retail growing as fast as their as well. Put all this together, now you've got apples-to-apples. So I'd leave that one for you. Two, is I think BB&T just came out with their earnings last week, and reported I think about 9.5% of what they call, like sales. What's hard to tell underneath of there and you guys can do your research on it is, if that's true organic, the way that the rest of us define it, don't know. That we'll leave it for you guys that are out there. But what we do know is there are a couple of acquisitions that they made during the second quarter, and it's not clear how they're broken out. So I just want to caution you that when we do this or when you guys ask the question, please make sure it's non-comparative, if you would.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Well, that sounds very reasonable. And just coming back to the next one, do you think if you compare the industry to where it was five years ago, the margin profile of this industry is similar to where it was or has anything really changed?
Powell Brown: I think that I would say that as a general statement, as a general statement that businesses across the board are better run as a whole today than they were five and 10 years ago. So I might say that we have seen an uptick in the overall operating efficiency. That said, that is very firm specific, and it could be location specific within the firm specific. So you could have offices in one area of the country, an office in the other, and they might have a difference margin profile, even though they do the same type of business. So overall, I think they're a little bit better run relative to overall efficiency, but it depends on an organization and it depends on location.
Operator: And our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells: I just had one quick follow-up numbers question. In terms of the Wright, I know you guys pointed out that some of that cat processing claims about $6 million and $0.02 per share might come off in the Q4, I guess, for what you had previously projected. So we are looking at where you breakdown by the quarterly EPS impact that you expect form Wright, I guess, on Slide 14. Now, that says $0.02 in the fourth quarter. So assuming that we lose about that $6 million of revenue, you're assuming that Wright will be about breakeven in the fourth quarter. Is that the right way to look at it?
Fargo: I just had one quick follow-up numbers question. In terms of the Wright, I know you guys pointed out that some of that cat processing claims about $6 million and $0.02 per share might come off in the Q4, I guess, for what you had previously projected. So we are looking at where you breakdown by the quarterly EPS impact that you expect form Wright, I guess, on Slide 14. Now, that says $0.02 in the fourth quarter. So assuming that we lose about that $6 million of revenue, you're assuming that Wright will be about breakeven in the fourth quarter. Is that the right way to look at it?
Powell: It is. Yes. A good way to look at it, Elyse.
Brown: It is. Yes. A good way to look at it, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells: And then just one last question, in terms of, I know you guys do use the Liazon platform for your private healthcare exchange offering for some of your clients. Can you, I guess, provide us some more of an update? Have you seen more of your clients choose that offering over the past year? Has anything kind of changed? I know Towers Watson did acquire Liazon earlier this year. Has anything changed with that relationship? And just kind of, if you want to update us on anything that's going on, on that front?
Fargo: And then just one last question, in terms of, I know you guys do use the Liazon platform for your private healthcare exchange offering for some of your clients. Can you, I guess, provide us some more of an update? Have you seen more of your clients choose that offering over the past year? Has anything kind of changed? I know Towers Watson did acquire Liazon earlier this year. Has anything changed with that relationship? And just kind of, if you want to update us on anything that's going on, on that front?
Powell Brown: Yes, Elyse. Number one, there are more clients that are looking at it as an option. I will tell you that we do have an arrangement with Liazon, but we do also work with some other platforms as well, depending on the area, the country or the office. But I would tell you that that is we believe the private exchange option is an option. That's exactly what it is. It's not necessarily, the solution, it is a solution. And so we're talking all the time with our clients about the possibility of some type of private exchange, as they manage their healthcare cost and their offerings to their individual teammates. So we think it's going well. And the idea that Towers bought them is, they have assured us that they will keep the information separate. And they've assured their other clients that they are going to do the same thing, and we believe them and we have a contract stating as such. But in the event that something change, then we'd have to evaluate that, but we don't anticipate that.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions.
Powell: Thank you, Dianna, and thank you everyone for your time today. And we hope that you have a wonderful week and a good quarter. And we'll talk to you next time. Good day.
Brown: Thank you, Dianna, and thank you everyone for your time today. And we hope that you have a wonderful week and a good quarter. And we'll talk to you next time. Good day.
Andrew: Thank you.
Watts: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and Chief Executive Officer Andy Watts - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Ken Billingsley - Compass Point Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Mark Hughes - SunTrust Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during today's call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those related to the company's anticipated financial results for the second quarter of 2014 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include company's determination as it finalizes our financial results for the second quarter of 2014 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, or those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would like to now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Tina. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our Q2 earnings release call. We're very pleased with our results this quarter, both topline and bottomline. So let's get straight into the highlights for the quarter. We delivered $397.8 million of revenue for the quarter and growth of 22.1%. Our organic revenue grew 3.8% after backing out prior year impact of Hurricane Sandy, claims within the Colonial Claims business. We're proud of this performance and are seeing pockets of modest growth. However, rates continue to be under pressure. And in spite of this, we continued to deliver growth in every one of our divisions. We grew our earnings per share by 16.7% versus the prior year. As we noted previously, there is a seasonal nature to Beecher Carlson large account business. As such, we adjusted for this business in our Q1 earnings release to provide a more meaningful comparison to prior year. To be consistent, we've adjusted for this impact on the Q2 results even as this business did generate significant profit this quarter. Due to the materiality, we're also adjusting for the impact of Wright Insurance Group acquisition, which we completed in May in order to arrive at a more comparative EPS growth. With these three adjustments, our adjusted EPS is $0.38 versus $0.35 for an 8.6% increase. This compares nicely to the adjusted total revenue increase of 9.1%, which you'll see when Andy goes deeper into our financials. In addition to Wright, we completed four acquisitions during the quarter with the combined annual revenue from these acquisitions being approximately $157 million. We were impressed with the early results from all of the acquisitions and we're excited about the opportunities that these acquisitions bring to Brown & Brown and our new team mates. To conclude on the acquisition front, Beecher Carlson has completed their first 12 months as part of our team. This acquisition has delivered on their first year revenue and earnings per share targets even after a slower than expected Q3 of last year. We want to thank each Beecher Carlson team mate for everything they did to accomplish this goal. The results of Beecher Carlson will be included in the Retail results going forward starting with Q3. From a cash flow perspective, our EBITDAC margins improved to 34.2% versus 33.8% in the prior year when adjusting for Hurricane Sandy, Beecher large accounts and Wright. We also delivered another quarter of strong cash conversion. We continue to lead the industry in both EBITDAC and free cash versus our publicly traded competitors. We're very proud of these metrics as they speak to the power of our business model. We completed the $25 million stock buyback in Q2, which was previously announced in Q1. This buyback was to help manage the creep related to our stock incentive plans. We're also pleased to announce that our Board has approved a purchase of up to an additional $200 million worth of outstanding shares. Andy will talk more about this later in the presentation. And lastly, we're continuing to target 4% organic growth for the year, excluding the impact of Hurricane Sandy, revenues within our Colonial Claims business. We've delivered on our target for Q1 and Q2 and we're reaffirming this projection for the remainder of 2014. This will not be easy if the market doesn't continue its forward momentum or rates drop precipitously. We have a great team that's focused on executing and growing. So we know we'll do our best. If you go to place Slide 5, I'd like to talk a little bit about the diversification of our company now. On an annualized basis, Retail represents 51% of our revenue, Programs represents 24% of our revenue, Wholesale represents 15% of our revenue, and Services 10%. That with the new acquisitions including Wright in Q2. So now let's dig a little deeper into the results for the quarter by saying how pleased we are with the organic revenue growth and margin expansion in each division. Let's start with our Retail division. We grew 2% organically and we're seeing standard property renewal rates down 5% largely due to the excess capacity. Large group benefits, over 50 lives, continue to see increases of 5% to 10% or more. Work comp rates continue to climb as the industry experiences consolidating and divestitures. And we're seeing payrolls flat to up slightly. We're not seeing consistent hiring across our client base, which is comprised of over 300,000 customers. Lastly, commercial auto accounts with good claims history are seeing 5% to 15% decreases. Other classes could be flat to up slightly depending on loss experienced. Moving on to National Programs, which is our second largest division after the acquisition of Wright, we're glad to announce that Chris Walker has taken a divisional President role effective July 1st. And since joining the team in January of 12 as part of the Arrowhead acquisition, Chris has continually demonstrated his leadership skills and ability to grow the Program's business. We know he will do a wonderful job leading all of our programs. We are experiencing growth in personal lines, auto, property and residential earthquake at personal property, which all had strong quarters. We continually experienced good retention rates across most of our programs. Now Wholesale, which also had another great quarter, binding authority business did provide multi-line coverages growing nicely. The team is very focused on new sales and retention. We're seeing professional liability and general liability product lines growing with rates flat to up 5%. We are continuing to see decreases in cat property rates in the range of down 15% to 20%. I would note if we don't have a large storm in the second half of the year, we expect to see rates continue to decrease as there's such a large amount of capital chasing results. That said, we are very pleased with the 8.1% internal growth in Q2 for Wholesale. And lastly in the Services division, this division also had a great quarter with organic growth of almost 10%. We realized solid growth from new workers' comp claims clients. During the quarter, we continued to see organic experience backlogs and decreased revenue slightly within our social security disability advocacy business as the Social Security Administration have not hired back everyone after the sequestration last year. However, with this strong organic growth, we delivered good margins. Now I'd like to turn it over to Andy for the financial report.
Andy Watts: Great. Thank you, Powell. Good morning, everyone. Let me now discuss our financial highlights and talk about some of the key metrics of the quarter. Our total revenues grew 22.1%. However, when you remove the $2.1 million of revenue last year related to Hurricane Sandy within our Colonial Claims business, the Beecher Carlson large account business and Wright, we grew the topline 9.1%. We believe the removal of these three large items gives a more clear picture of our comparative financial performance. When we remove the Hurricane Sandy impact, our organic revenues increased by 3.8% year-over-year. We continue to have a disciplined approach to profitable revenue growth. And so from an EBITDAC perspective, we delivered strong flow-through with an increase of 10.3% versus the 9.1% revenue increase. As we've said previously, not every quarter will show margin expansion as there'll be stepped-in investments that we're required to make in order to help grow the organization. We're focused on growing revenues and ensuring our margins increase modestly over time. On an as reported basis, our earnings per share increased 16.7%. And excluding Hurricane Sandy, Beecher Carlson and Wright, it increased by 8.6%. Moving to Slide number 7, I'd like to highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our total revenue increased by $72.1 million year-over-year or 22.1%. A large portion of this growth came from our net acquisitions and dispositions. The largest components were the Beecher Carlson acquisition and Wright. We also realized a $4.8 million decrease related to contingence and guaranteed supplemental commissions. $5 million of this was related to our FIU business. As you'll remember from our Q1 call that we recognized this amount in Q1 of this year versus in the second quarter last year. I wanted to note that during the past four years, we've realized these contingents in three different quarters. So there is some variability of when we actually know the amount. In summary, when we remove the $2.1 million of Colonial Claims, we delivered another solid organic revenue growth quarter of 3.8%. Our as reported EBITDAC margin decreased to 33.9% versus 34.2% in 2013. However, we believe it's important to present the underlying performance, so you have a feel for items in order to arrive at comparative numbers. On an as adjusted basis, our EBITDAC margin improved 40 basis points from 33.8% in 2013 to 34.2% in 2014. Consider the $2.4 million year-over-year increase in our non-cash stock compensation and the movement of the FIU contingent, this margin improvement is even more impressive. As a reminder, we'll be on a comparative basis for stock-based incentive compensation and Beecher Carlson starting in the third quarter. Moving to Slide number 8, now let's talk a little bit about each of our divisions in a bit more detail. Starting with our Retail division, as Powell mentioned, represents just a little over 50% of the total business now. It had a really good quarter. We posted 22.8% growth, primarily driven by the addition of Beecher Carlson. And our underlying organic growth was 2%. We think this is a very good performance in this current market. When we exclude the Beecher Carlson large account business, our margins improved by 130 basis points. So we're very pleased that we're getting good margin expansion as the revenues are growing. Next quarter, Beecher Carlson will be in our organic numbers. So please ensure you capture this in your models. Moving to Slide 9, our National Programs division, we had another great quarter with revenues growing 32.9%, mainly due to the acquisition of Wright. And we grew 2.2% organically. We're continuing to see improvements in the marketplace and more carriers are interested and our niche programs as an alternative approach to addressing market needs. We realized good margin expansion on an as reported basis with 150 basis point increase mainly related to Wright. When we adjust for the effective Wright, the adjusted EBITDAC margin decreased by 160 basis points, primarily related to the recognition of FIU contingents in Q2 of last year. If this was normalized, we would have recognized very good margin expansions. Next is our Wholesale division, which had an outstanding quarter, reporting revenue growth of just shy of 10% and organic growth of 8.1%. This is a very impressive performance as this division is being faced with downward pressure on rates for cat property placements primarily related to coastal properties somewhere in the range of 15% to 20% down. This is being offset partially by some recovery within construction. With the revenue growth, we also delivered strong EBITDAC margins of 35.9% versus 36.3% in the prior year. The slight margin decrease is a great example of how certain stepped investments we make to add new team mates in support of new customers can have a flattening or negative impact in one quarter and then will show margin expansion in the future. Our long-term objective is revenue growth with slight margin expansion. Lastly it is the Services division. When you adjust for Colonial Claims, the division delivered strong organic growth of 9.9%. This was primarily delivered through our USIS and NewQuest businesses. Both businesses have added new customers over the past year. This division delivered great adjusted EBITDAC margin improvement of 50 basis points. Overall, we think the second quarter was a very good performance in that it was right in line with our expectations. Moving to Slide number 12, let me now provide an update on our new credit facility and give some guidance on projected interest expense. The structure of the facility gives us good flexibility with the Term A loan of $550 million and a revolver of $800 million. This revolver gives us access to liquidity as we need funds for acquisitions or it will be paid down as we generate cash from operations. We drew $375 million on the revolver in conjunction with the Wright closing and to pay off existing higher interest rate debt of $230 million. Also, we like to note in July, we drew down $100 million on the revolver for payment of existing Series B notes that matured. The pricing for the facility is LIBOR plus 137.5 basis points. We previously said we're comfortable with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.5 to 2.5. With our current outstanding debt at the end of the quarter, we're right in that range. We're very pleased with our new favorable covenants and interest rates. We've lowered our average cost of debt from about 3.5% to 2.4% and our go-forward interest expense should be about $6.5 million to $7 million on a quarterly basis. Moving to Slide 13, let me now talk about our share repurchases. In the second quarter, we purchased $25 million of outstanding shares, which equates to approximately 845,000 shares. This was in order to help us reduce the impact of share creep related to our stock incentive plans. We are also pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has approved a repurchase of up to $200 million of outstanding shares. This repurchase is the next phase of our capital maturation and is a component of our disciplined approach to capital allocation. We've mentioned to you previously that we distribute our capital in three ways, one is to internal investments, two for external acquisitions, and three is to our shareholders. Historically, we've been doing all three of these with the third coming in the form of dividends. When evaluating our current value along with the current multiples being paid for larger M&A deals, we believe the timing is appropriate to allocate some of our capital to share buybacks. This purchasing could begin in the third quarter of 2014. Please note that the purchases will be funded entirely from cash from operations. Moving to Slide 14, in the first quarter, we committed to providing you with the readout on the total Beecher Carlson business we purchased in July of last year. This should provide you with a more fulsome understanding of the seasonality of the business and should help you with your models. As a reminder, we previously communicated that this business was projected to deliver about $115 million of revenue and $0.05 to $0.07 of EPS improvement. We're very pleased with the performance of the Beecher Carlson business during their first 12 months. They delivered on their topline and EPS targets, growing the business just over 5.5% for the year. The future looks good for the business with growth continued to be forecasted. We'd like to thank all of the Beecher Carlson team members for their dedication over their first year and are very proud to have them on their team. Next, moving to Slide 15. In the first quarter, we also said that we'd provide you with the initial targets for the Wright acquisition. But we mentioned that we needed to get into more details in order to better understand the margins by quarter. Due to the large size of Wright and the seasonal nature of the business, we've provided in here the summary quarterly estimates for revenues, margins and earnings per share. Please note that this business can be influenced by large cat activities. Included in these numbers are a projection of $7.5 million of revenues associated with processing cat claims. This amount represents the 10-year average excluding Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy. So depending upon the year, we could see revenues materially fluctuate above or below this average. We phase these revenues for the cat revenues based upon when they are normally recognized. We also want to note that in order to have Wright in compliance with our accounting policy, we are showing insurance premium taxes on a gross basis. Previously Wright recognized these on a net basis. As a result, this represents about a $12 million increase in revenues and expenses and has a corresponding impact on margins. For clarity, there is no impact on cash flow. As we previously communicated, we expected this business to deliver about $121 million of revenue and $0.09 to $0.10 improvement on EPS. When you add the $12 million for the premium taxes, that would put us at about $133 million, which is right in the range that we provided on the following schedule. With that, let me turn it back over to Powell who'll give closing comments.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Andy, great report. We're well positioned for a continued organic growth even though the market does remain a little inconsistent. The pipeline for acquisition candidates remains good. Each division is well positioned for organic growth and incremental margin expansion. We had a great quarter of acquisitions and are very pleased with each of these. We're pleased with the strong performance of Beecher and Wright and we reaffirm our target of 4% organic growth for the year excluding the impact of Hurricane Sandy. So, Tina, I'd like to turn it back over to you to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Sarah DeWitt from Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: First on the Beecher Carlson acquisition, how would you say the large account business is performing versus your expectations, because it looks like it was dilutive to earnings by $0.01 year-to-date? And I was just to reconcile that versus your comments that the overall business hit your 5% to 7% accretion estimate for the past 12 months.
Powell Brown: Well, the answer is, Sarah, it performed really well in Q4, Q1 and Q2. And so as you remember, we talked about in Q3 of last year that as the senior management team of Beecher was focused on culminating a transaction with us, they weren't able to basically put as much time into new business. And so they were a little short in Q3. So we're very pleased with the results.
Andy Watts: I'd probably also clarify when you talk about the margins similar to what you probably saw in the Wholesale business where we're making investments. We are investing in the large business right now. You may have seen back in May we did a press release on a number of areas where we're trying to grow the business around our mergers and acquisitions, our new ZOOM offering that we have, Cyber Liability, property risk control. So there's a number of areas we're investing that will continue to grow in the future.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: How much excess cash do you have available for buybacks and M&A and how should we think about the timing of the $200 million share buyback authorization?
Powell Brown: So we finished the quarter just a little over $300 million of cash. And for the back-end of the year, if we were to execute the program, we would be able to fund substantially every bit of that from operations in the back year if we complete it by the end of the year.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: So it's reasonable to assume you could do $200 million in the second half?
Andy Watts: From a cash flow perspective, yes, that is reasonable. That's not to say that we would do it though.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: I was hoping to first of all spend a little bit more time, I guess, talking about what you're seeing just in terms of the economy. I know when you look the 4% organic growth that you guys are looking for the full year, it assumes maybe consistent/a little bit above pickup. And then in particular, when we look at the Retail segment as we kind of bring Beecher online into the growth numbers, how would you expect the growth go kind of from where it's trending from here on a quarterly basis forward for the back half of the year?
Powell Brown: To your first comment, we're seeing and we see this through a number of our divisions, but most notably through Retail and Wholesale. So in certain pockets of the country, there're areas where the economy is zooming. And let me give you an example. Miami is booming right now. There's all kinds of construction. There's no glut of condos anymore. All of that has been absorbed and there's 50 condo towers being built in Miami alone. That said, that's not indicative of every place. So you could go Naples, Florida, and it would be much lower, 90 miles across the Everglades. Or you could go to a place like San Antonio, Texas, where the economy has been somewhat stable throughout the economic downturn because of healthcare in that community and government spending. So having said that, it really depends on where you are in the country. I would tell you that in the Retail standpoint, we are continuing to see more additional premiums on audits than return premiums. So that's a positive indication. That's an anecdotal evidence, but I'm just telling you that's one of the things that we're seeing on a broad basis. The second thing is in the Wholesale, Andy referred to the pickup in construction activity. So we're seeing lots of builders' risk policies on new projects and liability on smaller or new contractors in terms of liability to work on these projects. That said, it goes up and down in different areas around the country. As it relates to the second half of the year, included in Beecher and all around, we reiterate what we have said before, which is Retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business. That has not changed. So some quarters it will be up a little bit, some quarters it will be down a little bit. But the margin continues to be very good and we're very pleased with all of our team mates in Retail, which is now 51% of the company in more diversified company in regards to the actual businesses that we have all in the United States and one business in London.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: You guys have started mentioning some of the investments that you've been making in the organization and how that's kind of going to offset some of the margin improvement. Just any more commentary you want to provide about that, the magnitude of the growth we might see in your expenses maybe on an organic basis going forward. And then just in terms of margins, as Wright comes on, even with these investments, do you still think that overall we'll still see margin improvement on a consolidated basis?
Powell Brown: Well, Elyse, the short answer is we're working and thinking around how we want to talk about our internal investments to you and everybody else. The idea though is you know and we know that in order to grow our business organically, we have to make internal investments along the way, which we have done historically. But we are going to do some additional internal investments that we're excited about. Andy alluded to several of those within the Beecher operation. But as we've said, we're very pleased with the margin where we are. We do believe that there're incremental improvement possibilities. Some of that will be offset in our step-up in internal investment, which we anticipate will yield more internal growth. We'll probably provide more information going forward in the future. But at this time, that's all we're going to be saying.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Billingsley, Compass Point.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: On Slide 15, just want to clarify this. You say that it is adjusted for corporate overhead. That corporate overhead, is that an allocation of existing cost already at the firm or were these new corporate overhead costs that are being excluded from that margin?
Andy Watts: It's a combination. So we did have some incremental overhead. And then some of it is existing allocated down to the business. As you probably remember off of previous calls, we allocate all of our overhead down to all of our businesses. So we try to understand a fully loaded basis.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: Can you give a dollar amount on what the adjustment is?
Powell Brown: No, we wouldn't go into that level of granularity on it, Ken.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: When you talk about the stock buyback plan of being opportunistic with the $200 million that's been put in place that one of the reasons is that M&A deals are getting too expensive. Could you expand on what you're seeing there and what's going on from an M&A perspective? You talk about a strong pipeline, but what does that mean from a purchase standpoint?
Powell Brown: What I would tell you is the evolution, and I think I've said this before, of the acquisition space has been interesting in a sense that prior to 2000, the big acquirers were really publicly-traded brokers typically. From 2000 to 2007, it was banks. And now, many of those banks are reevaluating their position and/or figuring out if they want to continue to hold that asset. The final in 2007 and forward as a result of the very low interest rate, you have the significant participation of private equity, which is the three to seven year typically participation in that space. And so there is a lot of activity around acquisitions. And so we look at the share repurchase as another potential investment opportunity of our capital, as Andy talked about. There continues to be slight upward pressure on prices. Those prices typically are defined at certain breakpoints. Breakpoints would be maybe under $20 million in revenue and $20 million to $50 million or $75 million and then above that. And so as I said, we have a disciplined model, as you know. And ultimately, what we're interested in is first and foremost the cultural fit. If the fit is not there for our culture, we don't do the deal. The second thing is, is there a way to come to a mutually agreeable price in terms of the purchase that works. And so we do that on all of our acquisitions and look at that very closely. And so like I said, we continue to evaluate all kinds of interesting opportunities out there and are excited to continue to do so. But if in fact purchase price multiples go up further or if on an individual deal that we think fits culturally if someone else puts a number out there that doesn't seem to make sense financially to us, we're not going to do it.
Andy Watts: What we're trying to make sure that we can do with all of this is when we look at our capital, it's not endless in nature, we have to allocate it around and we're trying to make sure we optimize the returns on it. And we're going to be looking at all of our items, as we have historically, and make sure that we get hopefully the best returns that we can. And with the current multiples that we're trading at and if you look at some of the larger acquisitions that are out there, when they start pushing on these multiples north of 10, the IRR starts to point towards the direction of a share purchase, because you're going to eliminate all of the integration risk around all of it. So there's a lot of rigor that we put into every one of these deals, in addition to what Powell said, to make sure financially we're doing the right thing for the organization and for our shareholders.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: Another question I have is on your organic growth estimate of 4% for the year of the Slide 6 and the last slide. Is that an adjusted organic growth number?
Powell Brown: That does not include Colonial Claims impact in Q1. That's correct.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: I'm assuming it wouldn't include Wright either.
Powell Brown: Remember, any acquisition is not included in organic growth until having been on the team for 12 months. So it includes Beecher and it includes any acquisition that rolls on that was acquired in the prior 12 months once they pass the 12-month anniversary.
Andy Watts: And, Ken, for clarity, it's only going to include Beecher for the six-month time right now, for the second half of the year, not for the first half, okay?
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: So looking from an adjusted standpoint, will there have to be some accelerated growth in certain segments or are you pretty much on target? I think it was 3.8% now adjusted. But once you had Beecher in there, are you expecting some larger organic growth in one segment versus another?
Powell Brown: Remember, as I said earlier, in Retail, we think that's a low to middle single-digit organic growth business. And we believe that that's a broad statement, applies also to the company as a whole. At the present time, Wholesale has been enjoying significant organic growth, as you've seen last year and the first part of this year. But I think that each one of those divisions will continue to make up a part of us achieving that goal going forward. And as you know, we've talked about that was a one-year only indication. So going forward, we will not be giving organic growth guidance. We've been saying that from the beginning, but I just wanted to clarify that.
Ken Billingsley - Compass Point: Last question is, so our acquisition growth was higher than we had estimated. Was there better revenue growth coming from acquisitions that you expected, or could it possibly be a timing issue of when we put those revenues in our model versus maybe we thought it was coming in third quarter, and it came in the second quarter? Can you just talk about some expectations from maybe where revenues came from acquisitions?
Andy Watts: Ken, probably two good points there is when we look through everybody's models, (inaudible) was a little light on our acquired revenue. Most of that was the other acquisitions that we did during the quarter. And I think just not getting that estimate correct. So that would be one. From the businesses that we acquired, all of them are performing right in line with our expectations. So we're very pleased with each of those. You shouldn't read anything into that from an unusual perspective that we were higher than everybody out there and therefore change anything for the third quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I feel I'm getting a little bit of mixed signals from you on the buyback. When I think about Brown & Brown, you like to buy businesses ideally maybe six to eight times EBITDA when they work for you. You're also an age where you're doing large transactions of big companies where you're paying more for that. Why be cagey about a $200 million buyback of your own stock when you're trading at eight times EBITDA? Or at least how are you thinking about it?
Andy Watts: I wouldn't say we're cagey about it. And the reason why we're just cautious as to committing to it a time is we haven't agreed upon when we're actually going to enter into the market or how we're going to go about it either in an open market purchase or an accelerated share repurchase on the timing. So that's the only reason why we're being cagey. But from a financial perspective, we're definitely not.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And additionally, when you talk about the step investments, there was a question asked about it before, but I think that there's some concern that you guys have of reaching a critical mass where you might need to reorganize the business in some ways. Is there any potential for a significant investment to improve technology or infrastructure? Or how do we have to think about concerns about spend going forward?
Powell Brown: Josh, one of the things that I think we said the last time is with Andy being the new CFO, some people get nervous that Andy is going to want to spend $50 million or $100 million on a technology investment, which we talked about when we were seeing if there was a cultural fit of Andy joining the team, which there is a cultural fit. And so Andy is not keen on going and spending that kind of money on a technology. However, technology is something that we continue to look at in how we as an organization use it more effectively to the benefit of not only our team mates, but specifically our clients. So what I think you should read into that is the following. Internal investments prior to this call have been just not talked about that much and assumed and basic. And we, Andy and I, are now going to talk a little bit more about them, because it's an integral part of our strategy to grow the business. And that growth is both internal and external. And so we will make investments at times where we believe that there're a great good opportunities to grow organically and expand businesses that are already having success. So I don't want you to go read too much into that. And it's something that after we've thought a little bit more about it and what we're doing, we're going to talk a little bit about that too, not in extreme amount, but we're going to talk about that too, because it's an important part of how we maintain our culture and grow our business organically.
Andy Watts: Josh, I would probably add to that on the technology front is we will make some investments there over time. If you look historically, we spent somewhere around $20 million to $25 million on capital. We have a conservative approach to many things that we do that would also be as to how we make our investments in technology when we do these. It's going to be in a very prudent fashion across the organization. There'll probably be some uptick in that number over the coming years. But don't think that it means we're going to go spend $50 million or $100 million all in one shot. That's just not our approach, nor is that my personal approach on things on what to do it that way.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes of the SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Any reason to think those investments will accelerate in the third quarter?
Powell Brown: Don't know. We've made some investments already in Beecher Carlson. And so we know about those that were made in Q2. But we continually evaluate internal investment opportunities throughout the quarter.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: But at this point, you have no specific plans to accelerate those investments?
Powell Brown: Nothing that we're aware of at the present time other than normal investments.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: I think in the third quarter call last year, you talked about a hole at Beecher Carlson of about $3.9 million related to the distraction from getting the deal done. Can we assume that hole will be filled in this quarter, which would presumably have a nice impact on the Retail organic growth?
Powell Brown: The answer to the question is Q3 of last year was a tough quarter for the Beecher team. Some of that revenue may have been one-time in nature. So the number might be slightly different than what you're referring to. But we anticipate Beecher having what we think would be a fine quarter. You can see what the organic growth was for the year, and I wouldn't want you to get ahead of yourself. So that's what I would say relative to that comment.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: And then finally on the group benefits business, you talked about I think rates perhaps being up by over 10%. How much of that is translating into your revenue? What's the group benefits' organic growth overall roughly?
Powell Brown: We don't break that out, Mark. I appreciate the question. I would tell you that as you know, last year, we did about $225 million of total revenue in employee benefits. We then completed a transaction in Q2 of Pacific Resources, Paul Barden and Paul Rogers' team. And we're really pleased with them joining. So we have now over $250 million of employee benefits revenue in aggregate. The large account revenue of that is about $70 million plus or minus a little bit in terms of the health, I should say. And it depends on the account. Many of those accounts in that segment are on commission. So there would be some flow-through. But there are some that are on fees or flat amounts defined by the client. So it just depends.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: My first question is on your debt level. Now currently your debt-to-EBITDA ratio probably to the higher end of your range. Just wondering, does that limit your ability to raise additional debt in case a larger acquisition comes your way?
Andy Watts: As you probably see, right now we're running at about 2.3 times debt-to-EBITDA. We don't believe that with our current financial position that we would have any issues with raising additional capital. We still have plenty of room on the revolver if the right strategic deal came along, and I say if it came along. So we don't have any concerns on that front. We want to operate within that 1.5 to 2.5 range. That's where we're comfortable. But again, we do have the ability to jump above that if the right deal came along, but we're not expecting anything on that front.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: So going forward, would you let these debt levels sort of maintain or you would pay it down?
Powell Brown: Over time, we would look to pay it down. We don't fluctuate back and forth if we have a smaller deal that we need to buy during the quarter. It may go up a little bit and then go back down. And that's really the benefit of having a revolver, so we can spring up and down with this.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: And then on the integration, the acquisitions, historically like the Brown culture has been let the acquired company run relatively autonomously to preserve entrepreneurial culture. So now as you're yourself getting bigger and the acquisition you're doing is getting bigger, is there any change of philosophy that you're probably more involved in terms of integration of the company you're acquiring?
Powell Brown: What I would say is no, and remember the initial basis of that is cultural fit upfront. And so it's not a one-time discussion about culture and how we do things and they do things. It's an ongoing discussion with the new team mates that join our team. And so if you look at Wright as an example, we have a number of new team mates that are coming to our leadership council meeting that's being held over the next couple of days in Orlando. And they continue to heard about how we do things and we hear about things that may be doing that we can implement some of their best practices in some of their segments if it would help improve our business. So it's a two-way street. Remember it's very important when we have an acquisition that there is a person in the organization who is responsible for kind of ushering them into the system. And so you could use the term sponsor. You could use whatever term you want to use. But that person helps share additional parts of our culture and talking with people internally and encouraging them to come to the right events where they would be exposed to other people, like-mind, to share ideas and learn additional things. So at the present time, no, we don't believe so. But as we continue to get larger, we're going to continue to evolve. But we want to maintain the culture that we have, which as you referred to is a decentralized entrepreneurial culture, which puts a premium on performance.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Farrell, Sterne, Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee: Andy, I apologize if I may have missed this in your comments. But did you mention why non-cash stock expense declined from 7.5 level that it had been running at, and can you give us a sense of what a reasonable run rate would be?
Andy Watts: During the quarter, one of the things that we were looking at is we went back over the last five years on all of the tranches that we'd given up for all the SIPs. We've refined our estimate on forfeitures underneath of there. And again, it just takes a lot of data to get through and so that's allowed us to hone in on that a little bit tighter than where we were in the past. On a go-forward run rate, we would anticipate somewhere in the range of $6 million to $7 million on a quarterly basis. But it's really dependent upon the number of participants that we have in the plan.
Dan Farrell - Sterne, Agee: And then just a couple balance sheet questions. Unrestricted cash, the $309 million, how much would you say of that would actually be through usable cash? And then just another question on your sort of debt leverage comments. When you're looking at your debt to EBITDA range that you feel comfortable with, do you look at sort of gross or net of unrestricted cash, because it would seem net of the unrestricted cash, you're actually pretty close to the lower end.
Andy Watts: So as I mentioned, we're a little over $300 million of total cash, and it would be just a bit under $200 million, in that range, would be, let's call it, unrestricted which is really Brown & Brown cash. As you probably know, cash falls in two categories for us, which is traditional GAAP and then we've got what sits in the premium trust accounts. So the latter is not part of the numbers I was talking about in there. The 2.3 is on a gross basis. If you bring it all the way down to a net basis, yeah, we would be materially lower on there. So again, we generally kind of take a bit of a conservative approach on how we look at things.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Byrnes, Janney Capital.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: The Beecher organic growth has outpaced the core Retail Brown book. I'm just trying to figure out why they've been able to achieve 5.5% organic versus, let's say, 2% for the BRO book. And I guess is that Beecher organic sustainable going forward?
Powell Browns: The first thing is Beecher Carlson's business has been primarily built through internal investments and either existing offices or opening an office with a shared service platform, number one. And so they are leveraging capabilities in that area across the country, which they've done a very good job and we anticipate them to continue to do a very good job. That's number one. Number two, we do think that they have the ability to grow nicely in the future. We have not done any additional acquisitions there yet. That doesn't mean we wouldn't. But as opposed to the acquisitions, we've done internal investments, as Andy alluded to, going forward more recently. I think that those organic growth numbers are reasonable plus or minus slightly going forward on their large accounts under business, yes.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: And it sounds like you guys are kind of applying the Beecher model down to the rest of your book a little bit by spending money internally to spur organic growth. Is that the correct way to think about it?
Powell Browns: I don't want you to think that we didn't do that before. This is not an epiphany as a result of Steve Denton and his team joining, although they've done some great stuff and helped us think around some things differently. I would say this. We have always invested in our business. And you may have heard us talk about an allocation of our revenues each year towards a people fund. And so we have continued to do that even through the economic downturn. But we continue to look at that even more closely and there'll be times where we will exceed the allocated amount. And that's what we're really referring to. So once again, I think that there'll be more color in the future on that as we figure out exactly how we want to present the information to you and all the others. But just suffice it to say that we are looking to allocate our capital, as Andy said, one of three buckets, external acquisitions, internal investments and/or to our shareholders through one of the two mechanisms, either share repurchase or dividends or both. And so the internal investment is something that we think that we can continue to generate and help grow our business organically, which we're interested in doing.
Andy Watts: The Beecher large business is about $75 million on annualized basis. So when we compare the growth on the total business, just keep in mind you're comparing that with a business that's $700 million. So it's a little bit like apples and oranges from a growth perspective. We'd love to see the other $700 million growing 5%, but that needs a lot of tailwind from the market.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: And then just my last one is the organic growth, obviously in the Wholesale unit has been very strong. I was just a little surprised by its continued strength obviously with a good percentage of the book coming from property cat stuff. Are you guys fully seeing that headwind of rates down 15% to 20% in your organic numbers? I just wanted to see why that's not more of a headwind for you guys.
Powell Browns: Well, I think, Ryan, what it does is it speaks to the talent inside of our Wholesale business and businesses. Tony Strianese and Kathy Colangelo and Neal Abernathy and the rest of the team have done a great job. And so we may see a bigger impact in Q3. But we're in hurricane season, and I think that as I alluded to if there is not a big wind event somewhere in the coastal area this year, there's going to be continued pressure on that. Now do we know if it's going to be more than that, I don't know. It would be purely speculative, but it sure isn't going to go up if there is not an event. So we watch it closely, but we think that there's an opportunity for it to continue to grow organically. But we are mindful of exactly what you're saying.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: And so if I think about that book, I would think that the prop cat organic is probably very low mid-single digits and then the rest of the group book is growing double-digits. Is that hitting on all cylinders? Is that the way to think about it?
Powell Browns: I think it depends on the office, and there're still scenarios where you could have offices that focus on large cat business. Even though the rates are going down, they're writing a lot of new buy office in a mixed basis. But it really depends on their ability to retain their existing business and write a lot of new business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Campbell with Stephens Incorporated.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: Just digging in a little bit more on the National Programs side, can you guys just give us a brief update on Proctor and just maybe how the claims have trended lately and just any update on the Proctor contingent commissions?
Powell Browns: As you know, that space has continued to be sort of bumping all around. We're very pleased with our capabilities and what we're doing from a new business standpoint there. I would tell you that the interesting thing about that space, as you know, is you have some clients which are not their financial owners of large mortgage portfolios that may trim the portfolio or sell part of it. We are not giving any guidance, to your second point, on the contingencies. But I would tell you that we've invested in that business from a technology standpoint and continue to look and brought some additional good people on to the team, which has even further enhanced our capabilities to handle upper middle market and larger accounts of which we're competing and can be successful against kind of the two big 800-pound gorillas in that space. So Proctor is doing well and we think it can continue to do even better in the future.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: And so I guess you guys are not going to provide guidance on the contingent commission side, but can you tell us maybe how that just trended year-over-year just looking at 2Q '13?
Andy Watts: We don't have it right here, John. We'd have to get it for you.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: You guys have talked at length about some of the internal investments. And it does sound like we'll get additional color on that in the future. But just curious over, just call it, the last half year, could you guys just give us an idea of headcount trends, kind of where you're adding additional heads by segment, and then if it's net new heads, if it's to fill in holes from attrition, or if it's because you guys see good market opportunities? Just looking for any additional color there.
Powell Browns: The answer is yes. I mean I'm not trying to be funny, John. Like I said, we are doing, I would say, all of the above. There are investments in people that are occurring in every single one of our divisions, number one. There are opportunistic investments occurring in every single one of our divisions over and beyond the normal hiring that we're doing. That could be attributable to retirement. It could be a result of a departure. It could be as a result of adding to a very, very successful team and trying to supercharge an area to grow. Or it can be in an area where we actually are expanding our capabilities. And so as an example, Andy may reference, inside of Beecher, we've made several recent investments, one of which is in a capability that we didn't prior otherwise had in Brown & Brown in an M&A experience standpoint. And so we're very pleased that we have four new people that have joined the team in New York City relative to that. And so like I said, I don't want you to read too much into it, John. Here is the deal. As you know, we have tried and will continue to try to invest in our business in the most beneficial manner. We have not historically talked about internal investment, because we thought it was sort of understood. And as we make some of these larger investments, we will probably need to give some color around that. But it's all under the guys and the understanding that we're trying to grow our business more organically.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Andy, did you give guidance for the contingent commissions for the third quarter?
Andy Watts: I did not. Very good listening, Mark. So no, I didn't. We forget that question might come up. Rather than giving a specific for the third quarter, let us just give you an idea of the full year outlook is last year we were right about $51 million. Based upon what we're seeing right now, we would probably be in that range or slightly below is kind of an estimate. So therefore you can figure out what Q3 and Q4 would look like.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Would the distribution be similar, you think, in Q3 and Q4?
Andy Watts: We're not expecting anything really unusual by those quarters. Obviously there could be some movement back and forth. So we're looking at on a full year basis.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue at this time.
Powell Brown: Thank you very much. And you all have a nice day. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Good day.
Andy Watts: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President and CEO Andy Watts - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Adam Klauber - William Blair Mark Hughes - SunTrust Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown 2014 First Quarter Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including information contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call and including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the companys anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2014 and are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors. Such factors include the companys determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2014 that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects as well as additional information regarding forward-looking statements is contained in the slide presentation posted in connection with this call, and in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Joseph. Good morning, everybody. And thanks for joining us this morning on our earnings call. And before I get started, I wanted to formally introduce our new CFO, Andy Watts. Andy joined us, as you know in early March when Cory retired, and although he has only been on board for a short period of time, he is quickly getting up the speed regarding Brown & Brown, our businesses and the financials. So you might go easy on him a little today, but we will have hopefully all of your answers. Andy and I have talked quite a bit about how we present our financial performance. And as you will see this quarter and going forward, we will be using an earnings deck in order to layout our performance and make it easier for everyone to understand our numbers. Lets get into that performance for the first quarter. Once we walk through how each of the divisions performed and you see how we adjusted for comparability of certain items, I hope you will find our results are really solid for that quarter. I am very pleased and we are pleased with our top line and bottom line performance in Q1. Looking at slide 4, we delivered $363.6 million of revenue for the quarter and growth of 8.5%. When we back out the impact of Colonial Claims and Beecher large accounts, our revenues grew by 10.1% and organically grew by 3.9%. We think this is a really solid performance for the quarter as the markets are still a bit choppy and rates are under pressure. In spite of this, we are growing across each one of our four divisions. From an earnings per share standpoint on an as reported basis, we decreased 12% versus prior year/ However, when you remove the impact of net income associated with the hurricane Sandy that we realized in our Colonial Claims business and removed the adjustment for earn-outs related to acquisitions then last years EPS would be $0.36. As we noted previously, there is a cyclical nature to the Beecher Carlson large accounts business therefore we believe it is appropriate to adjust for this impact plus the acquisition earn-out adjustment in order to arrive at a pro forma EPS of $0.40 which is an improvement of 11.1%. When compared to the 10.1% growth in adjusted revenues noted earlier, we think we had a solid financial performance in the first quarter. So let me hit the Beecher Carlson matter right out of the box. First, I want to say how pleased we are with the performance of the business in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. Steve Denton, Dan Donovan and all of our team mates at Beecher Carlson, we believe are doing a great job and we are seeing good growth. I mentioned previously that our revenues are lower in Q1 and Q3 and higher in Q2 and Q4. I also stated that Q1 was budgeted to be $12 million in revenue and Q2 was projected to be $21 million. With a cost base thats relatively stable, this means our margin profile for this business is lumpy. So while it was a drag of $0.02 this quarter, there will probably be some upward mobility in the second quarter, which we would breakout as well. We will breakout Beecher Carlson, the entire results for one more quarter for the first full year and report those to you after Q2. From a cash flow perspective, our margins remained solid, we delivered strong cash conversion both on which our industry leading versus our public competitors. Were very proud of these metrics as they speak to the power of our business model. Lastly I mentioned that were targeting 4% organic growth this year excluding the impact of Hurricane Sandy revenues within our Colonial Claims business. We are reconfirming this target. If you now go to slide 5, now Id like to talk about the overall performance of each of our divisions and specifically the market performance driving each. Let me start by saying how pleased we are to deliver as reported an organic revenue growth within each of our divisions. We believe our diversification helps us balance market risks and also capitalize on market opportunities. I want to give you a flavor of what were seeing regarding rates and exposures across the United States and our businesses. In our retail businesses rates are typically flat to up for 5% in all lines. Were [compassing] moderate upward pressure in certain states like California and the Midwest. Those rates could be up more than 5% in some of those areas. Middle market exposure units are flat to up slightly. Employee benefits rates depending on the size, the plan design and loss experience can be up anywhere between 5% and 15%. Cat property is under pressure and were seeing rate reductions in most areas. From a wholesale standpoint, liability and professional rates are flat to up 10%. Large cat property is softening due to extra surplus. Rates are typically down 5% to 10%, large accounts over $250 million in premium may be down more. Non-cap property is typically flat to up slightly and binding authority business thats property and liabilities flat up several points. Services had a good quarter specifically USIS as Ron [Werbel] and his team and NuQuest, the Medicare set-aside business, Tracy Lazipina and her team. Programs, the aftermarket business is growing nicely, ICG had a really good year. And so now Id like to turn it over to Andy who will walk through more detail regarding the financials performance.
Andy Watts: Great, thank you Powell and good morning to everyone. Before I get started, I want to reemphasize the importance we see in utilizing the debt to present our financial performance. Since we're close to the business every day, we know it well. It does have a lot of moving parts as any large organization does. However, our goal is to present the numbers in a clear and understandable fashion so each of you can model our business in your investment thesis. We hope you will find that this is the case. Let me get started with our financial highlights and talk about some of the key metrics. Im on page 6 right now. Our total revenues grew by 8.5%, but when you remove the $16.2 million of additional revenue related to Hurricane Sandy within our Colonial Claims business, we grew the top-line by 14%. We believe the infrequent nature of a storm, of the size and impact of Hurricane Sandy [warrants] adjustment and we're the best present comparable numbers. As you can see removing Hurricane Sandy impact, our organic revenues increased by 540 basis points and grew 3.9% year-over-year. From an EBITDAC perspective, these revenues were very profitable and increased our EBITDAC from a decline of $5.8 million to an increase of $7.6 million. Our underlying EBITDAC margins were relatively flat at 35%. From an EPS perspective, these revenues had a $0.04 impact and improved our EPS from a $0.05 decline to only a $0.01 decline. As Powell noted, once you adjust for the Beecher large account acquisition and the adjustment for our acquisition earnouts, our EPS actually increases $0.04 or to 11.1% year-over-year. Moving over to page 7, let me highlight the key components of our revenue performance for the quarter. Our core commissions and fees increased by $28.2 million year-over-year or 8.5%. $25.7 million of this growth came from the net acquisitions and dispositions that we did. The largest component was the Beecher Carlson acquisition in July of last year. We also realized $7.4 million of increase related to contingents and guaranteed supplemental commissions noted as GSCs. $5 million of this was related to our FIU business. Last year, this was realized in Q2. So I wanted to note that during the past four years, we've realized these in three different quarters, but there is some definite variability of when we know the exact amount. The other $2.4 million was recognized across the Board and was driven by lower loss claims. This was not [near the] office, as some offices realized a positive contingent recovery and others realized a loss. As you know, it really depends upon the loss experienced of the policies being written in that single location. So in summary, when we removed the $16.2 of Colonial Claims, we delivered 3.9% organic growth for the quarter from an expense standpoint. We believe its important to present the underlying performance, similar to the organic revenue analysis; we adjusted for a few items in order to arrive at comparative numbers. Our total expenses increased by 17.5%, but then when the impact of net acquisitions and dispositions are removed, our expenses only increased by 6.5%. Then removing the effect of the adjustment for acquisition earn-outs, our underlying expenses increased by 4.5%, which is on a comparative basis with our organic revenues. The main driver of the increase is compensation as this is our primary cost base. However, it was partially offset by savings and other expense categories. Let me talk in a little more detail about this. Compensation increased with our annual merit and the flow through of stock compensation that was granted last year. During the quarter, we also recognized about $1 million of cost associated with Corys retirement and dual running cost with myself during the quarter. Taking all of these into account, our underlying compensation cost only increased slightly at about 3.5%. This really demonstrates that we continue to be focused on growing the business profitably and running efficiently. Moving over to slide 8, let me now talk about each of our divisions. Starting with the retail division, which represents about 55% of our total business, we had a really good quarter and rebounded well off the fourth quarter We posted 16% growth, primarily driven by the addition of Beecher Carlson and our underlying organic growth was 2.5%. When we exclude the seasonality of the Beecher Carlson large accounts business, our margin improved by 150 basis points or 4.2%. So, we are getting some margin expansion as the revenues grow. Moving over to slide number 9, our National Programs division, we had another good quarter with total revenues growing 7.7% or 1.6% organically. We are continuing to see improvements in the marketplace, and more carriers are interested in our niche programs as an alternative approach to addressing market needs. Last year we discussed the aftermarket program related to Zurich and Everest auto program. Those programs continue to grow very nicely and we also realized good margin expansion within the programs division with growth of 4.9%. Moving over to slide number 10, our wholesale division had another great quarter, reporting revenue growth of just shy of 13% and organic growth of almost 12%. This is very impressive performance as this division is being faced with downward pressure on rates on cap property placements in the range of 5% to 10%. This is being offset partially by some recovery within construction. The performance for the quarter really comes down to the team that Tony Strianese has assembled and their focus on growing the business. With the revenue growth we also delivered strong flow through and increased margins by 6.3% up to 33.6%. Moving over to page 11, our Services division. When you normalize for the Colonial Claims impact, specifically around hurricane Sandy, the division delivered solid organic growth of 4.9%. This was primarily delivered through our USIS and NuQuest businesses. Please remember, this division does have some lumpiness in revenues and margins like last year with Colonial Claims driving the margins up materially. However, we believe this division will continue to deliver solid margins and cash flow for the organization. Moving over to page 12, let me shift gears now so that we discuss our financial performance and talk about our new credit facility. The objective of this new facility is to put more maturity into our capital structure and give us the financial flexibility to support our growth. While with our strong track record of delivering solid financial performance, we had significant interest by many banks. We ended up closing the facility at $1,350 million, which was an upsizing of $100 million from our original target. So, we are very pleased with the outcome and to have such a strong backing of 17 participating banks. The structure of the facility gives us good flexibility with a Term A loan of $550 million and a revolver of $800 million. This revolver can fluctuate as we need funds for acquisitions or can be paid down as we generate cash from operations. We previously said were comfortable with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.5 to 2.5. With this facility, were right in that range. Culturally on a long-term basis, we would like to be on the lower end of the range. We believe that we have secured favorable covenants and interest rates within this facility, which will lower our average cost of debt from about 3.5% to about 2%. We closed the facility last Thursday well not draw upon it until the right acquisition closes in the second quarter. With that said, let me turn back over to Powell, who will give us an update on Wright and provide closing comments.
Powell Brown: Great thanks Andy great report. If you go to page 13, I wanted to talk a little bit about the anticipate closing of Wright in the second quarter and wanted to just take a moment to remind everybody as we talked about earlier in the year, this is comprised of three businesses, the largest business being the flood business that the NFIP and that is where we had, this is a Wright Your Own Flood Company. Thats roughly $71.5 million of revenues in 2013 youve read a lot about flood and Biggert-Waters specifically and rates either going up down or sideways more specifically up and then coming down. Id like to just take couple of moments and make a couple of comments about that arena. As a whole if you look at the flood business in America; 70% of those flood policies have a mortgage on them, 20% of all total policies written are subsidized somewhat and 2% of all of the policies outstanding are what I call super subsidized. Having said that Biggert-Waters, as you know was in an account to move the rates to actuarially sound levels over a several year period. What they have done is limited the ability to move those increases up and in the budgets for our estimations, nothing was incorporated into the plan going forward about the repeal of Biggert-Waters or Biggert-Waters when it was passed. So, we believe the projections for the first year acquisition are still reasonable. I'd also say that we have two other divisions, one being a public entity and program services arena as we talked about it, primarily works with insurance reciprocal administration and then the specialty division which develops national programs very similar to our National Programs inside of Brown & Brown distributes them across a network of agents across the country. Aqualine is currently awaiting approval from the New York State Insurance Department relative to the closure of this transaction. Having said that, I'd like to call on Andy to just review the revenues and earnings flow projected for the first year for Wright.
Andy Watts: Great, thanks Powell. Yes, we want to take just a couple of minutes and talk about this. So, that hopefully you guys can better understand how the business will flow and again you can model it in. This business also has some seasonality to it, based upon the renewals of a lot of the policies. And we want to make sure you guys get that right in your models or at least closure. We had said that the revenues on the 12 months post acquisition would be a $121 million. If we were to close this acquisition May 1st the revenues for 2014 would be in the range of a $105 million to $110 million, if we close the acquisition on June 1st they would be in the range of $95 million to $100 million. The lowest quarter of the year is the first quarter and the highest is the third quarter. And to give you an idea of that, the second quarter would be probably around about $28 million and then will springboard up during the third quarter to a range of about $34 million to $35 million and then come back down. So again, you guys can get an idea kind of how this works and thats just how policies are renewed. The EBITDA margins do move underneath of this business. Let me give you the full year on this one and we are not going to break this down by quarter right now, because we do not have complete access to all of these numbers at this stage, but at least give you an idea and you can work from there or refine them. If we were to close on June 1st and again I am referencing the $58.8 million on a 12 month basis, if we close on May 1st the EBITDA would be in the range of $42 million to $45 million, if we close on June 1st it would be $38 million to $40 million. And again the margins do move around on this business so please dont straight line them all the way through. And so it will flow somewhat similar to the revenues but not exactly on there. So hopefully that helps give everybody some direction as we -- once we close the acquisition, we are able to get further in the detail, we can provide more refinement. Powell, that could be it.
Powell Brown: Thanks, Andy. To summarize the quarter, we believe we are well positioned to grow organically but continue to face the market thats under pressure or moderating rates. That means it really come down at selling new business and continuing to retaining all of our existing clients. I am very pleased with our new credit facility and the capacity offers. As you notice Andy started on the first part of March and we got him right into it. So we has been busy with a lot of other team mates here at Brown & Brown. This facility its going to help us capitalize upon good acquisition candidates when they present themselves. I know you will ask me about our acquisition pipeline, so let me address that too as I like to say the acquisition pipeline is good and we dont believe that its done until its done. So until we announce transactions and close on them, dont believe that but we have lots of activity. And I also want to reaffirm our outlook for organic growth excluding the impact of Colonial Claims for the year to be 4%. So Joseph I would like to now turn it back over to you to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Certainly, thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we have our first question from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  Hi, good morning.
Powell Brown:  Good morning.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  First on the organic growth, what gives you confidence that you can still achieve the 4% target given you were slightly below that this quarter?
Powell Brown:  Well, like I said it isnt done until its done Sarah, but we feel good about the business and the team mates that we have in place the new business that we are working on and the relationships that we have with our existing clients. And so we did give that at some usual as you know last quarter as a guidance for the year but we do believe that that is still our growth target for the year.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay. And what caused the slowdown this quarter on the core organic versus the prior and what gives you confidence that that trend wont continue?
Powell Brown: I am sorry. Can you repeat that again? When you said the core organic are you talking about 3.9%?
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Yes. Its [low] to 3.9 versus 4.5 last quarter on a core basis, so what drove that?
Andy Watts: Actually if you think about it the slowdown really is in programs because programs had a higher growth rate and I dont have it right here in front of me but it was double-digits in Q4. And so as you know weve gotten and weve had some programs come on and doing well, some of those have a little bit lower margin than we ultimately would like and those are improving as well. But we had a great quarter in wholesale and we had a good quarter in services ex-Colonial and we had a good quarter in retail. So, like I said as you have heard me say before organic growth is lumpy I think and its -- we're trying to operate in a range and that range we believe is continuing to trend in a positive direction. And as evidenced by what we did this quarter, I know that there were number of people on this call last quarter that had some concern about our retail internal growth and so we grew 2.5% that excludes any acquisitions. If you put in any acquisitions it would be higher.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay, great. And if I can just ask one more the organic expense growth of 4.5% in the quarter, is that the [way] run rate to be thinking about? And if so, can you still expand the margins given thats mostly inline with your targeted organic revenue growth?
Andy Watts: Yes. Sarah, its Andy here. The 4.5%; again that has the incremental million in here for the compensation, so its probably, its actually closer to 4% thats probably a pretty good run rate on the expenses, but obviously all weve continuing to look for areas where we can standardize more and pull more margin out of the business.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay. So, can you expand the margin then given thats mostly inline with organic revenue growth?
Powell Brown: Sarah, as youve heard me say, as we as an organization continue to evolve we're trying to grow the business organically and profitability. And as you saw this quarter and Andy broke it out, we have some seasonality in the expenses incurred in one of our retail areas. And so we're going to do everything that we can to expand our margins, but do it by growing our business. We want to grow our business organically and profitability. So, we are endeavoring to do so. But like I said, in the past it was said that overnight or whats going to happen, we're going to drive the margins up to historic levels. I have been more cautious in saying that as we continue to acquire businesses strategically and add them to Brown & Brown that we're going to maintain and try to expand slowly the margins going forward.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay, great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I guess one question was maybe Andy looking at the retail segment, looks like adjusting for Beecher Carlson margins improved 150 basis points; you had 2.5% organic growth there. Just can you help us understand what is, is there a growth bogey in order for you to see margin expansion there or were there other tailwinds that allowed you to achieve that much margin improvement just given the very low organic growth? Thanks.
Andy Watts: Yes. Michael, probably let me clarify a couple of things inside up here.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Sure.
Andy Watts: If you look at the margins down below, we talked about excluding the Beecher Carlson large accounts. If we were to pull out all of the acquisitions, the margins actually increase up to 37.9% for that. So that would take us probably just a little over a 5% actual growth on it. And thats just continued focus on growing the business in a profitable fashion [through] all of it. No guarantee that its going to have that exact same margin expansion every quarter all the way through, but there is some expectation that will slowly move up overtime.
Powell Brown: Yes. And Michael if I could elaborate a little on that, as you've heard us say before, I believe that when we grow the business organically there are opportunities to expand our margin. However, there are also equal opportunities for us to invest in our business to grow the business organically. So, we're not trying to operate in a steady state. So there might be expenses that would be incurred in an individual office, the higher more people, producers and otherwise that would enable us to grow the business further in the future. So it's always a balancing act, as you know. But we have said historically we standby that is when you have organic growth, you can have margin expansion, it just depends on what kind of investments we made in that quarter or that part of the year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So that would implied maybe this quarter you have fewer investments, so you were able to achieve
Powell Brown: No, no. Dont read into that, thats just me making a broad statement, thats not a correlation between this quarter or otherwise. I am just basically saying that that could be one of the reasons.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got you, okay. And then would it be possible to breakout a bit more just things Beecher you have created some because of the seasonality, we had some distortion to 1Q, it seems like we are going to see that flip the other way potentially in the second quarter. Could we maybe just get a better look at what that should be just because -- so we got 1Q, we are going to get 2Q, 4Q we had last year, but we didnt get the breakout. Would it be possible to either maybe find out what that impact would have been 4Q last year or just get some idea notion of what the rest of the calendar year should like top and bottom from Beecher? Thanks.
Powell Brown: Well remember Michael; number one, I want you to know that Beecher is, as you remember, three components. There is the programs component, which was on point. There is the middle market retail component, which is predominantly in the states of Oregon and Arizona and operation in Mississippi. And then there is a large accounts area. So thats kind of the three parts of the business. We did specifically try to breakout for everybody, the seasonality of the revenues and large accounts because there is not such seasonality in the rest of the business. And so what weve tried to say is that on a somewhat steady state expense level throughout the year when you have $12 million of revenues in Q1 and you have $21 million in Q2, you do have an earnings variation or lumpiness to it. Having said that, as I said earlier, we are going to go through and make sure that everybody understands what weve bought and what weve said we were going to do and how that all worked out after Q2 and then thats going to be part of the business. So it will be just part of retail just like everything else. But to the extent that we need to give further definition around something thats lumpy, we are going to need to give a little -- wed like to give a little thought to that and maybe get back to you.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo:  Hi, good morning. I was hoping to spend a little bit more time on the retail organic growth just I know it did pick-up in the quarter and just a little bit more on your expectations in light of the other quarters this year in terms of if we should expect to see improvement from the 2.5% growth level that we saw this quarter?
Powell Brown:  Hey Elyse good morning. And what I would say is, as you know, we dont typically give internal growth guidance. Although we did give an overall guidance from a budget standpoint of the 4% that 4% was not broken out by division. And Ive said before and Ill, I know Ill say it again in the future is that we believe that each of our businesses operate in a band and that band can typically be trending up or trending down. And we have been in an upward trend baring the performance last quarter. And as weve said, we thought that that was a one-off situation, which as I said, we did improve or rebound from that nicely. So we have said historically that we think that retail, the business in retail is a low to mid single-digit organic growth business. So thats the guidance if there is such a thing that we would give you, but we dont give specific guidance by quarter. And some of that as you know is driven by the economy in the middle market and our ability to right lock the new business, which were very capable of doing and I am very pleased with what were doing and specifically retaining the existing clients that we have, which is so important.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you. And then just a couple of numbers questions; I know you in terms of the contingents and supplementals pointed out that there was a shift in FIU program from the second quarter to the first quarter. Any more numbers you want to provide in terms of the outlook for contingents or supplementals for the balance of 2014?
Andy Watts: Yes. I mean, Elyse to think on this one here, we dont budget for contingents and GSCs because they cant be quite lumpy in nature and they can move up and down quite a bit. So we dont really have a view to the back-end of the year at this stage.
Powell Brown: Last year Andy do you have right there what we did in Q2?
Andy Watts: Yes, hold on one second. Last year; one second guys. We did, in the second quarter, just looks like, just contingent, hold on, just let me show you a total quoted number. Elyse, why dont you do this, if you got any other question, do that. Just I want to make sure we got a good number here, before we respond, if not, well follow-up after the call. Okay?
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thats fine. And then also on the acquisition earn-out expense in the quarter, what transactions did that stem from?
Andy Watts:  Perfect. Yes, so we had 3 different ones that we did on, the 3 big ones that came through on earn-outs, as we had Texas Security and that was the largest of it. That business is performing really, really well for us by now, so were very pleased with that. We also had Rowlands & Barranca again also performing well for us and then our Edgren Hecker & Lemmon acquisition. Those were kind of the 3 big ones that came through, all of them were seeing really solid performance and indications that the go forward performance will be good. As you probably remember, underneath of FAS 141(R), this is based upon a forward projection of revenues. And therefore, we have to book the expense now. So, we will see those revenues coming forward in the future, but we have to take the charge now. So while we never enjoy taking the charge in the P&L, we think its actually very positive thing that the underlying assets are performing well for us.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo:  Okay. Thanks so much. And then just one last quick question in terms of your private healthcare exchange offering. I know you guys are partnered with Liazon; and just in light of the Towers Watson transaction there, has your view on that arrangement or anything that you are doing under private healthcare exchange front changed at all in the past few months?
Powell Brown:  Yes. No, Elyse. Thank you for the question. I would tell you that we continue to put clients on to our exchange, we have roughly 20 clients on the exchange and maybe 2,100 roughly people on to that exchange. The transaction in our business as you know, there is lots of firms that could be in the space, which could be deemed the competitor on one segment and a trading partner in another segment. We obviously watch those very carefully and they have assured us that the information that is in the exchange will be kept private as you would expect for a whole bunch of reasons. But at the present time, were comfortable with that relationship. We also as weve said, think that the exchange is an option, it is not the option. And so as we go forward and we look at the exchanges as an option for all of our clients, some of them could be small, some of them could be large. Were going to continue to look at ways to invest in that type of -- those type of capabilities to continue to prepare us and better prepare us going forward. But we think that were going in the right direction. Im very pleased with it.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks Powell and Thanks Andy. And thanks for taking questions.
Powell Brown: Absolutely, Elyse.
Andy Watts: Hey Elyse, can I close off on your question here? So, second quarter of last year, we did just under $8 million in contingents and that included the FIU. So, if you pull that out, a range for last year would have been about $3 million, $3.5 million excluding FIU. Okay?
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: Okay.
Andy Watts: That was last year.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Watts: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Adam Klauber - William Blair:  The program business, I mean thats always a volatile business, but clearly the quarter was lower than the range thats been in the last couple of quarters. Were there couple 1 or 2 areas that just been used well during the quarter?
Powell Brown: No. Well, let me back up for just a second. We had a couple of businesses, Adam; its just like anything else. We had a couple of businesses that didnt hit their budget for the quarter, and we had some that exceeded their budget substantially. So remember what you have seen and the organic growth and programs over the past couple, lets say 18 months as youve had the impact, a very positive impact of one, the automobile after market program coming and to two, the Everest program coming in.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Sure, okay. So, as we think about going into summer, lets think of June, July renewals being pretty big for property, particularly southeast wind, is that pretty significant for both the program and also the wholesale business for you?
Powell Brown: The answer is, thats a fair assumption, I think that if you are going to put it by industry type, I think you would say, think about it, quarters or big dates. So July is a big date. Number two, a lot of public entity business renews in July, either July or December actually. But as it relates to cat property, if you are asking on a seasonality of business and programs and wholesale, I am not going to tell you that there is some huge like bell curve lump in the bottom of the summer because a lot of people want to move their ex-dates out of wind season. So, if you think about it, when is the awareness the highest in the underwriting community, it starts in about May 1st and it goes until November. So, you could make the argument that you would want to move your effective date if possible outside of wind season, so they would look at it slightly differently. But there is a lot of business that renews in the summer anyway. So, there is not a huge lump like if you are looking for a lump in there, thats not the case.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Right, okay. Thats helpful. And then how is Arrowhead doing?
Powell Brown:  Arrowhead is doing great, we are really happy. We are really pleased with the team Chris Walker, Steve Boyd and Steve Bouker and all the rest of the team out there. So we have got some good stuff going. So we have been very pleased with the investment, its grown nicely, and we expect there to continue to be other opportunities in that operation. So we are very pleased with it.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay. And then finally on retail, obviously its coming up again, even a range came up this quarter from what its been over the last couple of quarters. Is it -- are we starting to see more of a bump from exposures on audit premiums than we saw say a couple of quarters ago?
Powell Brown:  The answer Adam is depending on the part of the country, you might see that, yes. So I have always -- I was reading in the Wall Street Journal last week, there was an article about the development in Miami. So anybody thats been to Miami recently, sees a lot of towers being constructed. I didnt realize, there is 50 new towers going up, thats just mind boggling. And so now, there is a boom in bust cycle that has always occurred in Miami as we all know as well. You take that and you compare that with Naples and Naples is still very slow, weve talked about that before. And so depending on where you are in the country, we are seeing flat to slight upticks in audit premiums, particularly on contractors. And so whether you did it in Phoenix or you did it in Northern California or you did it in upstate New York, you are seeing a little of that. But it depends on the region specifically.
Adam Klauber - William Blair: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Powell Brown: Thanks Adam.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning Mark.
Andy Watts: Good morning. 
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Could you give us an idea how Beecher Carlson did year-over-year at the top-line in the first quarter and then what is your expectation for full year top-line at that unit, maybe year-over-year?
Powell Brown: Let me let Andy; were going to pull it up and get the exact number for you.
Andy Watts: Well thats I think maybe the first piece that Mark we would talk about inside of there is the Beecher large accounts, they grew just a bit over 10% year-over-year in the quarter. So that underlying part of the business is performing very well. On a full year basis, I would tell you that was 115 thats what we gave guidance on. And were still targeting for that number right now, should be right in that range. Also if you remember, we gave guidance of $0.05 to $0.07 on EPS. We still believe that were right in that range at this stage.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: The impact on 3Q I think if I remember correctly there was a seasonal weakness in Q3 for future, would that be comparable to the $0.02 that you saw in Q1?
Andy Watts:  No..
Powell Brown: Remember, just lets talk about that. The issue in Q3 that we talked about was the senior leadership of this organization are sales people thats good, we are sales people, and they were very focused consummating a transaction with the right party, right party being us. So they were not able to dedicate as much time and energy to the new business production, so that was where that miss was on the topline and the resulting bottom line miss in Q3. Every quarter since then, I mean in Q4 and Q1, they have met or exceeded the topline revenue targets and bottom line for that matter for the most part in Q4 and Q5, I mean Q4 and Q1.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust:  Right so there is not an underlying seasonality at future that is less favorable in Q3 is that what you are saying?
Powell Brown: No, remember the only thing if you want to call a seasonality component is remember their big quarters are two and four and their smaller quarters are -- and thats simply when the business has been written, that doesnt mean that in a year from now, we couldnt write more business in Q1 and Q3, I dont know that, but Im just saying if there is nothing more than the fact that the two big quarters are two and four.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust:  Yes, I was just curious whether if thats the case if Q3 is not a big quarter, then does it have a little bit of the drag like you might have seen in Q1?
Andy Watts: Yes, it would probably Mark it would be to the same extent, but it would definitely be a drag in the business.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Okay.
Powell Brown: It was this last year. I mean in last year in Q3.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Correct.
Powell Brown: But thats because we missed the revenue. So, but I think because the expense base is relatively flat, the margins and correspondingly the EPS impacts.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. And then final question, Powell you had suggested that there were National Program opportunities that you're looking at. Is there a, are there some that are perhaps closer to fruition than others, are there.?
Powell Brown: No, no. the implication was not an acquisition standpoint. What I'm saying is that we feel really good about the partnerships that we have with our carrier partners and programs. And what that opportunity exists is to either expand an existing program or create new programs of which we are always evaluating and talking to our carrier partners about. So, remember Mark if you think of us as a virtual insurance company for a moment, we are not the risk bearer, we never ever knowingly or unknowingly want to bear risk. Knowing that then, there are scenarios where carriers think that we can do it and we can prove to them that we can do it more efficiently in some instances than they may or in a segment we may have more expertise than they. And so we're very, very pleased with the entire platform, it's not an arrowhead comment, it's an entire Brown & Brown programs comment. So, everything in Brown & Brown programs in Tampa, everything in the Midwest, all over the country, all of our programs put together we feel really good about.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: If we think about over the next few quarters, are we likely to hear about another auto after market or Everest program?
Powell Brown: Okay, thats a great question, Mark. And the answer is, I dont know. And so, I dont mean to be funny, but I am going to say this, those two scenarios were both very unusual, very pleasantly unusual, but very unusual. And they are working out nicely for us and nicely for the risk-bearer. That does not mean that we wont talk to other people about that possibility, but I would want you to budget anything or expect it. It is sort of like the question that we have got in several quarters in a row that should we budget for another large acquisition; one a year because apparently we have got, now we are trying to close the third one, and it would be three and three years. And the answer is, you can't budget that, we are just outlooking to do traditional transactions that fit culturally and strategically add to our capabilities. If you take that in mind some of those, many of those are going to be in that $5 million to $10 million to $15 million to $20 million range and every once in a while there is going to be one thats bigger that we think that is culturally; so, no.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dan Farrell with Sterne Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: Hi, good morning. I just want to dig into the expenses a little bit more and a couple of things. In your 4.5% growth that you show for this quarter, that does include the step up in the non-cash stock compensation which would seem to be about a percent impact and that continues for another quarter, but would, I am guessing would level off in third and fourth quarter. So, if you adjust for that and adjust for the $1 million, it looks like core expense growth might be closer to sub 3%. So, I just want to compare that to your comments the sort of 4% going forward if you think it can actually come down a bit more or if there might be other expenses that might be offsetting that as we go forward? Thank you.
Andy Watts:  All right, Dan so you did a good job with your math overnight. So, let me hit the first part of it is, yes there will be continued flow through of the non-cash stock that was part of it. Youre right that will therefore be on comparative basis in Q3 at that stage. We did have some incremental in Q1, but it was nothing that was material in nature. And just to give you an idea, it was less than $300,000 of impact, so its actually pretty small inside of there. The reason why I would say on the expenses is were going to continue to try to manage those, but should not expect that there is going to be an immediate bump in any of those. As Powell mentioned, we are going to continue to make sure that we are making appropriate investments in the business and scaling it as we need to as we go forward.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee:  Okay. And then if you look at the margin improvement within your segments, it actually seems like there is probably even more healthy expense control there on an underlying basis. I am just wondering in corporate, could you talk about the expenses there, is there anything else maybe driving that besides sort of the $1 million that you called out for departure of Cory?
Powell Brown:  Yes. Dan, this is Powell. I would tell you that the answer is there is not one thing that screams out at it, thats the first question or comment. However, what I would tell you is that as we are evolving from $1 billion to $2 billion company, we are continuing to look at how we build not only our financial and accounting capabilities, but our other capabilities of setting the platform up to be ready when were $2 billion and beyond. And so, I think there will be some continued investment there, but I cant lay it all out right now because were continuing to look for the right people, remember it. Were always looking for the most talented athlete or the best person as opposed to were just trying to fill this position. We are actually trying to fill some positions, but were always looking for talented people. And so, there is a little of that in there and there will be a little of that in the future, yes.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you. And just one last question, the change in, the increase in the change in the acquisition or no payable this quarter, is there one particular deal thats driving it more than others or is it just overall performance of acquisitions thats moving that?
Powell Brown: Yes, there is. There is one business, a binding authority business in Texas thats done really well. Thats the Texas security, but yes.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: Okay, okay. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: And by the way, were really pleased about that. So, theyre doing well and were happy for them. So, thats good.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: No, I understand that, thats a good indicator of the underlying trend. Okay. Thank you very much.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from John Campbell with Stephens Incorporated.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: Hey guys. Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: So, I know you guys, I know the Beecher has started to shift [us] a bit, but could you guys just give maybe a rough breakdown of fee versus commission rev kind of as it stand today? And then as you factor in right just expectations for next several quarters?
Powell Brown:  Wait a minute. When you say that, are you talking about as an organization or a comment around Beecher?
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: Just overall fee versus commission.
Powell Brown:  Yes. Well, I would tell you this, Id like to confirm that number; Andy you dont have that number right there?
Andy Watts:  No, we dont. Listen well take that in the follow-up.
Powell Brown:  Yes. But I can tell you this, as you remember, inside of the Beecher comments we add, in large accounts we had $50 million of fee and $20 million of commissions that I know a fact off of top of my head. As it relates to the fee business right off the top of my head internally at Brown & Brown I would have to go back and Id want to confirm that. In the middle market retail that number prior to our teammates joining at Beecher, it was roughly around 95% I thought, 96% commission. So, Id want to go back and check that so it wouldnt [poke] on that yet, but Im pretty confident. So, we have to think through that and well follow-up with you.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated:  Sounds good. And then just two quick housekeeping items just one, just the annualized acquired rev in the quarter? And then two, I do not see that there is $60 million in the Sandy rev in 1Q 13, but if you guys can just remind us if there was any of that Sandy related rev that kind of rolled into 2Q 13?
Powell Brown:  Yes, there is a little bit, we have that number right there.
Andy Watts: Not on the Sandy piece in Q2. Again, we can do a follow-up, but the number was pretty small in the second quarter. But well come back and reconfirm it.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated:  Okay. And then the annualized acquired rev in the quarter?
Powell Brown:  Yes, zero. We basically didnt do any acquisitions. We are waiting to try to close, as you know Wright and we continue to talk with lots of other people about the possibility of investing in their business.
John Campbell - Stephens Incorporated: Got it. Thanks for taking the question.
Powell Brown: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Ryan Byrnes with Janney Capital.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Yes, great. Thanks for taking my question guys. Just had a quick question on the acquisition expenses, they were kind of inline with the acquired revenues. Just want to see if there any, just dig a little deeper, what's in there? And obviously is there a run rate going forward, just wanted to get your thoughts on that?
Andy Watts: Yes, let me take that one, because I think its at first blush. It would, it definitely looks like it is, the revenues basically the $27 million and expenses are $27 million. Just to give you an idea of that $27 million of expenses, $17 million of that is related to Beecher large, $10 million is non-Beecher large. So, the rest of the acquisitions during the quarter are actually performing quite well. Again that will move back around, but that's kind of the dynamics. So, don't read into it that they are not performing.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Got you. Perfect. And then again, just trying to get a little granularity on the Beecher large and just how it impacts kind of underlying margins there within the retail segment. That means clearly it had a negative or a down draft in the third quarter 13. You guys said that there was some seasonality as well, some closing issues. But then in the fourth quarter, we kind of were expecting it to spring forward a little bit, but itd be retail EBITDA margins didn't really move much. And just trying to think about maybe you guys can help us get a little more granularity as to what those revenues were for the third and fourth quarter for Beecher large account business?
Powell Brown: Wait a minute. I want to make sure that I remember; I think we are mixing apples and oranges there. As you know Ryan, the growth, the internal growth of Beecher as an organization is not contemplated in the first 12 months. So, their performance which was very good in Q4 and in Q1 and obviously, we wait to see in Q2 is not involved and that Andy alluded to the fact they had over double digit growth organically in that segment for the quarter. And so from a standpoint of the seasonality -- maybe, can you just repeat the question? I apologize.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Yes, sure. Im sorry. So, the EBITDA margins in the retail segment they were year-over-year in third quarter of last year were lighter than third quarter 12, again that was because the Beecher deal, again I guess it closed little late and there were some large account concerns. And then you mentioned there the seasonality in the second quarter and the fourth quarter, but the fourth quarter, the retail EBITDA margins didnt really improve much. So Im just trying to figure out, how we should look at, what the large account business was and I know that the fourth quarter of 13 overall retail organic was little light, but just trying to get a little more granularity on what Beecher large account business was in the third and fourth quarters of 13.
Powell Brown: Okay. So, let me attempt to address that. You are asking the question about margin expansion in Q4, where we affectively had 20 big dips of organic growth in the retail segment.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital:  Correct.
Powell Brown: So the answer is, we had very nice results at Beecher. But having said that, I am talking about the core retail business. That said, from a standpoint of the EBITDA as Andy referred to earlier, expanded in Q1 nicely. And I would have to go back and look, I dont have Q3. Do you have Q3
Andy Watts: No we dont have Q3 because I think similar to this one, there is some moving parts underneath, so wed have to look at that one. We dont want to quote a number without being exact on it.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital:  Okay, great.
Andy Watts:  Yes.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital:  Alright. And then moving on, do you guys have any -- obviously you did earn-outs, were elevated, I guess it seemed like they were some of the highest I have seen in quite some time looking at my model. Should we be expecting that going forward, or is that just again a one-time issue? I know weve talked about this before, but just wanted to clarify that.
Powell Brown:  Yes. Ryan, as you know due to -- from a GAAP standpoint, our accounts and everybody else, wants us to estimate the ultimate cost to the best of our ability on a quarterly basis. And so I dont think you should draw a parallel between the performance of some businesses versus the performance of other businesses. What we try to do every quarter is based on the information in hand, it definitely -- every time we get to this, I always sort of scratch my head because of how this works but I understand why and so from a standpoint of a non-cash item, and this adjustment in earn-out liabilities, but dont read into the performance of what happened with lets say 3 businesses, particularly that that is -- can be imputed across to a bunch of other acquisitions that are currently in the mix, dont do that.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Okay, great. Thanks for the answers guys.
Powell Brown: Yes, sure.
Operator: Well take our next question from Josh Shanker. Go ahead.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Weve been around this every which way and Ill ask it again in a different way, maybe ask about revenues what not, can we get the EPS impact in seasonality terms for 3Q and 4Q due to Beecher Carlson, so that was an imprint. Obviously one year from day wont matter because that will be the basis of how we think about 3Q 14, 4Q 14 and 1Q 15?
Powell Brown: Well, Josh well have to look into that, because we dont have that right here.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And so I mean Id say that the disclosure in the 1Q 14 release is great, if we can just get as a supplement that information back dated for last couple of quarters, I think everyone there should be happy result?
Powell Brown: Okay.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Thank you all. Good luck.
Powell Brown: All right, thanks Josh.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). It appears there are no further questions at this time.
Powell Brown: Yes. Joseph, we wanted to have -- Andy wanted to make one other comment before we wrap up. Go ahead Andy.
Andy Watts: I wanted to just circle back on the rate and re-clarify the revenue ranges on there, just to make sure that were on the same page. And we said 121 for the full year? If we were to close on a May 1st, the range would be 82 to 86; I know I told you a different number. Sorry, we pulled it from a wrong column. I just want to clarify that, 82 to 86; if its on June 1st, its 74 to 77. On the rest of my comments regarding EBITDA hold.
Powell Brown: Okay Joseph, thank you very much. And we want to say thank you to everybody and well talk to you next quarter.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Cory T. Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. Certain statements contained in this conference call that are not descriptions of historical facts are forward-looking statements, as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include but are not limited to, those discussed in filings made by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of management to control or predict. Listeners should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management views only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements or to make any other forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Powell Brown. Please go ahead, sir.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Linette. Good morning, everybody. We grew 2.2% in the quarter, and Cory will get into the information about the impact of Colonial Claims on Q4. As you know, Colonial was very busy in Q4 of '12 and Q1 of '13. Excluding their results, our internal growth would be 4.5%. National Programs and Wholesale, both grew at or above 10% organically and without our liabilities, we earned $0.33 for Q4 and $1.50 for the year. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Cory for our financial results.
Cory T. Walker: Thanks, Powell. Our net income for the fourth quarter of 2013 of $47.2 million was up 8.3% over last year's fourth quarter. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.31 or up 6.9% over the $0.29 in the fourth quarter of 2012. However, more importantly, when you exclude the line item change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, our net income per share for the fourth quarter of 2013 was $0.33 and versus last year's $0.30, and that's a 10% increase. From a revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 13% to $339.4 million and that's up from the $300.3 million in last year's fourth quarter. As we do -- the press release has a table that shows our total growth rates and our internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees, which excludes profit-sharing, continued commissions and the guaranteed supplemental commissions that we have. For the fourth quarter, we did receive $4.4 million of profit-sharing contingent commission, which was in line with what we thought we'd have in the third quarter conference call. That $4.4 million represented a net decrease though of $1.9 million from the $6.3 million of contingencies that we received in last year's fourth quarter. The majority of this net decrease came from our FIU operation. Additionally, we accrued $1.9 million of guaranteed supplemental commissions in the fourth quarter 2013, and that was very similar to the same amount in the fourth quarter of 2012. If you refer to the internal growth schedule, we had a positive internal growth rate of 2.2%, however, it was 4.5% when you exclude the impact of Colonial Claims, and we'll get into that in a minute. For the fourth quarter of 2013, our total core commissions and fees increased 14.9% or $43.2 million of net additional core commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $36.7 million of acquired revenues. That means we had $6.5 million more commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis. The biggest number in this internal growth schedule that jumps out is the negative growth rate of 17.8% in the Service division. That amounts to $6.1 million. And that was due exclusively to our flood claims operations, Colonial Claims. As we pointed out in the third quarter conference call, we would have this big downdraft and it was due to the prior year revenues from Superstorm Sandy claims. Colonial Claims revenues in the fourth quarter of '12 was $7.4 million, as a result of those Superstorm Sandy claims. In the fourth quarter this year, our revenues were at a normal run rate of $1.3 million, thus that's a $6.1 million decline. So if you exclude that $6.1 million, our total organic growth dollars would increase from $6.5 million to $12.6 million, and internal growth rate of 4.5% for the quarter on a consolidated basis. Our Wholesale Brokerage division continued to have strong new growth with $5.9 million of new business and that translated into a 14.7% internal growth rate for the fourth quarter. Our National Programs division had a strong quarterly internal growth rate of 9.9%, and that represents $6.3 million of net new dollars. Out of that, only $339,000 of the $6.3 million related to Arrowhead's automobile aftermarket and the Everest non-standard auto. $5.9 million of that growth really came from our Proctor's ICG and our Arrowhead commercial lines earthquake operation. When you add up the internal growth rates of all 4 quarters of 2013, you'll see that 3 out of 4 of our divisions, National Programs, Wholesale Brokerage and Services had annual internal growth rates of their core commissions and fees between 12% and 14% each. These 3 amounts added up to about $66.7 million of net growth dollars. Of the $66.7 million of growth dollars, 3 -- in these 3 divisions, $25.1 million came from the Arrowhead's automobile aftermarket and the Everest non-standard operations. $13 million of that increase came from our Colonial Claims operations. I think it's important to note that when you exclude the impact of Colonial Claims, as well as the Arrowhead automobile aftermarket and the non-standard, our consolidated internal revenue growth rates improved sequentially each quarter during 2013. So when you exclude these 3 operations, the growth rate in the first quarter would have been 1.5%. In the second quarter, it improved to 3.5%. In the third quarter, our consolidated growth rate moved to 4.1% and then in the fourth quarter, without those 3 operations, we're at 4.4%. So you can see that it grew incrementally each quarter, I think it's important to note. So if you look at the whole year, without these 3 operations, the internal growth rate was a combined 3.4%. As you attempt to project the growth rates for 2014, I think it's important also to realize that in 2013, Colonial Claims had $23.7 million of core commissions and fees, mainly due to the Superstorm Sandy revenues. However, the 2014 budgeted core commissions and fee is only $6.5 million, and that's a $17.3 million differential. Out of that $17.3 million differential, $16.5 -- $16.2 million of that will come in the first quarter. As you know, with that incremental growth dollars has very high margins for Colonial Claims, and so that by itself almost $16.2 million differential in the first quarter, that will amount to over $0.045 of earnings per share for our company. So obviously those -- that $0.045 will not be there in the first quarter of 2014. So in summary, excluding the impact of Colonial Claims, we have budgeted a consolidated internal revenue growth for the entire company for 2014 in excess of 4%. So moving onto the other line items on our income statement. Our investment income decreased by approximately $100,000, and that's just due to lower invested assets this year versus last year. Our other income increased by $1.4 million just due to some sales of books of business and some settlements that we received. Looking at our pretax margins for the fourth quarter, it was 22.3% compared to our pretax margin of 22.9% in the fourth quarter of 2012. Looking at the employee compensation and benefit as a percentage of total revenue, it was 52.3% in the current fourth quarter, which was the same cost factor in the fourth quarter of 2012. The total dollar increase of our employee compensation and benefits was approximately $21 million. Of that $21 million, $16 million was attributable to just the standalone new acquisitions since last year. Therefore, excluding the impact of these standalone acquisitions, we had effectively $5 million of additional compensation on a semi-same-store sales basis. Of this increase, $1.4 million was due to increase in salaries of new producers. $1.6 million was due to increased salaries of just normal staff teammates. Another $300,000 was due to increased commission expenses paid to our commission producers and $2 million was a result of increased costs for our self-funded health care coverage. Our noncash stock-based compensation cost was up on a net basis, $3.2 million for the quarter, and that is due mainly to the new grants that we issued under our stock incentive plan, grants in July of 2013, which we discussed significantly in the third quarter conference call. In the current quarter, our other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased 20 basis points to 15.1% from a 14.9% ratio to total revenues in the fourth quarter of 2012. From a dollar perspective, the other operating expenses increased by $6.8 million or 15.2% in the fourth quarter of 2013 over '12. However, our new standalone acquisitions added about $5.8 million of net new costs for the quarter, and therefore, our existing same-store offices had a net increase in expenses by a little over $1 million. This increase related primarily to about $900,000 of increased costs in our legal claims expense and our E&O reserve. $400,000 was an increase in some bad debt expense; $400,000 was also an increase in our data processing and software licensing fees; and there was about $200,000 increase in just employee meetings. Now partially offsetting these increases, there was about a $500,000 reduction in our consulting and inspection fees, and then we had also another $500,000 reduction in our telephone cost for the quarter. Amortization and depreciation in aggregate was up about $2.3 million as expected from last year's fourth quarter, just due to new acquisitions. Our interest expense increased about $300,000 over the prior year's and that was the result of our increased borrowings that we took out on the additional $60 million from the Beecher Carlson acquisition. Our line item referred to as change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables was a debit or an expense of $1,020,000 versus a similar debit or expense last year of $1,552,000, and therefore, our GAAP income decreased by about $0.5 million from that line item. Our effective tax rate for the entire year of 2013 was at -- was 39.3%. But since the final true-up for our annual tax rate falls in the fourth quarter, our quarterly tax rate ended up being 38.2%. But looking into 2014, we still think that 39.6% is probably still a good number to use on a projected go-forward basis. Now that we reviewed each of the line items in the quarterly income statement, I'd like to step back and just highlight some of the results of our pretax earnings when you exclude amortization, depreciation interest and our change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. Some of you refer to that as EBITDAC. Additionally, since our noncash stock-based compensation essentially doubled based on the grants that we issued in July of 2013, and the fact that we talked about the reasons for that grants and we've talked about it in our third quarter conference call, so most of you know that, that cost has increased. And most of our investors are aware of the nature of those increase. I'd also for this purpose like to exclude that from these costs and kind of doing an EBITDA-type comparison. So another way of looking at it, it's total revenues less our employee compensation cost and benefits and just the other operating expenses, which are really the more controllable, ongoing, true cost of our detailed divisional operations. If you look at that basis, our consolidated operating profit margin for fourth quarter of 2013 was 32.6% and that's compared to last year's fourth quarter of 32.8%. So that's a reduction of 20 basis points. However, if you exclude Colonial Claims from this calculation, our fourth quarter 2013 margin would've been 32.65% versus last year's fourth quarter margin of 32.08%. That's a 57 basis point improvement. On the same basis, looking at the Retail division, the straight comparison for the 2013 fourth quarter would've been 34.11% compared to 32.78% in this 2012 quarter. That was an increase of 133 basis point improvement, and this is an improvement with only 0.2% internal growth rate. On a side note, the Beecher Carlson large account division, which you know missed their budget in the third quarter and only had a 2.7% operating profit margin. Well, I'm happy to say that they exceeded their budget in the fourth quarter and their operating profit for the fourth quarter was at 34.7% margin. So as we said -- we said before, we still believe that the entire Beecher Carlson operation will still be very close to their 12-month goal of delivering approximately $33 million of EBITDAC earnings before our stock incentive plan and corporate overhead charges. Looking at the Wholesale Brokerage division on this EBITDAC-type comparison. For the fourth quarter of 2013, their margin was 30.38% and that's 82 basis points improvement over the 29.56% margin in the fourth quarter of 2012. Also for the National Programs division, their margins on this basis of 2013 was 37.43%, and they had a 271 basis point improvement over the 34.72% margin in the fourth quarter of 2012. And finally, looking at the Service division, their comparable margin for the fourth quarter of 2013 was 21.4% versus 30.35% in the fourth quarter of '12 when -- that's when Colonial Claims had their big quarter, however, excluding the Colonial Claims from the calculation, the 2013 fourth quarter margin was 21.51% versus 21.76% for the 2012 quarter. Therefore, it was a decrease of about 20 basis points. The other operation that I want to mention on Services they had a difficult time in 2013 fourth quarter was our Social Security Disability claims operation, The Advocator Group, where they missed their budget for the quarter by over $2 million, little over $2 million, and that was mainly because the U.S. government slowed down the approvals of the disability claims as a result of the sequester. We believe that most of those claims will ultimately, eventually be approved but they just didn't happen in this quarter. So without this slowdown with The Advocator Group, the operating profit for the Services would also have improved over the prior years. So thus, you can see that, we believe that all of our business divisions are operating more efficiently and effectively than they did last year, and they will continue to operate nicely as the middle market economy slowly improves. Now as a final point, just a few mundane points about 2014. I know a lot of you will ask about the projections for what amortization expense will be and some other items. So for 2014, excluding the Wright acquisition, just as we stand today, our amortization expense is expected to be around the $71 million mark. Our depreciation for 2014 is expected to be somewhere around the $20 million mark. Our noncash stock-based compensation for 2014 should be between $29 million and $30 million. And our interest expenses, just at our current debt level, should be about $16.5 million. So with that overview, I'll turn it back to Powell.
J. Powell Brown: Thanks, Cory. Great report. From a retail standpoint in Florida, the overall market hasn't changed much from Q3 to Q4. I'd characterize it as an underwriter's market. Accounts with losses or tough classes are feeling rate pressure; clean accounts, underwriters are looking for rate but probably won't get it; newer construction without losses, good classes, there's lots of competition. Lots of property capacity, both admitted and non-admitted, particularly on large TIV schedules and it's quite competitive. We're seeing an uptick in construction payrolls. Property generally is flat to down slightly and liability in auto is up 3% to 7%. In the Southeast, all around the states, all around Florida, seem to be up 3% to 5% with slight exposure increases. Texas rate seem to be up more than that and work comp rates are up 2% to 10% depending on the state. In the Northeast, New York City construction continues to be a tough place, and that rates are up 5% to 7% and the umbrellas with those contractors are even tougher to place. Most overall risks are up single digits with slight exposure increases. The habitational risks in the Northeast are seeing higher rate increases on the -- than the rest of the classes at 5-plus percent or comp rates are up 5% to 10%. In the Midwest, rates are generally up 3% to 6%, and incumbents want to get rate, but new business is very competitive. Work comp is a challenge to place with losses. On the West Coast, good accounts are getting 3% to 5% and those with losses were getting 10%. Work comp is hardening in all the southwestern states. If a renewal is offered, it's up 8% to 10%. If it's not renewed, it's up 15-plus percent. Not many P&C carriers are looking to do Monoline Workers Compensation. The California State fund is very aggressive, and earthquake coverage in the Northwest is still up 10-plus percent. On the benefits front, in both small and large groups, we see rates, there's only a 5% to 10-plus percent. On the Wholesale side, in property -- cat property, rates are generally flat to down 5%. However, there's an expectation of retailers that it should be down more than that, maybe up to 10% because of all the reinsurance news. Habitational continues to be a challenge, seeing an uptick in builders risk and renovation submission. DIC in excess flood areas are areas for growth on the post-Sandy underwriting world. Liability rates are flat except for liquor liability and habitational accounts are flat to up 5%. In the professional area, public company D&O is typically up 5 to 10%, private company D&O/EPLI is up 5% to 7% driven primarily by the losses in the EPLI line. Standalone EPLI is up 7% to 10%. Carriers are watching this line very closely and retentions are generally going up. Miscellaneous, professional rates are down 5% to down 10%. Real estate accounts are up 10% to up 15%. With retentions going up, lots of requests for the cyber liability but low binding rates. In the binding authority, rates are flat to up slightly. Companies are trying to get rate on all renewals. We seem to be seeing more habitational and hospitality and even Lessor's Risk Only accounts from admitted markets. Transportation rates continue to be hardening as well. As Cory said, in the programs arena, the winners in Q4 were Proctor, ICG and Arrowhead commercial earthquake. From a Services standpoint, Cory also said, Sandy had a substantial impact on Q4 for Colonial. The impact was $6.1 million. Please remember to adjust your models for the Q1 impact that Cory described earlier. I know we'll have questions around acquisitions and as you know, we did 3 acquisitions in December for just over $17.2 million in annualized revenue. We're very pleased with the announcement of the Wright organization joining our team sometime in Q2. I've had a good fortune to meet approximately 400 of our 500 soon-to-be new teammates, and I'm very, very impressed as we all thought we would be. So we're excited for them to join the team. In conclusion, we are very pleased with our progress in 2013. I'd like to thank all of our teammates for everything they do to provide solutions for our clients. In Q4, internal growth without Colonial Claims was 4.5% and for the entire year of 2013, it was 5.6% without Colonial Claims. As Cory said, without Colonial Claims, automobile aftermarket and the Everest program, our internal growth sequentially improved each quarter, 1.4%, 3.5%, 4.1% 4.4%. We are well on our way to our $2 billion intermediate goal. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to you, Linette, and we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take your first question that will come from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You had mentioned that you're budgeting in excess of 4.5% organic growth for 2014. Just to clarify, does that include or exclude the impact in the first quarter from Colonial?
J. Powell Brown: That includes the Colonial's 2014 budget. So it does exclude that impact.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It excludes the impact.
J. Powell Brown: That's right.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on the retail organic growth, what drove the slowdown in the quarter to 0%.
J. Powell Brown: Well, Sarah, as you know, we've always talked about retail operating, just like any of our businesses in a band. Some up and some down a little bit, but constantly, we believe moving in a direction. In this case, going up but this one was down this quarter. Last year in Q4, we had a very good quarter as you know, 5.6% internal growth. And I would say, without making any excuses, we didn't write as much new business in Q4 this year as we had hoped. And so we didn't grow as much as we like or liked.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay and then finally, could you just update us on the CFO search?
J. Powell Brown: The answer is, we continue with the process, and as I said, we engaged an outside firm to help us with that process and we are continuing to move through that process now, and very pleased with the progress based on our intended or our expected outcome of those results. But when things are finalized, you all will be the first people to know because we'll send out a press release.
Operator: We'll move next to Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I have just a follow-up on Sarah's question, what -- can you give us any more detail in terms of what within the Retail segment was more challenging or timing-related or any more granular color on that just because it was pretty -- start drop off. So I appreciate the bands [ph] comment, but just give us -- if you could give us a little bit more color, I'd appreciate it.
J. Powell Brown: Sure, Michael. I'll try to -- look, as you know, we're straight shooters on this stuff and our goal is to grow our business organically and profit -- grow it organically and profitably. And we were not successful in doing that in Q4 in Retail. Like I said, I can give you, what happened in this office or what happened -- I think that defeats the purpose. Ultimately, at the end of the day, we had some offices grow, we had some offices shrink, it could be for a whole host of reasons. We could have not written up new business. We could have lost some accounts. We could have had a change in some sort of accrual. You can have any of those type of things but at the end of the day, we were surprised. And it's something that we know that we have to grow each of our businesses organically. So it's something that yours truly, and the rest of the senior leadership team at Brown & Brown is very keenly aware of. I'm sorry, I have not given you a lot more to chew on, but I'm just trying to give you a sense of in the way we view that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: How about this, from this perspective, renewal book versus new business. Could you help us understand in terms of -- did retention change, meaningfully from last year's or third quarter to current or whether new business was different. I mean, just -- even if we could break it down into renewal versus new, that might help.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, I would tell you that our renewal retention in '13 was inside the historical ranges. And so once again, that does not mean on an individual office, you could have -- one office have, for whatever reason, lower retention in a book in their book of business than another office, or conversely, somebody who has budgeted a lot of new business, who didn't budget a lot of new business. I mean, he budgeted but didn't write a lot of new business. There are also scenarios where this is something we don't really talk about typically, but you can have a program, which is a First Dollar program that all of a sudden goes to some sort of deductible or retro or something where the amount of retention by the insured goes up, which in turn, may reduce the amount of premium upon, which we are either paid a commission or a fee. And I'm talking specifically, Michael, about middle market accounts. Remember, these are accounts that are $25,000, $50,000 $150,000, $250,000 accounts. I'm not talking about mega accounts. And so if you take a deductible, it can reduce that premium paid, in some instances substantially. But I'm not going to tell you that's the reason, I'm saying that could be one of the reasons. And so I would tell you that it's a combination of a little bit of all of the above, but our renewal retention was in the historical range for 2013.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just one last one, just on -- looking ahead, I mean, obviously, you have to write -- you guys have done some pretty large acquisitions here recently. How should we think about your capacity for more M&A from here and what level of leverage are you comfortable in getting to, obviously, you've historically preferred to remain in a pretty low level. So how should we think about capacity and what sort of pipeline are you looking at?
J. Powell Brown: Michael, let me answer the first -- the last question first relative to the pipeline. And I always enjoy saying this to you all on an earnings call day, as you know, the pipeline is good. And so when you ask me that 1 year from now, the pipeline will also be good. And 3 years ago, the pipeline was good. I am saying that, not trying to be facetious, I'm trying to say that, that we are always talking to people, and when and why people sell their businesses are different, that's number one. Number two, and I think part of the question you were asking is, should you budget a large acquisition every year because several people have asked me that before and the answer to that is no. Although someone might say, well, you did one in 2012, you did one in '13, and now you've got one in '14. I think that there have been some larger firms clearly that became available in terms of, we're deciding to sell and we believe that they fit culturally and they had the right type of people that would be consistent with what we're all about. So that said, as you know, we continue to look at acquisitions of all sizes and shapes, as evidenced by the 3 acquisitions we did in December for just over $17 million in revenue. We have worked really hard to develop strong relationships with our financial partners and in doing so, I have been asked on numerous occasions, the question of what would we be comfortable in doing, and the answer is, I believe that we would be in a steady state environment, comfortable with the 1.5x to 2.5x debt to EBITDA, subject to the acquisition or acquisitions being that -- which we thought were cultural fits. And so we're not going to buy it just to buy it. And some of you have either said specifically or intimated in the past that as you get bigger to move the dial, you have to do more transactions and all sort of stuff. And the answer is, we totally understand that, but we are long-term thinkers in the terms of how we invest in our business, and so we think of acquisitions as forever. And so when we look at these things, we are thinking about them, not only next year but 3 years and 5 years and 10 years down the road and what they bring to Brown & Brown and the quality of the people and how that will help the overall organization. So I would tell you that, we as a team are optimistic about the investment opportunities going forward. As I said earlier, the investment pipeline looks good, as it always does. The idea of larger acquisitions in the future, we -- there are 3 things that people tell us in the investment community that are pretty well known about Brown & Brown. Number one, we pay in cash, hard to argue with greenbacks. Number two, we do what we say and say what we do. And so when we give a term sheet, that is not a license to renegotiate during the due diligence process. And number three, when we make our mind up, we move with alacrity. And so having said that, that I think puts us in good speed and we, with our financial relationships, we have dry powder to invest in our business. So I feel good about those opportunities, and like I said, we have had an aversion. We haven't needed to take the debt up substantially and if we did, we would try to pay that down aggressively anyway.
Operator: We'll hear next from Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to go back to the retail organic. Is there any way to measure the -- 2012, you had the sales incentive plan, kind of the one-timer, the one-time payout for the producers. That -- I'm suspecting that, that probably pulled forward some demand or caused a bigger fourth quarter. Is there any way to measure the impact of that now that we're kind of one full year out? Obviously, this isn't going to recur in '14, so the numbers get a little cleaner, any thoughts there?
J. Powell Brown: The short answer is no, I don't believe so. Several people have either written about that or said that as a possibility and I'm not -- we don't like to use the terms, never or always. You've heard me and us, Cory and I talked about why we did that and we were pleased with the outcome. And as I said, that was a one-time only event. We have reward systems internally that we think make a lot of sense with our -- corresponding with our shareholders and our teammates, which are performance-driven as you're aware of, but we haven't, to tell you the truth, Greg, spent a lot of time looking in the rearview mirror on that. What we've basically said is, we look at the year and we look at the quarter we just came out of, and as I said, we're pleased with the result in the year. We're not necessarily as pleased as you rate with the growth, we're not accepting that growth as something that we want to have going forward and we're looking into the future about growing our business organically in each of the divisions, specifically Retail.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you mentioned that people are talking about that. Are these people internal to Brown & Brown or do you mean people like us in the Wall Street community?
J. Powell Brown: No, that's you and all your friends up there in New York in the snowstorm. I mean, when I say that, there were 1 or 2 analysts that actually wrote about that last night. And so when I say that, no one was talking about that internally, we're all focused on selling and servicing insurance. And as you know, we're very focused on writing lots of new business and working very hard to facilitate our relationships and improve our relationships with our existing clients so that we can retain them as well.
Cory T. Walker: Greg, some people on the line may not have kind of know much of the background on that, but when we put that in place at the end of 2011, '12 -- when we thought about doing -- put it in place in '11, the rates had not started to move and the exposure units really hadn't grown. So we were trying to make sure that we put that in place to really get everybody focused on January 1, 2012. To really hit the ground running hard. And it just was coincidental that, that first quarter of '12 was the first time that the rates really started to stick and the economy and exposure units start to move up, and so that was a big help. So we never really -- you can never really determine whether or not that had a direct impact to change the each individual producer's behavior, unless you crawled inside their mind and said did that really motivate them. The point being that we really reiterated very frequently in 2012 is that regardless of whether that gave them an extra incentive or not, it did help the motivation in terms of -- the producers really appreciated the fact that it's gone so many years with basically reduction of exposure units with their clients and therefore, less compensation. So in an inadvertent way, it had a very, very positive impact that they just appreciated that the company recognized how difficult it was as a producer, and that now that it was a nice transition to help them kind of get a one-time little bump, but now we expect that the rates, as well as the exposure units to continue to grow even though they're not growing as fast as we all would hope, it is a steady and consistent growth that we think is going into the future -- into the fourth quarter, and the producers now are getting the benefit of that by seeing their book rise, not a lot, but it's still rising. So overall, I mean, the retail force is very, very positive and Charlie Lydecker is doing some great stuff in terms of new competitions and there's just a lot of excitement and enthusiasm in retail, and I think you just have a quarter like fourth quarter here that just a bunch of offices that had between $20,000 and $30,000 lesser revenues in the previous quarter and it was just -- it's just a lower quarter than normal, but the trend of the band is still going north in retail. And we're positive about going into 2014.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Adam Klauber from William Blair has your next question.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A couple of different questions. What's your outlook for contingent supplements next year? And if you could remind us, does Beecher and Wright, do those firms accrue contingents or supplements?
J. Powell Brown: As it relates to the contingents and GSCs, we anticipate, generally, the same.
Cory T. Walker: Well, we will not really have. We'll only wait to the first quarter to give you any real guidance because as it stands right now, we don't really get stuff from the carriers until the end of February, end of March. That really will give us a clarity in terms of 2014. However, as a general rule, if the loss ratios of the carriers have improved then generally, our contingencies will move up. That's about the best guidance that we can give you right now, otherwise your guess is as good as ours as of -- it stands right now.
J. Powell Brown: And Adam, to your point, inside of Beecher, there are some accounts, which are commission-based, but those in the large accounts area inside the retail, the traditional retail in Oregon, Mississippi and Arizona, the answer to that is yes. And then inside of Wright, the answer is no.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Powell, you also mentioned an interesting dichotomy on the wholesale property pricing or property pricing where there's some impression that because reinsurance is weak, prices should be going down, but that isn't being reflected in the market. Do you think that will eventually flow through or do you there's think a different dynamic in the wholesale market than we're seeing in the reinsurance market?
J. Powell Brown: Well, Adam, I do believe that it's different between the primary market and the reinsurance market. So the actual primary writer, whether it's admitted or non-admitted, I think there is a divergence or this dichotomy that you're referring to. As you know, when reinsurance rates go up substantially, the rate pressure that is applied by the primary carrier is not necessarily reflected in the entire increase in the rate given to them upward as well as downward and so remember, the national carriers and the non-admitted carriers, you all know by name either public or private, all of them have to work that and manage that to the best of their ability locally. But if you read something or throughout the country, if you read something that says insurance rates are down, let me just make this up, 10% in a said line of business. Well, that's for a broad portfolio of risks and then the question is if you take those risks and you zero into a place like Texas or Florida or California or New York and you say how does that impact that? Well, it may impact it more or less depending on how that's factored into that underwriting book, but overall, the carriers are going to say okay, the primary carrier is going to say maybe the rates come down 5%, but then they don't come down commensurate with the amount that it's come on that treaty because by the way, when it's gone up, they have been able to pass it all through, so no, long answer. I don't think it is going to be -- it'll come to settle at per se, what you're hearing in the reinsurance market.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Another question I realize this may be sensitive, but it's a big-name out there. Obviously, QBE hit the headlines a little while ago. Do you think that will cause I guess, 2 questions, will it cause changes in the overall program market? Number one. And number two, do we know that today or we'll have to wait 6 to 12 months to understand what those changes could be?
J. Powell Brown: Well first of all I would say that as you know, QBE is a very large partner of our organization and they are going through some changes and they'll work their way through it. They are a large program, they're big on programs. We write a lot of programs with them. Based on what we've heard, they want to keep doing what they're doing with us. So we don't have any news other than that. I believe that the leadership there are very thoughtful around their business, and they're looking at certain businesses that may or may not fit exactly or how they fit when they made a number of acquisitions. And I think that long term, it works itself out, whatever that means. We don't have any information to the contrary right now.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just one final. The Zurich aftermarket auto business, is that growing?
J. Powell Brown: The answer is, there is lots of opportunity there. And we have continued to work with Zurich about how we can grow it. And so we were very pleased with how it came in, in the first full year as you know it's October to October. And so we believe that it is absolutely a growth engine going forward.
Operator: We'll hear next from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The responses, you mentioned that Charlie Lydecker was putting together sales competitions. There was some criticism or I guess, skepticism about your numbers back in 4Q '12 that they were enhanced through sales incentive programs. I'm wondering if you can talk about the impact that, that have had then, that, that might have in the future and where that hits retail.
Cory T. Walker: I think you're referring there to that, that producer bonus program that we have. I think people are still trying to figure that out if that was -- had a big impact. We generally always have sales contests going on at one time or another, but different ones. This particular part of the year, Charlie has focused on growing the personal lines and the contests are focused on that. And so we're always doing something and he's always keeping things, changing and exciting for the producers.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. But I don't think you should draw a parallel between Cory's statement about a sales contest and the producer incentive plan at the end of '12.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you think that producer incentive plans accelerate growth and would they be valuable today?
J. Powell Brown: Well, the answer to your question is, we believe that keeping it fresh and new relative to like a sales contest is really important. But you don't have sales contests in the same business area every quarter or every month or every year. And so you kind of -- and we do things at local offices. So in local offices, the leaders set the course for growth there. So I would tell you, Josh, that we believe and we, as an organization are focused on long-term wealth creation for our teammates, particularly those that help us grow the business. And so that said, we think that we have an appropriate mix between cash compensation and equity-based compensation on a performance lever that ties us all together. So as you know, we talk about there's being long-term, we talk about this being how do we grow organically and how do we grow profitably and we believe that those are all, put together, or in that concept of how we compensate our producers.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In terms of characterization that a surprisingly number of producers came up, maybe $20,000, $30,000 short during the quarter, do you think that -- although you're rightfully so, do you think that we may discover a one quarter from today that, that was a one-off situation? Will you be as surprised for 1 quarter from today, if it doesn't remedy itself?
J. Powell Brown: Well, like I said Josh, we talk about retail and just like our other divisions, operating in a band and so as you know, retail this last year grew 80 basis points in Q1, 2.3 or 230 basis points in Q2, 250 basis points in Q3 and now 20 basis points in Q4. And so that operated in a band. It was upward for 3 quarters. Now it's downward. And so once again, we're very focused on growing our business organically and profitably. So we're optimistic about 2014.
Operator: Moving on to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up just a little bit more on the retail segment, just specifically in terms of, I know you provided the over 4.5% organic growth for -- excluding Colonial for 2014. What does that kind of imply just numerically, that you're thinking about that the retail segment will show in terms of organic growth?
J. Powell Brown: Well as you know, we don't give traditional -- traditionally give organic growth guidance. Cory said that in our budget and I think Sarah may have -- she said, I think 4.5%, but Cory said that we are budgeting as an organization north of 4% organic growth for '14 without Colonial Claims. And so I would tell you that when I asked in the past, what does retail look like? I would tell you in a steady-state environment that it's usually a low to mid single-digit organic growth business, but we aren't saying what our particular organic growth projections are for retail.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then just I know in the past you have said that kind of exposure changes had about 2/3 to 3/4 impact on your revenue growth and I know we've seen a little bit of a switch in business mix due to some of the recent larger acquisitions. Would you still say that impact still falls within the same range?
J. Powell Brown: I think it does, Elyse, and here's the thing that I would just want to reiterate. As you know, we believe that we're probably the purest middle-market play of these so-called publicly traded brokers and so what I'm not as clear on is how, in the bank owned agencies, how cleared information is to you and the rest of the people out there in the investment community. I just don't know. I'm talking about the 2 big bank owners. But having said that, we believe in our case of the larger publicly traded brokers that are just insurance operations, we're probably the purest play from a, as I said, a middle-market standpoint. And what we're seeing in that middle market is kind of fits and starts. There's still caution among our clientele of making large capital investments and hiring people. And so you've heard us say that our clients are trying to do more with same number of people, or do more with the same equipment until they see or feel better about their business and the economy. Are people feeling better? We believe the answer to that is yes, but what you read in the Wall Street Journal and other national publications about the success of some very large organizations, or lack thereof in the United States, that GDP, mirror or monitor is not indicative necessarily of middle-market businesses across the country, whether they're in Tulsa, Oklahoma or they're in Northern California or they're in Buffalo, New York. So I say that because it is a little different, that's not an excuse, that's an observation.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you guys do, just on your private healthcare exchange, you do offshoot that to a liaison [ph]. Have you seen any kind of change or impact that you might expect from the recent -- the Towers Watson deal?
J. Powell Brown: No, actually we haven't. And as you know, we believe that exchanges are a solution, not the solution. And so, we are in the solutions business. It's our goal to bring our clients, viable solutions and in doing so, help them make the best decision that fit their risk appetite and how they want to pay for it. You are going to read and hear a lot about the national, which we all have, the national exchanges and the state exchanges. Some state exchanges have been a little more successful than others. Connecticut, New York and Rhode Island might be 3 that you might say have seem to have done well and the 3 that were kind of having a hard time in Maryland, Minnesota and Oregon. We believe that a private exchange, like the one that we have, is one of the solutions. We have seen and continue to see carriers across the country move on some of their smaller business, and we've talked about this in the past from a commission-driven platform to a per head, per month charge. But the flip side of that is because of ACA, certain employers are being forced to offer coverage to more employees, which may in turn could present an additional opportunity for us there.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And just one last quick question. Cory mentioned the advocator business missing targets in the fourth quarter. Has anything changed in terms of what we should expect in the first quarter, or should we adjust that down our revenue expectations for Q1 as well?
Cory T. Walker: Well right now, I think they're still trying to figure out if the government's going to start to open it up. And so I think it's a little early to tell.
Operator: Moving on to Dan Farrell with Sterne Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Within retail, can you comment on how you're seeing the trends in your employee benefits business. Is it similar to your overall segment, better or worse?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, I would tell you that, Dan, what we're seeing is one, we're seeing a lot of discussion from prospective clients and existing clients around how does ACA affect them. And there are many clients that their plans that were offered in '13 may have been renewed in '13 and so some of the full effects of ACA and how it impacts their individual programs won't be fully played out until this year, sometime between now and the end of the year, number one. Number two, that is created a great opportunity for us to grow in offices that have big or maybe not so big, smaller benefits operations so we viewed it as a growth opportunity. And depending on the office, it may be growing substantially faster. It might be growing the same, or it might be growing slower depending the way the leadership and the focus on benefits in that particular office. All of our retail offices, not every single retail office writes employee benefits, but most do have benefits operations. Conversely, we do have a group of benefits-only offices that have done quite well as well. So it's kind of -- that's a pretty broad statement I know, but depends on the office, but it could be up, it could be the same or it could be slightly less depending on the office.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the question on the auto aftermarket. Margin headwind overall as it came on, you're now past sort of the first year. Can you talk about that business, update us on how you're thinking about margin trend in that business going forward? And then, as we head into next year, is it more of a neutral to overall? And when do you think it can actually start to be positive comparisons.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, Dan. As you remember, we said that we believe that the margin pressure on that would be 18 to 24 months. And so remember, it's an October transaction when it came online. So I believe that for the vast majority of this year, it will be a neutral. And then there will be an opportunity as we go forward for that to improve. So like I said, I can't recite the auto aftermarket budget in Q4 of '14 off the top of my head, but I know that until the fourth quarter, it is very similar to how it has been trending, so let's call it a neutral.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then just one last numbers of question, I apologize if I missed it, the $16 million of revenue for Colonial in the year-ago -- in the first quarter last year, can you just remind us what the margin was on that?
J. Powell Brown: Well, what Cory said is we had incrementally $16 million more in revenue and it was over $0.045 impact.
Operator: Up next is Ryan Byrnes from Janney Capital.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The first one, can you just give us an update as to what kind of range or the band I guess, would be for retail going forward, especially in I guess a 2% to 3% GDP world?
J. Powell Brown: So remember Ryan, we said that we don't know of any leading economic indicator that directly correlates with our middle market business, so let's start with that. And two, as I said or mentioned earlier, we believe that it is a low- to mid-single digit growth engine in the -- that state economy.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then the second one is with Beecher Carlson. I think you guys mentioned that there may have been some seasonality with the fourth quarter. I just wanted to think about how do we think about that into first and second quarter this year.
J. Powell Brown: Sure, I would tell you that the cyclicality of their business is really -- Q2 and Q4 are their bigger quarters and Q1 and Q3 are their smaller quarters. So this is for large accounts. So in our large accounts division, the first half of the year we did just over $39 million of revenue, and then I would tell you that the budget for Q1 is just over -- as small as $12 million and $21 million plus in Q2. So like I said, the core budget is about $33.5 million in the first half of the year.
Operator: We'll hear next from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: 2 maybe bigger-picture of questions. One, do you have any sense as to how much of your employee benefit revenues are attached to plans that are not compliant with the ACA? In other words, whether there's a risk of cancellation next year?
J. Powell Brown: The short answer, Meyer, is I can't give you the exact number but the number that we have talked about in the breakdown of our book is we have just under 1/3 of our business is small group, defined as under 50 lives.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Second question. I understand that when you're looking at an acquisition, it's a long-term approach for a permanent acquisition, but if you start to see rate trends get a little bit less positive on the primary side, does that tend to influence willingness to sell in a way that -- in the aggregate?
J. Powell Brown: I think it can in some instances, but in many instances, no. I think if you put yourself in the position of an owner of a business, Meyer, and you say you have a mindset of what you think the asset is worth, depending on -- it may be rate environment, it's going to be a function of the growth of the business organically, a function of the operating profit, or EBITDA that it drives. I think that basically it's more of a valuation issue and the cycle can play a part of that, but not all of it. So as you remember in the 2008, 2009, 2010 period, businesses, particularly middle-market insurance agents, the gap between the expected value and what the willing acquirers were willing to pay could be substantial. And so as the economy got better and businesses grew and that was enhanced by the rate environment, those valuations started to come back into, they weren't so stratospheric, they were more reachable in certain instances. So that's a long answer on saying, can it have an impact, yes, but I don't think -- there are always reasons why people sell, when, why and the opportunity to grow or to join a growing organization like ours, and share information, which might present a better opportunity for that group of teammates as a whole to grow individually and collectively.
Operator: Moving on to Ken Billingsley with Compass Point.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: I had a couple of fill-in questions throughout the call, so I'm going to jump around just a little bit. When you talked about mix of business and compensation margins, can you talk about how and what kind of impact it had on producer retention? And in the past, you've given the comparison of how your major producers have stayed with the company as they're very high percentage. Can you say how that has trended over, say, the last 2 years?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. I would tell you that we are very pleased with the retention of our producers at all stages, both as they come on to the team, they join the team, and then they're developing and advancing in their careers and then at a senior, not from an age standpoint, but a senior level from the standpoint of the size of their books, we've been very pleased with that and we've not seen any noticeable change, meaning downward, if that's what you're implying about our teammates. As you know, we have a very strong culture and we have been very pleased with the teammates. We have over 7,100 teammates and the producer group is a very large percentage of that, and we are very pleased with the people who have not only come, but continue to be a large part of our business. And so we have not seen a dramatic change i.e. downward that you're implying, in the last 2 years.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: And have you adjusted -- I know in 2012, you had the incentive program, but excluding that calculations for the last 5 years, the comp and benefit margin has remained relatively stable with the mix of business changing with some of the large acquisitions, would we expect to see that go up or could we even expect that to see that tick down?
J. Powell Brown: Well, remember, as I alluded to earlier, we have a performance-driven equity reward plan, which is currently known as SIP and we used to have a plan called the PSP and so it's a performance-driven mechanism, which part of it for a producer, 50% is based on his or her individual production and growing their book over a 5-year measurement period. The other 50% is based on earnings per share growth and so we think that, that has worked very well. We obviously had some large program that was given out this summer, July and we were very pleased with the response that, that got with our teammates internally. So I think, what I would say in the near term, we don't like to say never or always, but I think it's going to be more of the same.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just shifting to contingencies and supplemental, where's the percentage going towards? I know there's some talk in the past, there's going to be shift or has been a shift, do you continue to see that shift and where do you see that going to from an underwriter standpoint, with their desire to pay supplementals versus contingents?
J. Powell Brown: I think that as a broad statement there, if you ask all of the leaders quietly in a private place, what they would like? I think the response would be contingency payments versus guaranteed supplementals. There are continuing discussions and/or movements towards that. Last year, Cory didn't you receive about $8 million of GSCs?
Cory T. Walker: That's correct.
J. Powell Brown: And so $8 million of the total received in contingencies and that's all-in was $59 million. And so that said, I think, Ken, that, that number, the GSC would stay flat or only go down in the future, barring something that we haven't -- we can't see right now, but that's how we would view it.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: The last question is regarding the Wright acquisition and Senate's voting to delay the Biggert-Waters change. Just kind of 2 parts. One, does this impact may be the initial plan for making the acquisition? And two, do you see any change from maybe the private company participation and maybe how that may affect your revenue expectation in the future once the deal was completed?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. Alright, and as you know, in relative to the Biggert-Waters, there was a bill that was passed in the Senate, which has a rate moratorium for 4 years on a rate freeze. And that said, FEMA is pushing to get the rates to an actuarially sound level over the next 5 years. So there is a bill that had been introduced that would -- it's a proposed cap to only increase 25% a year and obviously none of that has really gotten going in the house. So the way we look at it is, and this would give you a little insight probably into the private market as well. Of the total flood policies written out there, this is not Wright statement, of the total flood policies out there, 70% of those have mortgages on them. 20% of all of those are deemed to be subsidized, 20% of the 100%, and 2% of the overall are really, really subsidized, meaning, substantially. And so some people have said well, if FEMA drives the rates up, which there's a sensitivity there, I believe, that they could drive people out of the program. And so, there is a possibility of that. However, if 70% of the policies have mortgages, I believe that the banks will have some input on that, that's number one. Number two, the discussions that I've had personally with leaders of insurance operations who have inquired about this, the interest up to this point has all been around excess flood. And in many cases, when you look at, can the rate charge in the primary versus the rate charge on the excess, that rate maybe 2x to 3x higher in the excess than it is in the primary. The rate, not the premium, but the rate. And so, the way we look at it is this first of all, Wright is the largest servicing -- flood servicing company in the country. They've got a lot of great teammates, which I had the good fortune of meeting a number of them. And so there's a lot of history, there's a lot of data, there's a lot of information that would enable and we would be able to talk to carriers on behalf of our clients to try to put together the best solutions for them. So I've always thought all along that if there was someone that wanted to do an excess flood program, we would be a very interesting candidate because of the platform that we have within programs and our knowledge of programs and obviously, the interface with the National Flood Program and the Write Your Own Program. So we're very pleased with that. And as you know, that's a big part of the acquisition, but that's not all of it. We also have a public entity, several public entity businesses that are in there and the insurance reciprocals in the state of New York, very well-run insurance reciprocals and some national public entity offerings and then another piece, which is just traditional programs like in Arrowhead. So we're very pleased with the opportunity there and equally, if not more pleased, with the teammates. There are all 500 or so teammates at Wright.
Operator: We'll hear next from John Campbell from Stephens Inc.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Powell, you mentioned renewals in '13 and aggregate were within that normal range. Can you just remind us what the range is for renewals? And then just secondly, does that normal renewal range change much as you look out from your more traditional smaller accounts to some of those new or larger accounts?
J. Powell Brown: Great. Well, the short answer is, in a traditional retail office, and once again, that can be broadly defined, but in a traditional retail office, I would tell you that the renewal retention is usually 92% to 95%. That's a good range. And so what we saw, John, and this you may remember, when we were in the economy and the depths of the slowdown, we said that our renewal retention was very similar, however, excluding insolvencies and acquisitions, but really the implication was insolvencies. And so we did see a lot of businesses go out of business then. We are not seeing that as much today. And so an office that writes a lot of new business typically has quite a good retention ratio. And so think of it this way, whatever business you're in, but in this case, we're selling an intangible, promise to pay for our future covered cause of loss. If you think about it, when you're in the market all the time, you have a sense of what's going on which we are, and so we bring that knowledge to bear, to the benefit of our existing clients and to our new customers. So I think that to your comment in terms of looking forward, I think that, that would be a reasonable expectation relative to the renewal retention, borrowing some unforeseen economic slowdown where there was a repeat of what we just came through.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And then that renewal range is pretty similar on the larger accounts side as well?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, you remember, larger accounts is going to be -- it can be lumpy. And when I say lumpy, if you have an account that generates several hundred thousand dollars in revenue, if you lose one, it puts up dent in you for that month or that quarter. Conversely, if you lose a $10,000 account in one account, in one office, 1 month, it doesn't ruin the month or affect that month depending on the size of the office as much. So I would tell you that I would be less comfortable in saying that with absolute certainty on large accounts because it's usually very high retention, but when you lose one, that's when it clicks it off that very high retention level. And so, I'm sorry I can't give you the historical for the last 15 years, but as we continue to grow with Beecher and Steve and Dan and their team, I fully anticipate a very good retention ratio and writing a lot of new business.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then last question here. Just as best as you guys can, can you just give us a very high-level update on organic growth trends for Arrowhead and Beecher?
J. Powell Brown: Well, the short answer is remember, Beecher is not in our organic growth for another 2 quarters, but it was a nice a growing business and when we announced it and it continues to be relative to an organic growth number. What we said because we did not break it out for large accounts and the other accounts. Cory, didn't we say it was mid-single digit growth?
Cory T. Walker: Yes.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. That's what I thought. We said mid-single digit growth and we continue to feel comfortable about that or more, which we're pleased about. Arrowhead as you know, has enjoyed a lot of success in terms of these 2 large programs that we've gotten from our carrier partners. Don't know if that would ever present an opportunity again, but what we have seen is, there are growth engines inside of those existing programs right now. And so we're very pleased with what Chris Walker and Steve Boyd and Steve Bouker are doing at Arrowhead.
Operator: Mark Hughes from SunTrust has your next question.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My questions have been answered.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions in the queue. Mr. Brown, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, thank you very much, Lynette. I would like to thank everybody and I wanted to -- you all have sort of sometimes chuckled at me when I've made this comment before, but I'd like to give this comment to our friends in New York City. Yesterday, I understand it was snowing really hard in New York City and as you know, the state of Florida, the economy we believe, is coming back and the state of -- and Florida just became the third largest state by population in the United States. Yesterday afternoon here in our office, it was 84 degrees and sunny. And so the point is, that as people decide to retire and consider and living in a place either on retirement or in a more tax-advantaged state, that might be Florida. So we think it bodes well, so as the growth occurs, and we're starting to see condos being built in Miami and homes and things like that, that's good. I'd just say that because some of you have gigged me a little bit on that before, but I wanted to use that as an actual example yesterday, heavy snow in the city versus beautiful sunny here at 84 degrees. So look forward to talking to everybody again soon. Thank you for your listening and have a great day.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Cory T. Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division Al Copersino Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward looking in nature and reflect current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2013. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2013, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in their press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, everybody. All 4 divisions grew organically in Q3 for Brown & Brown. Retail was up 2.5% from 2.3% in Q2; National Programs, up 14%, down slightly from 18.3% in Q2; Wholesale, up 15.8%, the big winner this quarter, up from 10.8%; and Services down, just at 4.6%, down slightly from 10%, which was significantly impacted by the Colonial Claims revenues in Q1 and Q2. The organic growth overall combined with 7.3% or $20,765,000 in revenue. In our results this quarter, we had a $1.3 million onetime expense associated with a possible acquisition that did not occur. Cory will discuss that in his comments. But most importantly, we're very pleased with our performance this quarter. And with that, I'll turn it over to Cory for our financial report.
Cory T. Walker: Thanks, Powell, and you are right that we did have a very good quarter. We earned $0.39 of earnings per share, but that could have been a solid $0.41 but for 3 items that created some unusual noise in the quarter. I know that we don't really generally use that term, noise, but we did want to highlight 3 specific items. One, we did expense $1.3 million of nonrecurring expenses in the third quarter pursuing a very large acquisition, which we were not the winners. These costs were separate and above our normal quarterly acquisition related expenses. Approximately $300,000 of those expenses fell into the compensation and benefit line item expense with the remaining $1 million in the other operating expenses. Secondly, our July 1 acquisition of Beecher Carlson had a slow start due to some acquisition transition issues. They missed their third quarter revenue budget by about $3.9 million. Beecher is writing a lot of new business, and we still believe that much of that deficit will be made up next quarter and other quarters. We believe that the 12-month projections for Beecher Carlson's revenues and EBITDA that we gave last quarter are still valid and they will hit or exceed those targets. And Beecher's large account division, we believe that roughly 1/3 of their renewal revenues will fall into the fourth quarter. Now the combination of those first 2 items, the $1.3 million and the Beecher, when you extract that, that really does have about a 2% margin impact on a consolidated basis on EBITDA. And the last item just to highlight is one that we kind of highlight every quarter. It's that it's the change in the acquisition earnout liability. And we pretty much tell you every quarter to ignore whether it's a positive or a negative because it's a very meaningless number. And of course, this quarter, it's $665,000, which was a positive earning. And so you just need to exclude that from any of your considerations. From a revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 18.5% to $358.2 million. Now that's up from last year's third quarter of $302.3 million. We did receive $14 million of profit-sharing contingent commissions, which represented a nice increase of $1.9 million over the $12.1 million we received last year in the third quarter. The vast majority of that net increase came from our Retail and our Wholesale Brokerage division. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we are currently estimating that we may receive between $4 million and $5 million of profit-sharing contingencies as long as the hurricanes stay away from Florida. Additionally, we did accrue $2.4 million of guaranteed supplemental commissions in the third quarter of 2013, which is about what we accrued for last year in the third quarter. Now looking at the internal growth schedule. We had a very nice internal growth rate, as Powell mentioned, 7.3%. We -- our total core commissions and fees increased 19.4% or $55.6 million of net additional core commissions and fee revenues. However, within that net number, we had $34.8 million of acquired revenues. That means we had $20.8 million of commissions and fees -- of greater commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis. As Powell mentioned, our National Programs and our Wholesale Brokerage divisions led the way with strong internal growth at 14% and 15.8%, respectively. I think the most important story is that our Retail division continued its incremental improvements with a 2.5% internal growth rate of its core commissions and fees. Our Service division had another good quarter with positive growth rate of 4.6% or about $1.3 million. 6 of our 8 operations in our Services division had positive internal growth. And Colonial Claims, because the claims on the Superstorm Sandy have basically completed, they only accounted for 39% of the total growth in the Services division this year. Now moving on. Our investment income decreased by about $154,000 and our other income decreased by $222 million -- $220,000. Neither of those items are very significant. If you look at our pretax margin for the third quarter, it was 26.6% compared to our pretax margin of 26.9% last year in the third quarter. Now if you exclude the amortization interest and noncash stock grant compensation, as well as that change in acquisition earnout, our margins on that basis will be 34.57% versus last year at 35.02%, so a slight decrease of 0.55 basis points -- or points. If you exclude the Beecher Carlson large account division margins, as well as the $1.3 million, our current margin would have been 36.73% compared to last year at 35.04%. So you see the overall margin when you exclude those 2 items actually did go up by nearly 1.7%. Our employee compensation and benefits as a percentage of total revenues was about 50.2%, and that's an increase over our 49.3% cost factor last year in the third quarter. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation and benefits was about $30.8 million. And of that amount, $18.7 million was really attributable to just standalone acquisitions since last year. Therefore, excluding the impact of these standalone acquisitions, we had $12.1 million of additional compensation, kind of on a semi-same-store sales basis. And that amounted to about an 8.1% increase. Now that's pretty comparable when you look at our commissions and fee revenue, which increased about 8.5%. So of the $12.1 million increase, $2.4 million was due to an increase in commissioned producers' compensation as a result of the increased commissions and fee revenue. $6.9 million was due to increases in salaries for new producers and staff teammates. We had about $1.3 million increase in profit center bonus expenses. About $700,000 was an increase in our group health insurance cost. We had about $1 million additional payroll taxes, employee -- employer payroll taxes because of increased compensation and then, of course, the $300,000 that we had previously talked about on the acquisition cost that were nonrecurring. Our noncash stock-based compensation cost was nearly double last year's cost or up about $3.5 million. Now this new level of cost is a result of the new stock grants that we issued in July of 2013. One other item relating to that, that I think is, that people need to make sure they factor into their model is that there was a group of those stock incentive plans that have a vesting period primarily of about a 7-year period. But since we issued them and we are paying dividends on those -- on this portion is about 890,000 shares of which we're paying dividends, GAAP requires us to show those shares as fully outstanding as of July 1. So I just want to make sure that you factor that in, whereas the other SIP grants, they would not be shown as fully outstanding until certain performance targets are hit, generally 5 years away. So there is a slight penalty with having those shares fully outstanding right now. But they do not vest except at generally in 7 years. In the current quarter, our other operating expenses decreased as a percentage of total revenue by 50 basis points to 13.9% of total revenues. And that compares to 14.4% ratio that we had last year in the third quarter. Now this is inclusive of the $1 million of nonrecurring acquisition cost. Other operating expenses increased by $6.3 million. That's about 14.5% over last year's quarter. But within that number, $5.7 million related to just standalone acquisitions. And therefore, our existing same-store sales offices had a decrease in their expenses by roughly $0.5 million after considering the nonrecurring $1 million. This net decrease was primarily due to about $2.3 million in lower claims and E&O charges. But then those cost savings were partially offset by the $900,000 increase in legal fees and another $900,000 increase in data processing cost and licensing fees. Looking at amortization and depreciation in aggregate. It was up about $2.4 million from last year, and that's due to just the acquisition we've done since then. Our interest expense increased by $129,000 over prior year, and that's primarily due to the additional $60 million we've borrowed as a result of the Beecher Carlson acquisition in July. I mentioned that our change in our acquisition earnout payable was a credit or an income item of $665,000. Versus last year, it was a $585,000 debit to the third quarter. Our effective tax rate for 2013 is at 39.6%, and that's consistent with what we thought our annual tax rate should be. The last thing I want to cover is the balance sheet, and you'll notice that on the balance sheet, there is a $100,000 -- $100 million debt that is coming due in July of 2014. And since we have not currently refinanced that yet, it has to show up as a current liability. Now we fully intend to probably -- to refinance that, probably on a deferred takedown basis. Right now, we can borrow -- we can take it down for about 4.5% interest if we want to do a 10-year and probably less than 4% if we do 7 years. So over the next quarter or so, we'll probably formally refinance that. And then, of course, that will go back as noncurrent liability. The other balance sheet item that may jump out at you when compared to the December 31, 2012, balance sheet is accrued expenses and other liabilities. We currently show, as of September 30, $144 million there compared to about $79 million at the end of December 2012. As you'll recall, in December of '12, we paid 80% to 90% of our bonuses that were going to be paid after year end. We paid them in December. And so therefore, the accrued liability balance at December was unusually smaller because a large chunk had been paid prior to December to try to help employees avoid potential tax increases. And of course, the $144 million at September has a full 9 months of fully accrued bonuses and profit center bonuses, et cetera. That's really, if you compare that to September of 2012 balance, we had about $121 million of accrued balances. So there's nothing really unusual that's there other than the increased bonuses that I mentioned because of our increased profit center earnings. So Powell, with that, I will turn it back to you.
J. Powell Brown: Great report, Cory. Thank you. On the Retail side, in Florida, coastal property is flat to potentially up slightly or down slightly within a couple points. Inland property is flat to down 5%. GL rates in Florida are all over the place, down 10 to maybe up 2 or 3 points. Auto rates are plus 1% to 2%, 3% up. Exposures are flat to 5%. We're seeing more consent to rate on workers' compensation in the state of Florida. We're seeing more construction, both in our insureds and on a project basis with builders' risk policies. Regional carriers continue to undercut national carriers. And remember, if you hear the target rate on a commercial book is x percent, let's say, 6%, 7%, then the good accounts are getting flat, maybe up slightly or down slightly in there, good defined as low loss history or positive loss history. In the Southeast, excluding Florida, coastal property rates are up 5% to 10%, and inland rates are up 0 to 5. GL is flat to 5% up. Auto is plus 1 to plus 6. Exposure units are generally flat to up slightly. Workers' compensation, depending on the state, is up 5% to 10%. We're seeing in the auto line, especially in heavy fleets, a tightening in Texas. In the oil and gas related businesses, those are up 10-plus%. And underwriters continue to look at price per square foot in terms of increasing the TIVs on property schedules. In the Northeast, property is up 2% to 8%. More coastal pressure on those rates. And GL, if it's a clean account, flat to 2% increase. Construction accounts are typically up 8% to 10% in rate. Auto is flat. Work comp is tightening. Exposure units are generally flat other than construction. As I alluded to, property continues to see changes in the underwriting criteria, particularly in coastal areas, New Jersey in particular. GL and excess or umbrella for New York state contractors continues to have upward pressure on pricing. Some habitational writers that are looking very closely at their property and GL rates, particularly in New York City. Some are getting off and some are just increasing the prices significantly. In the Midwest, all lines are either down 5% to up 5%, depending on loss experience. And exposures are flat. Underwriters are continuing to look closely at the valuations, and regional carriers continue to be very aggressive in the Midwest. In the west, property, general liability and automobile are generally flat on a rate basis. And workers' compensation in Oregon, rates are flat to up 3%. In California and Arizona, rates are up 10% to 15%. Monoline workers' compensation in those 2 states are very difficult to place. Exposure units are generally flat, but you will see some uptick periodically on certain accounts. In Washington and Oregon, we are continuing to see rates go up on the DIC market, 8% to 15%, as we had talked about in Q2. From an employee benefit standpoint, we're all reading and you're all hearing a lot about the individual exchanges, which officially opened on 10/01, either run by the federal government or by the state. As some of you may know, they are very difficult to get onto, if you've tried to sign up. The networks are very skinny, meaning choice is limited, that the price point comes with some sacrifice, meaning choice of doctors. And there continues to be questions around how really will those subsidies work in terms of tax credits. The private label exchanges. We have a private label exchange, as we've talked about. And through September, we have 13 clients that have gone on to that exchange, about 1,300 lives. The smallest client is 27 in insured lives, and the largest is 400. We're seeing employers are starting to allocate money from a defined contribution plan into specific medical bucket and then the all other or ancillary bucket. There are national carriers that are now starting to bring the traditional ASL or self-funded model down to 50 lives, which we have talked about or try -- anticipated here on calls prior to. We are seeing a lot of insureds trying to renew early to retain the old underwriting philosophy prior to 01/01 of '14, which would delay some of the things that would be implemented on their accounts until the latter part of next year as opposed to 01/01/14. And in the small community rating area, small groups with healthier groups are going to be hit the hardest from a rate increase come 01/01 of '14. As I alluded to earlier, Wholesale had a great quarter across the entire Wholesale team. And binding authority, in Florida, there is new property capacity coming into the state effective 10/01, which is a great opportunity for us to serve our clients. On GL, the rates are flat. Nightclubs, liquor liability and GL for condos, very tight in the binding authority area. Downgrades of several carriers that are in the binding authority space and program space have affected the marketplace and creates disruption and is creating opportunities for our Wholesale teams. In other areas of the country other than Florida, it's really same as last quarter. Carriers are really happy, and they really want to grow. And rates are down slightly across the country. On a brokerage standpoint, generally speaking, property -- cap property is flat. Periodically, you will see a decrease of 0 to maybe 1% to 5% down. Some large players are getting more aggressive on their rates. Lots of opportunities in the Northeast DIC market and in Midwest habitational. From a liability standpoint, as we sort of alluded to in the binding authority, liquor liability, nightclubs and anything with assault and battery exclusions are very tight. Clean habitational accounts, no losses. You might have flat. But if there's any type of loss experience, it's 5% to 10% or more. Construction-related accounts and products-related accounts are getting -- the carriers are getting more aggressive on rates. And although renewal carriers are looking for a 5% increase, they -- on new business, they are pricing that same type of account with a 5% decrease. We've talked about that before, and that continues on. From a professional liability standpoint, it's very similar to last quarter. Private company D&O is up 5% to 10%. It's driven primarily by the employment practices liability experience. Wage and hour coverage becomes more and more difficult to get. Non-real estate accounts are flat. Real estate accounts are up 5% to 10% or more. Total company D&O on the primary is up 5 to 10, but the excess is down 5 to 10. So when you boil it all down, they're typically flat. On a National Program standpoint, the big winners were Arrowhead, Chris Walker, Steve Boyd and Steve Bouker continue to drive that organic growth. And a number of carriers are looking to expand into the program space as we speak. It creates an opportunity for us. In terms of the Services area, we had a good quarter with our claims operations and our Medicare set aside businesses leading the way. From an acquisition standpoint, as Cory said, there were no new acquisitions announced in Q3, and we continue to look for high quality operations that fit culturally with Brown & Brown. And we continue to think that there are opportunities to invest in our business in the future. And good opportunities, it's just lumpy, as we've talked about in the past. So in conclusion, I'd say that all carriers want rate increases, but the rate increases that they want are moderating. If there's not a wind event this season, which we don't believe there will be, cap property rates will start to go down on 12/01, more so than they currently are, and then definitely go down 01/01 of '14. As you know, there's new capacity in the cap property market and that in itself, will put additional downward pressure on rates. The continued -- the economy continues to bump along. The slowdown in Washington doesn't help. I would say, in conclusion, on our clients' views, they feel okay about the economy, but they are cautious about investing in -- or making major capital expenditures on their businesses. Not much different from Q2. So with that, I'd like to say -- turn it back over to Mary to open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Powell, could you give us your take on the Beecher performance this quarter? Not quite as good as expected. What do you think caused that? What gives you confidence it will be back on track?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. Well, Mark, I would tell you that it's a combination of a couple of things. We said, when we announced the acquisition, that their revenues were heavily weighted in the second half of the year. And what I don't think I realized at the time was generally -- or basically, what Cory said, about 1/3 of their revenue comes in, in Q4. That's number one. Number two, I would tell you that in that space, the revenue is lumpy, and so it can come in or move slightly into one quarter or another. Three, I would tell you that with all of the activity on pushing to close it and do all the things, they didn't write as much new business as they historically did in Q3. However, they're writing a ton of new business in Q4 and are already in Q1. And so we're very pleased with the opportunities, Mark, that, that presents us. And as you know, that $70 millions of revenue has 0 employee benefits or revenue associated with it, and so large accounts. And so we have an opportunity to sell some employee benefits there as well.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on that topic, the employee benefits, the 13 clients, the 1,300 lives. Can you give us some sense of how that impacted your revenue within that group of clients? And then have you lost any clients that might have gone elsewhere because of health care reform?
J. Powell Brown: Yes. So the answer on individual exchanges is, no, we haven't lost any clients. Actually, the confusion around health care exchanges or just health care in general, ACA, has created great concern and anguish and yet great opportunity for us. So we're writing a lot of new business. So I'm not aware of us losing an account to an individual exchange or anything like that at this time. That's number one. Number -- back to the first question is on those accounts, my understanding that the revenue is generally similar at present time. But as we get into it deeper and we have more on it, we'll have better clarity on how that -- if that were to affect our income stream and how it will. But right now, our understanding is it's generally the same.
Cory T. Walker: Yes. And Mark, as you know, that most of the employee benefit companies have already started to pay us per person, per month fee. And of course, the exchanges, that's exactly the way it will occur. The -- a lot of our producers and folks have already -- they focus mainly with renewing accounts well into 2014 just to avoid the confusion and the stuff happening on '14 to see -- beginning of '14 to see how things work out. So that -- those 2 respects is that we don't believe that there's going to be any significant change in the amount of revenues that we're going to see in our employee benefit operations over the next 12-month period.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. The first one, I'm trying to understand the -- there was a little bit of margin contraction on EBITDA basis comparing 3Q '12 to 3Q '13. I'm wondering if you think that's temporary, if that's based on some of these slow starts [ph] with Beecher Carlson. How are you thinking about EBITDA margin going into the next few quarters?
J. Powell Brown: Yes. Josh, as we have said, that 2 things really affected a normal margin was that 1.3 and then also the fact that in the Beecher Carlson large account, because of the $3.9 million hole that we had budgeted for in terms of the revenues that we think is only temporary because we think the whole year is, they're going to make it up. And if you take those 2 items, on a consolidated basis, that's actually over 2% in terms of margin. So we look at the margin improvement from 3Q of 2012 to this current quarter, roughly without those 2 items in there, going up by almost 1.74 percentage points. So as we have said that, and especially in Retail, as long as there is positive internal growth, our margins will expand. So again, our growth is pretty much tied to the middle market economy primarily as opposed to rates. We do think rates are moderating, but the driver, we believe, is going to be more the exposed units of our client, and so from your perspective, if you think the middle market economy is going to continue to grow like it has the first 9 months of this year, we believe that it will be a comparable amount of growth on a go forward basis.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And when we look at 3Q '13 on a trailing 12-month basis ending, let's say, 2Q '14, we won't feel the seasonality, I guess, that Beecher Carlson viewed into it this quarter, I suppose?
Cory T. Walker: Yes, what -- the way I would look at it, Josh, is this. Remember, we announced it 7/1, so I think the best way to answer that is when we have the entire year, we will be able to say with exact certainty exactly how it works. But we think that about 1/3 of the revenue renews in Q4, and then the remaining pieces renew in Q1 and Q2 of next year.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And in your rate commentary, you mentioned that Florida coastal property was probably flat. I assume that's a reaction to the 6/1 renewal that is coming through very quickly. Can you talk about when you saw prices inflect there? And how quickly carriers are to pass reinsurance savings onto their end users?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. I don't think it's got any direct relation to the reinsurance rates going down on 6/1. I think that, that's one way to peg it or you can say that. But the way I like to look at it is this. There -- hurricanes hit Florida in waves. And usually, if you think about it, it's every 10 to 12 years. And so it's a while since we had the last storm, 2004 and 2005. And so as the markets continue to do well, i.e., have good rate online and not incur losses, it becomes more and more competitive and more people kind of crowd into the space. And so I would tell you that it is more coincidence than direct correlation of rate going down with reinsurance rates going down. I think that people have been very cautiously toying with the idea of rate flattening already. And every once in a while, you hear about a large account that will renew down slightly in Florida. You hear about a couple markets that are trying to get rate, like on the primaries. And they may have priced those primaries a little below market before. And so we're seeing 1 or 2 carriers do that. But as I said, if we don't have a wind event this year, which we don't think we will, I think that you're going to see more pressure on rates starting at 12/1 and 1/1, it's open season. That's not a negative for us, but I just think that there's just too much capacity out there to do it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one thing I'm wrestling with is this $1.3 million as a one-timer. Can you -- I mean, why is it a one-timer? I sort of think of you guys as an acquisition machine that is constantly looking for new deals, and that's sort of the way you deploy cash flow, and you've done so successfully for years. So why would we strip out a $1.3 million, call it onetime in the quarter, as an expense related to M&A?
J. Powell Brown: Greg, have we ever talked about an expense related with an acquisition before?
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: To my knowledge, no, I guess. But you would know about it.
J. Powell Brown: You're right. So the answer is no, we haven't ever done that. And we highlight it because it is unusual in the sense that it was a large amount. It's something that was onetime in nature. It's not something that we've accumulated all of our acquisition related expenses on all the other things that we did. There's no correlation. This is not related to Beecher Carlson. And it was something that we looked into and we're not successful. And so obviously, you'll have to make that determination, whether you think it's recurring or not. We can tell you that it's a nonrecurring expense and it's just -- will be how people view that. We know that it's nonrecurring unless we got involved in another very large acquisition that we looked into, and that would be that. But like I said, this is a onetime only event, and we've never, to my knowledge, ever broken out acquisition related expenses with an acquisition. Have we, Cory?
Cory T. Walker: No. And the difference here is that this was a completely different acquisition. And we had expenses in terms of legal and other people who were involved in it that were not -- that we never have involved on a normal type of acquisition that we normally do day in and day out.
J. Powell Brown: And let me make just one comment, Greg. We are not trying to be vague to mess with you on this. We are under an NDA, so we are not at liberty to talk about it.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's actually very helpful. Just shifting gears entirely. The private -- the rise of the private exchange, you guys have, as you mentioned, 13 clients, 1,300 lives. How do you think this marketplace will evolve? And I know that nobody knows the answer. But you guys are in there. You're competing. You're seeing clients adopt. What is the rate of adoption here? And how do you think, economically, this is going to play out in terms of your business?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, okay. So this is obviously speculative. I think there's going to be a component of employers that are going to think about health care in this way, which would be, they're going to identify the cost to provide a medium-level plan for their teammates. That doesn't mean a Cadillac. That doesn't mean a Yugo. That means kind of a mid -- a Chevy option for their health care plan. Then they're going to look at it as a defined contribution sum. Some adopters will look at it as a defined contribution amount. They take that amount and they will deposit it into -- for sake of this discussion, knowing that you're at Morgan Stanley or any other investment house, let say they invest -- put that in an investment account. And then you, the individual employee, have the option to buy coverages based on your own desire or so called perceived medical need. So they may, in turn, allocate 60% or 70% of that income that's contributed into that account to medical and the remaining to ancillary coverages. If you get your medical through your spouse, that money would not -- you would not have access to that money unless you actually buy the medical through their plan. And the same with the ancillary. Then think of it as an allocation, like an asset allocation model. It's a health care allocation model. Do you want to have disability coverage? How much? Do you want to have life insurance? How much? How much for health insurance? And think of it like a pie chart. And the biggest slice will be health care, and then a portion will be life and disability and vision and dental. I think that will only affect -- I think the adoption rates will be slow. I think that there does run a scenario or there is a scenario that potentially comes out of this where certain employer groups think that health care then becomes the responsibility of the government as opposed to them. And they push that responsibility off, and now it's just a contribution into this exchange, be it a private exchange or if they move certain people or groups of people that go to a state run individual exchange or federal exchange. I think that you've seen some of that determination when you've read in the Wall Street Journal on some of these very large employers that are going to this -- I'm going to call it a defined contribution plan, and only time will tell how those pan out. But our clients are very interested in continuing to provide quality health care options to their employees, and what we're trying to do is bring those solutions to them and the best options to them across-the-board. I think that there is going to continue to be an evolution of products, Greg. And you heard the statement that I made about national health carriers providing or making products available that looked typically like self-insured products, which historically have been on the 100-plus life group down to the 50-plus life group. I do think there will be certain ancillary carriers that will develop products that will look and feel like a MiniMed product that may qualify, that could be on exchanges as well. Those are not yet developed. So it's really very speculative on our part or anybody's part, for that matter. But one thing we can say with certainty -- we say 3 things with certainty: Healthcare is expensive, it's utilized and it's confusing. And so, therefore, that creates an opportunity for us to work to the benefit of our clients, and so we think it's an opportunity.
Cory T. Walker: And Greg, I would add to this that, our health care exchange is very similar to what others have out there, and that's just one tool in the arsenal. But when you talk about each individual client, the managements are helping their employees in determining which direction they are going to go to. And we're -- and our folks are in there, working with them to determine that. From a standpoint of some of these other exchanges that you've publicly read about, and how Walgreens have gone, they've got very large employer groups. When you talk about individual companies, somebody has to still go and sell that account to the management team and decide either are they going to go for the fully indemnified plan or they going to -- do they want you to enroll their employees into your own exchanges. That still has to happen. So from the competitive marketplace, really, very little has changed because it's still at the grassroots, talking to each management team, each company one-on-one. And so the competitive marketplace has not significantly changed in our view. And of course, that's part of the reason why we -- that I did say that our expectations for the next 12 months is that the overall commissions that we -- commissions and fees that we have for employee benefits is not expected to change materially.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, I mean -- apologies, this is sort of the back half of the question, what was the economics? You mentioned it's not that big a deal to you right now. It sounds like you're having a lot of discussions, you're going to help your clients however they need to be helped. But as we just stand alone and look at I guess regular way, how it's done now versus a client wanting to go to an exchange, is the exchange business model different in terms of how you charge the client or is it the same? I'm trying to decide is a net neutral positive or negative to you guys.
J. Powell Brown: And the answer to your question is, at present, it would be a net neutral. And I think we got to see because it's so new relative to -- meaning, you're asking a question that's going to play itself out as we put more clients on it and if that model evolves. So for example, right now, in those programs or on those exchanges it's a single market. The risk bearer is one primary health carrier. That may evolve to multiple carriers where clients have choice, that's currently not the case. So there are things that are still evolving. And as those evolve, that choice will not only be good for the client, but I think it will also be good for us relative to being compensated.
Cory T. Walker: And from Powell's standpoint, obviously, the carriers are going to continue to pay us on primarily on a per person, per month basis. The exchange -- as we put people onto the exchange, our exchange is at least from liaison, and so we do have a per person, per month charge to put them on the exchange, which I look at as kind of a glorified enrollment front end. And so that additional cost is generally going to be passed through to the employer. And so that's why the exchange right now is more of a net neutral, as Powell said.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Byrnes with Janney Capital Markets.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just had a question on the, I guess, the Beecher shortfall. So just to make sure I'm thinking about it correctly, it was mainly new business that was acted as a kind of a headwind for the retail organic growth in the quarter? And I guess, as you talk about -- would that business be -- would the new business be more fourth quarter centric, as well, in the Beecher platform?
J. Powell Brown: Well, remember, when they were short, there's 2 components which is, you have any lost business that they had and any new business that either occurred or didn't occur. New business is not quarter centric. It's quarter centric defined as what the prospect's effective dates are as opposed to when we want to write it or anything else like that. What I'm trying to say is this, when there is an acquisition, and in this particular case we were involved with their senior leadership team throughout the spring time in discussions, they were not able to be as focused on new business as they would be, otherwise, if they are just running the business on a standalone, non-sell mode. And so we already know of a large amount of new business that's been sold in Q4. And to that matter, a large amount that's been sold in Q1 already. So like I said, we are very pleased with the teammates that have joined us from Beecher Carlson. And we believe it will all work out in the end.
Cory T. Walker: Yes. And Ryan, just to clarify, none of the commissions and fees of Beecher Carlson affect the internal growth rate at all, because 100% of all Beecher Carlson's revenues for the first 12 months that they're with us, whether it's renewed accounts or new business, we put into the acquisitions category. And I grant you that our methodology of internal growth is a conservative approach on that, so it's completely excluded. So I just want to make sure you realize that.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Sure. And then just quickly, I guess, you also mentioned that Beecher didn't have any kind of the benefits options or capabilities previously, I guess, do they have that now? And then secondly, would there be any additional cost in terms of bringing that platform to Beecher? And I guess, also separately, in terms of -- do you guys have, I guess, kind of the fully insured capabilities through your exchanges? And I guess, if not, would there be any -- would you look to do so and would there be any cost for that capabilities?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. The first question first. Remember, when we acquired Beecher Carlson, there were 3 components: $10 million of programs, which went under our programs area; there were $27 million of middle market retail business, in that, there were some benefits; and then the $70 million of large account business, of which there was no revenue. So having -- no revenue with employee benefits. Having said that, remember Brown & Brown last year, 2012, we did $225 million of employee benefits revenue. And we write employee benefits all over the country of all sizes and shapes. And so we have offices that specialize in large benefits and they have teamed up, or are teaming up, with Beecher Carlson to try to cross-sell certain opportunities and vice versa, where we have large benefit accounts in some of those offices where we don't write the P&C for some reason. And so there is a cross-sell opportunity on both sides of the table. So it's not as though we have to build out a platform, I don't want to give you that component. We already have the capabilities to write large account benefits plans all across the country right now. Does that mean we wouldn't be interested, potentially, in acquiring additional businesses in the future? We would be interested. We might hire a bunch of more people and add them into our existing operations, all of that. But we have the capability right now, and we're doing it. That's number one. As it relates to your second part of the question, as it relates to the fully insured products, yes, there are fully insured options available on the exchanges. Remember, my comments on the ASO products are really brand new, that's a self funded. So think of exchanges as typically fully insured products and you kind of define what type of plan you want. And for sake of this discussion, as I said earlier, I use the Cadillac, the Chevy or the Hugo. That's how I would look at it, Ryan.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The 7% organic growth in the quarter is very strong result, but it's a bit faster than your historical average about 4 to 6, even though the economy is still relatively weak. If you could just talk generally what's driving that and should we think about that as sustainable going forward?
J. Powell Brown: And the answer is this, as you know, we had a really good quarter in programs and an exceptional quarter in wholesale, and so that's very positive. And that growth in programs is a function of organic. We're writing more accounts that you know. And we also picked up the program last year with the automobile aftermarket program, which was announced on 10/01. And then the wheels program that was on 05/01 of this year. And so both of those scenarios, and the programs and the wholesale, are going very well. As it relates to our retail business, we are up slightly 2.5% versus 2.3%. And obviously, we like to grow that a little more quickly and we're continuing to work on that. But what I would say is we don't give organic growth guidance, we haven't. And your observation, we're very pleased with the 7.3% growth. We're very pleased with the entire year's growth actually for that matter. Some people and you're -- in the investment community, did not or do not give us credit for the earnings associated with Colonial Claims because of it -- it's associated around events. So everybody views all of that differently. What we're trying to do is to grow each individual division as quickly as possible and continue to have a good margin or grow that margin going forward. We are excited about investing in all 4 of our divisions. We think we've made some great investment over the last 20 months, highlighted by the 2 largest being Arrowhead and Beecher Carlson, which continues to give us more capabilities. And fortunately, as Cory said, our balance sheet is in a position such that we can continue to borrow and invest in our business over a very long period of time and take advantage or participate in any, pretty much, any acquisition that is available out there. And so we're excited about it, but we don't give organic growth guidance. And as I said, we want to grow as quickly as we can and as profitably as we can.
Cory T. Walker: And Sarah, just to add to that just -- one of the biggest changes that you'll see in the fourth quarter, which we put in the queue the last 2 quarters is that, remember, as Powell was talking about Colonial Claims, in the fourth quarter of 2012, they had $7.4 million of revenue, which was primarily because of Superstorm Sandy. And course, all the claims on that have already kind of run through. And so their budget right now for the fourth quarter is going to be back to kind of normal at the $1.5 million to $2 million range. So you'll have to discount next quarter by almost $5.7 million of negative "internal growth" because of Colonial Claims. So I just want to highlight that for everybody.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Okay. Great. And then you had mentioned that you pursued this large acquisition that you didn't win. You've done a couple of big acquisitions recently, can you just talk about the strategy there? It seems like your targeting more larger deals and how much capacity do you have for future acquisitions?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. Sarah, there is not a change in strategy. So the strategy is the same as it's always been. We focus on high quality people that run good businesses that have a cultural fit. So people say, "Well, what's the cultural fit, as an example?" And there are 3 or 4 things that jump right out, which is how do people treat their teammates? How do people treat their clients? How do people treat their carrier partners? And how do they think about growing their businesses and investing in their businesses? All of those are kind of basic 1-2-3-type things we think about. And so the fact that we have done 2 larger acquisitions is good, we believe. And obviously, we're very pleased with the results of Arrowhead, and we think we'll be equally as pleased with the Beecher Carlson results. I would tell you that our capacity to do deals is very good in terms of our balance sheet and the willingness of our financial partners to support us in doing acquisitions of all sizes. We have always done on average accounts or acquisitions that are $4 million to $6 million in revenue, and we will continue to do those. We have done some of those that are larger. Over the last 10 years, 6 of the last 10 years, we've done over $100 million of annualized acquisitions that's based upon what became available at the time. And as you know, there are not that many. If you look at the top 100 brokers out there, how many of those will sell? Well, many of them will sell over time, but some of them -- they are fine firms, but maybe they just don't fit culturally. And so there's a limited pot of larger firms and when they become available, we want to be at the table and believe that, with our financial partners, that we can do the ones that we want to do. So as Cory alluded to and we've talked about it and as I said, we are under an NDA, so we can't talk about it at length, but we look at acquisitions of all sizes. And fortunately, we think the idea of having a conservative balance sheet allows us a certain amount of latitude to consider opportunities that others might not be able to consider if they had a little different balance sheet.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Can you give us any color on how large of a deal you would do and would you ever use stock for a deal?
J. Powell Brown: The answer is, we would consider every deal on its merits. So I don't think that there -- I wouldn't say an upper bound, we don't think about it that way. And we don't like the term, never or always, I think you've heard me say that. And so we haven't used stock in an acquisition since 2001, when purchase accounting changed, it was pooling of assets went away. But I don't want to say we would never do it again. We believe that it's hard to argue with greenbacks, fundamentally. And we think that debt is always cheaper than equity, but we would look at the right opportunity and we would have to make certain decisions. So I don't want to say it's x dollar amount. I know you want to say -- you want to get me in the corner and say, this is it. We're not really -- we're not there, Sarah. I mean, we look at acquisitions that we believe that are -- will help us grow our business and our capabilities over a long period of time. And as Cory and I have said over and over for a long period of time, we pride ourselves in having a very conservative balance sheet. And with that conservative balance sheet, it gives us the opportunity to invest. And when a large opportunity comes along, we have the ability to do that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: This is John Campbell for Brett Huff. Just 2 quick questions. First, just on rate. I mean it does sound like that's continuing to kind of moderate a bit. But still I would say, I guess, in positive territory, in aggregate, but some of your peers have said in the recent past that rate was worth about 1% or so of kind of like mid-single-digit organic growth. Can you guys just give us any kind of color as far as how much you think rate might have impacted that 7% cliff this quarter?
J. Powell Brown: John, sorry, we can't. And it's not because we don't want to, but the answer is we're not -- I know what you're alluding to and there are other firms that say, "This is how much rate equates to. And if you grow this much organically, you get this much expansion." We make it real simple in the sense that in our businesses, when we grew organically, we believe that we have the opportunity for margin expansion. And as it relates to rate, rate, it comes with the territory. Whether it's up, down or sideways, we grow our business when the rating environment is down slightly, but exposures are up. It happens to help that the rates are up. But in our business, we've always said, particularly even through the slowdown in the economy, that we believe that the impact when it was negative, that 2/3 to 3/4 of the impact was rate -- I mean, it was exposure based, not rate. That was in the depths of the 2009, 2010 period of time where we couldn't write enough new business to fill in the hole because we had clients going broke and we had clients shrinking by 20% and 30% and 40%. And so we can't give it to you because we don't know. And we don't track it. We're just interested in growing our business organically and profitably, as you know.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's fair enough. And then just a second question here, I know it's probably too early to give any exacts, but any initial follow-ups on how contingents will fare next year? I mean with 3Q results coming in pretty strong and you guys having just increased your expectations for 4Q, relative to what you guys said last quarter, I mean is that more product of just no major events or just a faster shift from supplementals to contingents? Just trying to get a better sense about...
J. Powell Brown: Think about it this way, John, think about it as event driven. And you, you the collective you on this call or the investment community, would only see large events. So when you have a hurricane or an earthquake and it's on the national or international news, you are more readily aware of it. If there was a very significant car accident on I-75 North going to Atlanta, Georgia and South Georgia, and there were 5 insurers of ours involved and there were significant injuries, you might read about it if you were in the local area or in the Southeast. But that in and of itself, that one event could impact 3 or 4 or 5 offices experienced with several carriers, depending on who was on those lines of coverage. So it is too early to tell. As it relates to event driven exposures or experience this year, it has obviously been better than it has been in years past. But there could still be something that occurs between now and the end of the year, meaning, I don't think the wind is going to blow, but the ground could shake significantly out west. We don't speculate much about that and you can't see that one coming, it just happens. So I'm not -- we're not too much help for you on that one, John, sorry.
John Campbell - Stephens Inc., Research Division: No problem. And then, I mean, is it fair to say that you guys are continuing to see just a general shift from supplementals to contingents?
J. Powell Brown: That's correct. But that's not our decision, it's the carriers' decision. But yes, there's kind of a slow morphing back to some type of profit sharing contingency payments and those that went to GSCs, yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Al Copersino with Columbia Management.
Al Copersino: I had one just numbers question and then a little bit bigger picture question. The investment income was done quite a bit, was that simply due to the cash payment made to purchase Beecher Carlson or was there something else going on there?
J. Powell Brown: No, that's primarily it.
Al Copersino: Got it.
J. Powell Brown: Because the rate -- we don't take much rate and so it's just really the cash invested. And we did pay $300 million of our own cash for Beecher in July.
Al Copersino: Great. The other question I had, and I know Powell mentioned just broadly speaking, if Brown & Brown grows retail organically or margins are going to expand full stop. I had a question which is that -- and some of the disclosures in the past, it seems like the margins for the other segments, programs, services, brokerage are those margins are as high, in some cases higher than the retail margin? And I wonder if we continue with this slow, steady improvement in the growth acceleration in the retail segment, but we continue with these, particularly nice growth rates in the other segments, if that might have upward bias on the margin going forward?
J. Powell Brown: Well, it's interesting you say that, Al. If you remember, you have certain businesses that have joined specifically the program 10/01 of last year that we said came on at a lower margin than our desired margin and programs, initially. And that, over time, that capacity with the teammates to write more business will drive that business up to margins more consistent with our current levels and beyond. And so I think that there are opportunities on both sides. Remember, the magnitude of retail now on a all-in basis is a $750 million business. And so when we did the Beecher, when we announced the Beecher acquisition, if we looked on the trailing 12-months basis, that would have put 57% of the trailing '12 revenue in retail, up from 53% of retail. And we've always said that we thought our business would be somewhere between 60% and 70% retail, because if there was a large acquisition, we think it'd be retail-driven. Having said that, all of a sudden, along comes Arrowhead, and that's not retail and has performed really well. And we've said, and I continue to say, if there were 2 more Arrowheads out there, which there are not, we'd buy both of them. And then all of a sudden, if we bought both of them, we'd be down at, actually, under 50% of retail for the time being. So we look at the leadership teams, the depth and the quality of the people, the relationships that they have with their carrier partners, how they treat their client base. And we think all 4 of our divisions are good opportunities to invest in and grow organically and good margins.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: How would you gauge the mood of the carrier executives at this year's Broadmoor compared to last year?
J. Powell Brown: Well, what Adam is talking about, as many of you know, was the first week in October is the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers at the Broadmoor. I would tell you that the feeling at the Broadmoor from the carrier executives was good. And part of that is they are pleased with our performance and growth with them. And I think that they're enjoying certain levels or similar successes with other distribution partners. I think that carefully, that many of them will acknowledge that -- or privately, I should say, they would acknowledge that they do believe that rates will continue to be under pressure, some think more so than others. But there's lots of opportunity and the people, the senior leaders view that, and that's very good opportunity for them. And being involved with an organization like ours, as an example, creates additional opportunity for them. So I'd say it's overall positive. I didn't hear any real negatives. The only negative, really, would be around comp. Comp continues to be, workers' compensation, and the news with some of these carriers that were experiencing financial difficulties that came out, and depending on your perspective which market you are, you may see that as an opportunity or it may be a nonstarter and no effect. It's either a neutral or an opportunity for them.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: One follow-up question. Clearly, there's more capacity coming into the property cat markets. And that's both an opportunity and also, I imagine a risk for you, it gives you more capability to grow, but prices could be lower. Could you give us an idea in each of the major segments, retail, program and wholesale, how much of that business roughly is property cat oriented?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, sure and this is I guess, Adam, because I don't have -- we don't have that broken right out here at our fingertips. In retail, I would tell you that cat property is probably -- Cory, I was going to say just under 5%?
Cory T. Walker: Probably.
J. Powell Brown: Let's say just under 5%. In wholesale, cat property -- now, remember, in our wholesale business last year we did $183 million of revenue. Half of that is binding authority business, over half of that, and just under half of that is transactional brokerage. So of the transactional brokerage, I would say cat property relates to probably 65% of that business. So -- but it's -- so let's call it, 32% of the whole, maybe. Maybe something like that. And then on programs, cat property is probably -- I'm just adding it up here. I'm with you, I'm just thinking. I would say it's probably, let's call that 15% to 20%? And then in services, obviously, it's a different deal.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right, right. And then I mean within those areas, I'm guessing a little -- if you have more capacity, particularly in the program area, was that the area that would give you more leverage to grow?
J. Powell Brown: Well, it depends, yes. But when you say that, sometimes, if you have more capacity, there may not be a way to deploy that capacity at the rates online that the carriers want. So it is a balance from that standpoint. Because, remember, we are, in those instances, underwriting many times on behalf of a carrier. We're not assuming the risk, they're assuming the risk, but we're underwriting it for them. So they give us guidelines to which, these are the accounts that they want and this is kind of the range in prices that they want us to charge for them. So it -- I view it typically as pretty much all positive, but I just put an asterisk by it, Adam, so you know that, yes, periodically, you can have capacity like, I make this up, an earthquake. And if the rates in the area in California are not appropriate for the carrier, they may allocate the capacity to you, but you can't write the new capacity because you're not getting the rates they want for it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions on the acquisition front. One, according to a lot of the insurance press, there are a few decent sized deals that are available in London. Is that an area that you're looking at, at all?
J. Powell Brown: Meyer, what I would say is this, we have a small business in London, as you know, it's USD 9 million revenue. And we would look at any opportunities that fit culturally, that we believe are good people and good businesses. So we're careful. We don't try to limit ourselves geographically, although we've been careful beyond the United States at present.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess the second question is just, does the absence of small ticket acquisitions in the third quarter, is there anything significant there or is that just part of the hit or miss nature of acquisition activity?
J. Powell Brown: I'm sorry, could you repeat the first part of the question? I just want to make sure I got it.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Okay. I'm just sort of -- it struck me as usual that there were no small acquisitions in the quarter.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. I would want you to think of it as just a function of when people sell and why people sell varies by individual transaction. And so we always have irons in the fire and we're always talking to people about potential acquisitions. But we didn't have anything, and like I said, I don't want to give you the impression that that's shocking or unusual because there could be quarters where we don't do acquisitions. Conversely, there are quarters where we do lots of acquisitions or a big one, or this, that and the other thing. So I think of it more as a function of acquisitions are lumpy and we didn't have any in Q3 as opposed to, "Oh, oh, there's a problem." There's not, it's good.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. I was wondering if we could spend a little time just on the retail organic growth. I know your expectation has been to see an improvement for every quarter this year, which we have seen. I guess, going forward, do you kind of still expect that to be the case, I guess, looking out to the Q4? And then if you can kind of just give initial expectations based on kind of where the economy is now heading out into maybe 2014?
J. Powell Brown: And I would say, number one, yes, you're right on retail, we've been pleased it's gone from 80 bps in Q1 to 2.3% organic growth to 2.5% organic growth. I think there are a couple of things that sit out there that present question marks. Number one, any business that we do that has a government contract, it can be impacted because of the shutdown. Now are they going to get that resolved? I think, yes. And hopefully, sooner than later. But the proposals are going to be to kick the can down the street a little bit. And so there's potentially a couple blips along the way. Nobody knows what that really means, that's me speculating, number one. Number two, I would tell you that, as I said in my prepared comments, that the economy is okay, it's kind of bumping along. And what we read about in The Wall Street Journal or in The Times or in any other national or international paper is we hear about big companies doing well. And I think there is a break between big companies and their view on the economy and their view on investing in large capital investments and the middle market. And so as I've said before, the middle market, if you're going to have to buy a $3 million system, whatever that is for your business, and you're a smaller business, you're not as keen to go and borrow $3 million to buy that new piece of equipment as opposed to just try to maintain the equipment and buy the new one as the economy gets better. So I'm sorry I'm being a little vague, not my intent, but we don't have good clarity into what the economy is going to do and thus, how our business will perform in the near to intermediate term, other than the fact that we think the economy is flattish. We think that it's ticking upward. We hope that Washington gets this all cleaned up sooner than later. Because the known is always better than the unknown. And if something happens that people don't like from an economic standpoint, they can operate and figure out a way to deal with it the best way they can. So we are endeavoring to continue to grow our business and grow it profitably in all lines and specifically, in retail, but -- and that's the goal.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then also there were just no one-time items that you would highlight within the organic growth this quarter, right, to take out for future comparison purposes in any of the segments?
J. Powell Brown: No. No.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one last number question, just going back to the acquisitions quickly. So I guess since we're about halfway into the fourth quarter, just assuming that you guys do not announce future deals from here, just to kind of get an idea of how much acquired revenue you could see come through that line for maybe the next few quarters, is there any way you could provide us those numbers?
J. Powell Brown: No. We don't know the answer to the question. What I would tell you is, over the last 10 years, we have -- 6 of the last 10 years, we've done $100 million or more in acquisitions. It ranges up over $150 million, and then the lowest was in 2009, we did $27 million. So Elyse, it's really based upon availability and the quality and the cultural fit of the acquisition opportunities. But the last, last -- this year, we've acquired roughly $115 million of revenue so -- and then we had some other acquisition in the last year or so. You're talking $35 million to $38 million flowing through as acquired revenues this quarter. And probably fourth quarter, too. If that's what you were asking.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. That's what I was asking, more of what we would see from deals that you already have.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. This quarter, we had $34.8 million. So from a relative standpoint, since Beecher is a more recent acquisition, probably be a little bit more than that since there'll be getting much more in playing. So it'll be a little bit more than that fourth quarter estimate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like we have no further questions at this time.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. Mary, thank you very much, everyone, and we look forward to talking to you next time. And have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Cory T. Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those related to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2013. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2013, that its financial results differ from the current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified and those risks and uncertainties identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin, sir.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning, everybody. We had a 7.4% internal growth in Q2, and we're very pleased about that. All 4 divisions contributed to our $21.1 million of new growth dollars. Retail was up 2.3%, and Wholesale and National Programs and Services were up 10% or more. So with that, I'd like to turn it to over to Cory for our financial update.
Cory T. Walker: Thanks, Powell. We did have another very good quarter. And like we've said previously, we like the steady and consistent growth that our internal growth reflected. Our net income for the second quarter of 2013 of $52 million was up 22.4% over the second quarter of 2012. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.36, and that is 24.1% over the $0.29 from the second quarter of 2012. From a revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 11.8% to $324.2 million, and that's up from the $289.9 million from last year's second quarter. We did receive 7.9% -- $7.9 million of profit-sharing contingent commissions, which represents a net increase of approximately $6.8 million. That's from the $1 million we received last year in the second quarter. Of the $6.8 million of net increase, $1 million came from our Wholesale Brokerage division and $5.8 million came from our Program division, of which $4.5 million was generated in our FIU program. And as long as the wind continues to be quiet and not blow, we should continue to see nice profit-sharing contingency from FIU. Our best estimate on how much profit-sharing contingent revenues that we should receive in the second half of 2013 is between $13 million and $15 million, of which we think $10 million to $11 million may come in the third quarter and then possibly, $3 million to $4 million in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we accrued $1.7 million of guaranteed supplemental commissions in the second quarter of 2013, and that is $560,000 less than the $2.3 million that we accrued in the second quarter of 2012. This reduction is, again, in line with the fact that several carriers that used to pay us GSCs in lieu of profit-sharing contingent commissions have switched back to their profit-sharing contingent commission contracts. Now, looking at the internal growth schedule, as Powell mentioned, we had a consolidated internal growth rate of 7.4%. For the second quarter, our total core commissions and fees increased 10.4% or $29.6 million of net additional commissions and fees. However, within that net number, we had $8.5 million of acquired revenues. So that means that we had $21.1 million of additional commissions and fees from essentially the same-store sales basis. And as Powell mentioned, all 4 of our divisions had strong positive internal growth, and he'll talk about those a little bit later. Our investment income was nearly flat with 2012, and our other income was up slightly of about $616,000, and that's due to a sale of certain books of businesses. Our pretax profit margin for the second quarter of 2013 was 26.5%, and that's compared to the 24.5% we had in the second quarter of 2012. So that's an increase of 200 basis points. Employee compensation benefits, as a percentage of total revenue, was 50.2% in the current quarter, and that's a decrease from the 51.8% cost factor in last year's second quarter. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation benefits was approximately $12.8 million or 8.5% increase, of which only $1.7 million was attributable to stand-alone acquisitions since last year. So therefore, excluding those impacts of the stand-alone acquisitions, we actually had $11 million of additional compensation on kind of a semi-same-store sales basis. Of this increase, $1 million came from new salaries for new producers; $1.6 million was due to increased commission producer expenses because of the net new business; $5.6 million was due to the increase in staff salary, of which almost $3 million of that portion related to the new automobile aftermarket and the Everest programs in our National Programs division. We did have about $2.1 million of increased profit center bonuses and other bonuses because of the increased profitability, and that includes the net effect of the $1.3 million we accrued last year relating to the 5% bonus program for our retail commission producers. And then finally, there was about $1 million of additional payroll taxes relating to the increased compensation. Our noncash stock grant compensation was down slightly by about $115,000. However, on July 1, 2013, our Board of Directors approved a -- stock incentive plan grants to certain Beecher Carlson employees as part of the acquisition agreement. Additionally, the board also approved SIP grants to existing teammates. These SIP grants are generally based on 5-year performance measurements and invest over a 5-, 6- and 7-year period. The total annual cost of these SIPs, including the grants to the Beecher Carlson teammates, is estimated to be about $15 million per year or about $0.06 per share. Looking at our other operating expenses, they remained flat at 14.5% of total revenues for both second quarters 2012 and 2013. The other operating expenses increased $5.2 million or 12.3% over the same quarter of last year. The new stand-alone acquisitions amounted to about $533,000 of the new cost. And so when you look at on a semi-same-store sales basis, the net increase in other operating expenses was about $4.6 million. This net increase related primarily to $1.2 million of additional insurance inspection and servicing expense fees as a result of the net new business. There was a $1.8 million increase in legal and errors and omission reserves, which was partly the result of last year in the 2012 second quarter. We had an $826,000 credit due to our legal E&O reserve reductions for certain cases. Additionally, we had $1 million of additional cost relating to our data processing and software licensing fees. And additionally, we had about $700,000 increase in various employee meetings. From an EBITDA standpoint, our consolidated EBITDA in the second quarter of 2012 was 32.4%. And with the internal growth, as we mentioned that, our leverage, our EBITDA margin for the second quarter of 2013 went to 34.1%, and that's 170 basis points improvement. If you look at our Retail division, last year's second quarter, our EBITDA margin was 32.8%. And with very nice 2.3% internal revenue growth, the margins for the second quarter 2013 was 34.7%, and that's 190 basis point improvement. Our Program division last year had a 31.2% margin, and it moved up to 31.8%, a 60 basis points improvement. Our Wholesale division went from 32.8% EBITDA in 2012 second quarter to 36.3% margin. And our Service division went from 24.7%, and it shrank slightly down to 24.1% margin; so overall, very nice improvement on our EBITDA margins. Our amortization and depreciation in aggregate was up about $720,000 and that was due primarily to the acquisitions. Our interest expense was flat, with essentially no new debt as of June 30, 2013. However, on July 1, relating to the Beecher Carlson acquisition, we did add another $60 million of debt, so the interest rate will move up based on that in future quarters. Our change in estimated acquisition earn-out payable was a debit in this year's second quarter of $656,000 versus last year. In the second quarter, we had a $602,000 credit balance, so that's a $1.3 million swing in GAAP expense charge. Our effective tax rate for 2013 is currently expected to be running at about 39.7%. And so really, in conclusion, with our net income of $52 million, it reflects a very nice 24.1% increase, and so we're very pleased with that. And so with that financial review, I'll turn it back to Powell.
J. Powell Brown: Great, Cory. Thanks, a good report. On a retail basis, we're up 2.3% versus up 80 bps in Q1. In Florida, coastal property, we're seeing flat to up 10%; inland property, usually flat to up 5%; GL rates could be down 2% to up 5%; auto could be up 5% to 7% -- flat to up 5% to 7%. Work comp is tightening. Carriers are less willing to offer consensual rate in Florida. Work comp and auto actually are the toughest lines to place in Florida at present. Everybody's working off a model. Profitable accounts are hard to get rate on. Inland property, you could actually see rate decreases every once in a while. Poor construction, it's still hard to place, and contractors' payrolls in certain areas are up slightly. In the Southeast United States, particularly Texas, Oklahoma, Georgia, South Carolina, coastal property is plus 3% to 8% in South Carolina and Louisiana. Inland, it's usually flat to up a little bit. And in Texas, the coastal property is under a little more pressure, 5% to 10-plus percent. GL and auto rates are flat to up 5%. Work comp would be down slightly to up 10% in rate. Exposure units in that part of the country are flat to up slightly. Work comp continues to tighten. Regional and monoline carriers continue to remain aggressive with scheduled credits. Texas, of the states listed, seems to have the most rate pressure and the most exposure unit growth. In the Northeast United States, property inland is typically up 2% to 6%. Coastal is up 10-plus percent and the deductibles are being forced higher. Casualty and GL and auto are flat to up 5%. Work comp is flat to up 7%. Exposure units, depending on the class of business, but is flat to up, no more than 5% typically. New business is still very competitive and seems to be actually a little softer in the northeast than Q1. There's still 10% to 15% pricing difference between new and renewal accounts. Construction GL and umbrellas in New York City continue to be tough. Monoline work comp in the city is very tough to place. We are seeing some New York City developers, though, that are becoming more active. And so we're going to see that roll through into the construction payrolls in the near future in the city. In the Midwest, property is typically up 5% to 10%. GL rates are down 5% to 10%. Now, property carriers or carriers that are writing that property are looking closely at the valuations as well, so limits are going up, and the rates are going up. So, if rates are going 5% to 10%, and then the limits are going up, they're getting a pretty healthy -- they can be getting a pretty healthy increase in premium dollars. Automobile is flat; work comps, up 2% to 3%; payrolls and sales are up about 5% to 8%. Midwest, regional and super-regionals continue to be the most aggressive. In the West, property, general liability and automobile are flat to up 5%; work comp rates are up 5% to 10%; exposure units are flat to up 5% on a very broad basis. And work comp in California and Arizona, they've continued to tighten. We're starting to see some signs of life in the construction industry in Arizona, some of the exposures on some of our contractors are up 5% to 15%. Regionals continue to be very aggressive in that part of the country as well. In the Northwest, Oregon and Washington, carriers continue to cut back on earthquake limits and increasing their price for that earthquake coverage. As a general statement in the Pacific Northwest, I think people are feeling better about the economy, but we're not seeing much new hiring. So people are doing more with the same amount of employees. On employee benefit side, on a small group basis, we're seeing rates probably up 8% to 12% and large group could be up 10-plus percent, depending on the experience. We're not seeing a lot of new bellybuttons added; once again, kind of flat number of employees. From a wholesale standpoint, we're up 10.8% versus up 8.8% in Q1. Binding authority, we're seeing slight exposure increases. Rates are up -- are flat to up 5%. Coastal rates are up, and inland is flat to potentially down. Liquor liability continues to harden and thus, bars and nightclubs continue to be under pressure, meaning going up. Habitational GL rates are also going up as well. On a brokerage standpoint, on property, coastal property, it's typically flat to up 5%. We are seeing some large accounts that are seeing rate decreases now for the first time. And then New Jersey and Long Island continues to present challenges for poor construction. As it relates to Citizens, we always get a couple of questions about that, if -- in Florida, if the building is older or not A-rated, meaning under $10 million of value, Citizens keeps it. If it's larger and A-rated, meaning over $10 million in value, the E&S market has a chance because it's now -- it's not total parity, but it's close. From a liability standpoint, rates are flat to up 5%. In the brokerage liquor market, liquor liability continues to harden as in the binding market, habitational rates are also going up. Professional Liability, private company D&O's up 5% to 10%, it's all driven by employment practices claims. Stand-alone employment practices coverage, these higher claims are leading to increasing retentions and at least a 10% increase. Non-real estate accounts are flat, real estate related is up 5% to 10%. Public company D&O is up 5% to 10% on the primary. On the excess layers, they're down 5% to 10% or even more percent. National Programs are up 18.3% versus 12.3%. Had a great quarter for Programs; we had some nice growth in a number of our programs. The big winners were in ARROWHEAD, so I want to say, way to go to Chris Walker and his team. We are hearing in the National Programs area about some downward pressure on reinsurance rates, but we're not seeing the primary carriers pass those decreases through yet. We hear it on the retail, on the brokerage side as well but, like I said, we haven't seen it yet pass -- be passed through to the primary carriers. On the Services side, we had 10% organic growth versus 62.8%. Obviously, in the first quarter, we had a big quarter with Colonial. I'll tell you in Q2, Colonial Claims did $2.4 million more in the second quarter than they did last year in the second quarter. So there was some things that rolled over from Sandy into Q2 that we did not anticipate, but that's -- those are pretty much closed now, but it was a good for order for Services. On an acquisition front, we're really pleased that the Beecher Carlson transaction is closed. Very excited to have the 400 teammates from Beecher Carlson join Brown & Brown. All of their teammates and leaders are right in the thick of it, servicing their clients. And we're writing a lot of new business. So we're excited about that. We continue to actively look for acquisition opportunities. And as you saw, we also closed another very fine acquisition in New York State 61, just outside New York City, Rollins. So, in conclusion, all carriers want rate, but the competitive pressures are moderating those rates more today than in Q1. Regionals continue to be very aggressive. The acquisition pipeline continues to be good, as I like to say. Last year, it was good, and a year from now, I think it'll be good. And so we continue to talk to lots of people. And when they sell and if they sell is up to them. But we look forward to talking to them. We continue to exist -- deliver for our existing clients and aggressively seek new business. So, with that said, I'd like to turn it back over to Kyle, and we'll start with our questions. Kyle?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the Wholesale Brokerage segment; can you talk a little bit about organic growth there? I think last quarter, you had mentioned some rate increases in moss-affected areas that helped contribute to the organic growth. Was that relevant again this quarter or was there something else in there?
J. Powell Brown: No, I'd say, Michael, the way I would focus on the wholesale arena is, as you know, you can have sometimes a little bit more violent swings in rates, up or down. But I would tell you that at this point in the cycle, it's more of a function of, one, there are accounts that sometimes are in the standard market and sometimes they're in the E&S market. I would tell you that -- we call those tweeners. Those tweener accounts are starting to move back towards -- away from standard market into E&S carriers and the wholesale markets. They typically look like a wholesale account, I would acknowledge that upfront. Number two, we're just aggressively out looking for and soliciting and getting a lot of new business. So you have -- the fact that you have a lot of new business, you have accounts that are moving across somewhat from standard markets that are typically E&S markets moving back to the E&S market, and we are getting a little help with the rate. But I would say that it's more just a function of that market expanding slightly and our ability to get more new business. Tony Strianese and his team's done a great job, they've done a really good job, a number of quarters. So we're really pleased with that 10.8%.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then in the National Programs business, just let me get a little bit more color. So you saw margins expand and, even with the contributions, it sounds like ARROWHEAD and ESIC contributed nicely to premiums. Can you talk about just the margins there and if you were to kind of peel those 2 out, what were the kind of legacy margins in that segment? And then maybe just give us a little more color on ARROWHEAD and ESIC in particular.
Cory T. Walker: Okay. So in the programs market, we've been able to enjoy 35-plus percent margins historically. And if you remember, when we acquired ARROWHEAD, they had a $40 million of EBITDA on $107 million of revenue. They've obviously grown a lot organically, which we're very pleased about, Chris Walker and his team. And the automobile aftermarket program that came in effective October 1 of last year, we said it was going to be $20 million to $25 million of revenue in the first year, and it was going to be about a 10% margin for the first 2 years and we have -- and then, it will move towards our historic margins. As it relates to the Everest program that we picked up on 5/1, we've said that that $7 million of revenue and haven't yet given any color around the margins but, ultimately, we would expect that to be in the traditional operating range of the rest of our programs.
Cory T. Walker: Now, one other item, just to clarify, on the National Programs, we did get -- we did receive $5.7 million of profit-sharing contingencies. And so that's obviously high margins. When you extract that, that probably added about $4.7 million to the EBITDA. So because of the automobile aftermarket that Powell was talking about, and that's considered net new business since it's -- it was like selling a brand new account, those margins are lower than what, historically, ARROWHEAD or the National Programs had. So when you extract the EBITDA impact of the profit-sharing contingencies, the margins on the rest of the business did actually shrink a little bit, primarily because of this lower margin business on the aftermarket, but we believe it will continue to grow over time to the segments on average.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, key point, Michael, 2 years, so October 1 of '12 it started. So 2 years from then, we think that business will start going up. But we're going to have some expansion just by growing the business organically. So we think there's 2 embedded positives.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the expense front, Cory, the E&O reserve and then the software licensing increase, are those going to persist in Q3 or thereafter?
Cory T. Walker: No. I think the -- well, first of all, on the E&O reserve, that's an item that can fluctuate each quarter and it depends on how the whole legal environment works in the cases that we have outstanding. So, looking at that as the net increase is really kind of not the right way to look at it. It's really -- it came about just because of an unusual quarter last year in 2012, where we had an $800,000 credit balance, okay. So, clearly, that's -- it's not -- what we saw this quarter is probably on average, it's only up because of that credit. From a standpoint of software licensing, that is a combination of some of the roll-in in acquisitions that we -- the fold-ins that we had and some increase in some of the software costs, so I don't think that would continue at that same level each quarter. But it will be, overall, up a little bit.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Then the $0.06 a share in the stock comp, how much of that is for Beecher, which I assume you would have incorporated into your guidance when you provided it? And then how much of the legacy plan expenses might be dropping off?
J. Powell Brown: Well, I can answer, Mark, the first one. About $0.013 on the first part of the question with Beecher, and that's meeting certain growth and profitability hurdles, which we feel good about, number one. And number two, Cory, are you referring to the expenses dropping off on old PSP?
Cory T. Walker: Right.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. Can you answer that?
Cory T. Walker: And that would just be a gradual amount; no big drop-offs in the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just ask about the margins. Again, you guys are showing tremendous improvement year-over-year in margins. And I think you've called out, the last couple of quarters including this one, some reasons why. But I guess this is more of an out-year-type question. Can you continue this trajectory or should we begin to see the year-over-years decelerate? I'm wrestling with whether you can get above historical averages as a corporation on the margin line, given how the mix is shifting.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, Greg, this is Powell. I was going to say, remember, if you've heard some of the last earnings calls, I've said that we and yours truly reserves the right to do whatever we think is necessary to grow the company organically and profitably. And so do we think we can have the margins go up; yes. If you notice, our goal, our next intermediate goal is $2 billion of revenue. There is not a margin component with that, and there's not a timeframe upon which we will accomplish that. But what we can say is that the margin's going to be good and we're going to be growing organically. And so we're very pleased with our organic growth. And as you saw with all of our businesses growing as they did, we had nice margin expansion. So we think that there's continued opportunity for improvement, but the most important thing is we grow and grow profitably.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, yes. And again, I mean, the one-off -- it's not one-off, it's actually the core businesses performing just super well. So I guess, we'll continue to kind of be conservative. But you guys are in a really good spot on the margin line, so, okay. The other thing is just the impact of -- you mentioned that the reinsurance market, you're seeing a little softening there, especially it sounds like in the large account side, but it's not passing through. But I think in your commentary, you mentioned it's not passing through yet. And so I'm just curious in your experience. How does this typically work when your reinsurance comes off, when you begin to feel that in the retail side?
Cory T. Walker: Well, let me clarify, Greg. I've only been doing this for 23 years. So unlike our Chairman, I don't have 60 years, 50-plus years to draw on, but I would say the following: when reinsurance rates go up or down, typically, they don't pass through right away. And so, if you're talking to a primary carrier, they're going to say, "We're bearing either more of that cost or less of that cost." And they can't pass it through, i.e. in an increase. So then, if they can't -- if they get a decrease, they don't want to pass it through as quickly. I would answer the question a little differently. What I would say is this: I think that the market, the rate market, is moderating already. I think that that will continue as a result of if primary carriers have downward pressure on reinsurance. I also think that if we do not have a large wind event this fall somewhere in the Gulf Coast, Florida or the Northeast, that the E&S market will flatten and potentially go down in terms of rate, slightly, starting January of next year. That's not a negative for Brown & Brown. We can still grow when we're doing that. The answer is it creates lots of opportunity for us to do a good job for not only our existing clients most importantly, but for new clients that we don't already have. So although some people say, "Wow, the rates are going down, so therefore, the rates have to -- reinsurance rates are going down and primary rates have to go down immediately," I believe there's always a lag. I think there are other external factors. I think that it's a very competitive environment and there's a lot of surplus. So it's not just the reinsurance issue, Greg, that's going to moderate rates further.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then, if I can sneak one last one in, just because you're sitting in the markets. Are you seeing Berkshire Hathaway yet?
J. Powell Brown: Yes.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: What are your thoughts on their initiative? And anything you can help us as we think through them in the market that you care to share would be great.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Greg. Yes, we are seeing -- they started really open for business on 7/1. They have a talented team of leaders. They have an unencumbered balance sheet. As I understand it, they don't have to buy reinsurance. So all of those things, in our opinion, will lead to good things over a long period of time. They're what I would -- we consider them and will consider them a good trading partner, already do. And they're growing, and we look forward to growing with them. But as it relates to specifics, they have done, I don't know, all the particulars, they've written some good accounts on 71 I understand. But I haven't seen them personally write much yet. But I think that in the coming months that I will and we will, so we look forward to it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Were audit premiums more positive in the second quarter versus the fourth or first quarter?
J. Powell Brown: I would say they're probably similar.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, okay. Is momentum building or is it still just slightly positive?
J. Powell Brown: I think that it's more -- I think it's more slightly positive. I think as I said in Q1, Adam, I think people generally feel better about the economy. But I think that people are cautiously optimistic about how they invest in their businesses. So, as I think I've said, the example I used in Q1, something close to this, if we need to buy a new $3 million machine, we may be reticent and may want to do some maintenance on that machine, rather than buy the brand-new machine and make sure that our business continues to grow as we anticipate a little longer before we go out and borrow the money to buy the $3 million machine. That's really what we're seeing. We're seeing uptick. If I made a broad statement, I think that you see sales outpacing payroll growth obviously. I can't tell you how much, but that's a broad statement. Some of the information that I shared this morning showed a similar, a one-for-one increase. Like in the West, the 5% to 8% -- I think the Midwest, 5% to 8% increase is up in sales and payrolls. I think most of the places around the country, though, there's a little bit of a divergence there. So sales are going to be up more than payrolls. People are slow to add new headcount. So we are starting to see, though, continued positive on audit premiums, yes.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then as far as ARROWHEAD, clearly, they've had strong performance. Which programs are growing? And is Zurich beginning to grow or is it a little too early for that to happen?
J. Powell Brown: Yes. The answer is we've been very pleased with some of our -- well, our earthquake programs and some personal property programs in that area. As you know, we'd had a change in the auto program from a prior carrier to Everest, so that's coming back online. And I would tell you that the Zurich is a great trading partner and we are working through a couple things that will help us enhance distribution in terms of they're totally committed to it, but I'm talking about ease of getting it gone and so we're working through that. So we haven't seen the growth yet organically that both groups would want, but we can see how to achieve it and we're working towards that.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And one last question. Organic in the benefits, was that better or not as good as the overall organic in the retail area?
J. Powell Brown: Organic, yes, we don't break out the difference on benefits and other than benefits. But I would say that the growth in benefits was good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Byrnes of Janney Capital Markets.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just one quick question on the -- obviously, the Retail organic growth showed solid promise or growth this quarter. Just trying to figure out, were there any kind of one-timers in there? And then secondly, obviously, it showed nice improvement quarter-over-quarter. Should we expect that further in the back half of the year?
J. Powell Brown: Number one, relative to Retail, we're very pleased with the performance, and Charlie Lydecker and the team has done a great job. And as you remember in Q1, Ryan, we said that Retail operates in a range. Q4 of last year, we did 5.4% organic in Retail. Q1, we did 80 bps. Now we've done 2.3%. Our budgets see that Retail can improve over the year, but until we deliver it, we don't believe it. And so I like to say show me first. And so we're out trying to grow our Retail business which, as you know, is now on a run rate about 57% of our revenue whereas it was 54% last year. And as the economy continues to grow, the middle-market economy, you're -- we believe that we will see more positive growth in Retail, so we feel good about it.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And my last one is can you -- is it possible to break out the revenue coming from the Zurich and Everest programs in the quarter?
J. Powell Brown: No, but we could tell you what it is on an annual basis because some of it is lumpy -- and I shouldn't say lumpy -- but we haven't gone through an entire year. What I would tell you is Zurich is $20 million to $25 million annually and Everest is $7 million annually.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff from Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. One, the contingents were a little bit higher than we thought, Cory or Powell, I'm not sure who wants to take this. But what is your sense of how the annual contingent number will look sort of over time? Should we expect sort of the levels that we've seen in 1Q, 2Q? And then I think, Cory, you articulated what you expect for 3Q and 4Q; is that a level that should be sustained assuming no big changes in losses?
J. Powell Brown: I think there's 2 ways to look at it, Brett. I think that's a fair assumption with a caveat, and the caveat would be certain carriers were asked nicely to change to guaranteed supplemental commissions, and some of those that went to GSCs have now reverted back. And in the reversion or reverting back, they -- you always want to know exactly how those contracts actually work. And so the way people have contingency or profit-sharing contracts might change. We don't know something, that's not like -- I'm not trying to lead you to something, but I'm saying if, in fact, carriers change the way they pay those amounts, we would -- we don't anticipate that, but it's an important part of our business and we think about it a lot. And we think it aligns our interests and the insured's interest in our carrier partners. And we think that we can continue to do a better job in growing that; that's a goal of ours.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, were there any onetime costs associated with the acquisition in 2Q numbers; any closing costs or anything like that?
J. Powell Brown: Nothing material.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last question from me. Powell, you talked a little bit about rates in your overview of the different regions. But, in particular, can you just tell us again how Florida units are looking? I think you said flat to up 5%. Any additional detail there, just given how much of your revenue comes out of Florida?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, sure. Here's the way I would break it out. If you go to Southwest Florida, that's Naples, the Sarasota, the economy is still slow. Actually, it's just kind of bumping along actually. If you go to Boca Raton on the East Coast to Miami, it's white hot. Construction, all kinds of things being sold, all kinds -- there's a lot of activity. If you go to Orlando and you talk to contractor in Orlando, and the contractors in Orlando are generally starting to see good pipelines. Now I qualify that, remember, pre-slowdown, that 18 months of backlog, today, that's 9 months to 12 months. You talk to a contractor, they feel good about it. But remember, if you had 2 years or 18 months, and it's only 12 months now, we -- they don't feel as good. They feel better, but they don't feel as good. In the North, from Jacksonville across the Panhandle, I would tell you that generally, business is better. So the mindset of Floridians is very positive. It actually is always positive. But we know in Florida that we have a fine state, we have tax-advantaged state relative to personal income tax, and we know then when all, you all, are up there in the wintertime working hard in New York City and far-off places in the North at 4:30 in the afternoon on a Thursday in February, it is going to be cold and dark. And we know that it's going to be sunny and warm and probably 72 in Florida. So people are going to be coming to Florida in the future. And if anybody on the call wants to buy some real estate or insure something in Florida, we could help you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I don't know if this is a question for Powell or for Cory, but can you talk about the margin compression in the Services unit? Is that related to the extra claim activity at Colonial?
J. Powell Brown: I'm sorry, could you repeat the very last -- extra of what claim? What was the last part of the question?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just the activities of [indiscernible]
J. Powell Brown: No. Yes. No, it wasn't. What we've got is we had -- if you remember, we have -- in Services, we have 2 large work comp TPAs, 2 Medicare set-aside companies, 1 Social Security disability advocacy firm and 1 specialty flood claims business. So, in Q1, we had, obviously, a really big quarter. And two, this quarter, it's just like anything else, some of the business in some of those -- the revenue in some of those businesses comes in, sometimes, it's not as predictable. And so there could be expenses incurred in Q2 that there's not an offsetting revenue yet, but that revenue may come in next quarter. And so that's -- there's no magic to it, Meyer. I don't
Cory T. Walker: And, Meyer, there's 2 small things. First of all, on the Claims Management, the margins shrunk a little bit because of the revenue of aberration and you can't remove costs as quickly as the revenues moved in that, and that's a little bit of that. The second thing is on our Social Security disability. They have been staffing up a little bit more and some additional cost, as they are planning to grow in some of the individual marketplace, and so their costs have increased slightly. So overall, there's only about margin compression of maybe $800,000 in that particular segment for the quarter over the previous year's quarter. So it's those 2 major areas.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That was very helpful. From a different perspective, are you seeing any change in loss cost trend or loss cost inflation rates?
J. Powell Brown: It -- the answer is, on a broad statement, no. Are we seeing that in regions; yes. And carriers are addressing it differently in different regions, but on a broad basis, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up, if I could. I'm just looking at Retail. So the last couple of quarters, you've had decent organic growth, but margins actually either outpacing or very close to that level. How should we think about the relationship there? I mean, is that -- what level of growth in Retail do you think you need in order to continue to generate margin improvement?
J. Powell Brown: Well, Michael, what we've said basically is we can expand our margin when we have organic growth. Now, having said that, last year, as you remember, we had a onetime sales incentive that was an income event. That income event, as you know, was an additional 5% paid to retail producers who grew their book of 5% or more over the prior year. And so we had a potential expense of up to $12.8 million. And personally, Cory and I both wanted to pay the $12.8 million. We ended up paying out $6.8 million. 53% of our producers participated in that payout and we were very pleased with the results. And we have said that if we knew what we knew now then, we would have done it exactly the same way. Having said that, we do not have that $5-point-million expense in there and as we've said earlier, that -- and I like to say that I reserve the right to do what we think is necessary to grow the business in any way we see fit organically and profitably. Thus, we have input or installed a new wealth creation mechanism, that's the new SIP grants. And so, once again, that's a performance over a multiyear period that producers and others can participate in, which creates wealth as opposed to income. And so the answer is I know there are other firms that say, "Well, when we grow x, we have y expansion." And we are not really saying you've got to get this point. The way I want you to think of it, Michael, is barring unusual expenses, we can have margin expansion when we grow our business organically. The more rapidly we grow our business organically, the better chance we have to rapidly expand our margins.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one last one, I guess. On the grants, you mentioned the July 1 grants. Have you talked about the sort of metrics or the hurdles that either the company or the Beecher unit needs to achieve in order for those incentives to pay out? Have you discussed that?
J. Powell Brown: Yes. Look, well, the answer is we haven't gone into the specifics as it relates to the Beecher. But suffice it to say that they have to grow dramatically on the top and bottom line to get that, hit those payouts, which we fully think they're capable of doing and hope that they will, number one. Number two, as it relates to the traditional SIP grants, remember, they're a 5-year measurement period which, whether you're a producer, you are a leader of a business unit or an office or a group of offices or you're a senior leader, everybody has a component of that: 50% for producers and leaders; 100% for the senior leadership, where it's on earnings per share growth, that's 5% -- I mean, sorry, 7.5% compounded annually over a 5-year period. As it relates to the producers and the leaders in offices and multiple offices, they have 50% of their grant based on either personal production, as in a producer, or as a leader on growing the business organically and -- meaning the organic growth and operating profit growth. So that's typically the way the measurement periods work on SIP grants, the -- and also on the Beecher grants.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just had a couple of quick questions. So, just in terms of the organic growth, aside from the Colonial Claims businesses quarter, was there any kind of onetime items that you would point to that we shouldn't expect to continue?
J. Powell Brown: No. No, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just within Retail, it seems that some of the questions that you're kind of are looking for that to continue to improve throughout this year. I know last quarter, you had pointed to seeing the full year organic growth for '13 about and to exceed last year's growth number. Would you still say that that's the case as well?
J. Powell Brown: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the Programs front, in terms of we've seen, obviously, some growth on the Everest and Zurich programs coming online. Are you guys looking at potential additional programs from here that you can potentially speak to similar in nature that we might see in the near term?
J. Powell Brown: Well, Elyse, the short answer is I wish that we did. And I know that we've been asked before is this a trend and I'd like to say that it would someday become a trend. But at the present time, I would want you and everyone else to think of the 2 businesses that we have picked up in automobile aftermarket and the Everest as onetime events. And so, if we're fortunate enough to pick up others, then I still think that's a bonus. But the short answer to your question is no, there's nothing pending. Would we like something to be in the pipe? Sure. But these are very unusual. That doesn't mean that we're not talking to people and we'll always talk to people, but that's not different than any other time in our evolution. But I would think of those 2 as isolated onetime events. We need to grow our business in programs organically, just like we're doing in the other parts of our business, which we are, and we're excited about it. And we think that there's some neat opportunities going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I have 2 questions. Well, this is really the same question, but where are we in terms of total commission volume generated by the State of Florida compared to where we were in 2007? And then what does that mean? It's hard to figure out with the M&A and everything, but what does that mean for the total commission pool outside of Florida?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. Let me -- I don't have the 2007 number right here in front of me, but I'm going to be pretty close. And I'm going to look at Cory. I would tell you that $333 million of revenue last year out of the $1.2 billion were in Florida. Of that number, about $168 million was Retail. That means that the others were in Programs, Services and Wholesale. That Retail business, not all of that is domiciled accounts in Florida. They could be produced -- they could be accounts in Seattle, Washington, handled by offices in Florida. Although that doesn't happen that often, it's very possible, number one. So the Services business is not nearly as contingent upon the economic swings in commission levels. The Wholesale business is. You've got exposures and going back and forth, accounts from both sides of standard markets to wholesale and wholesale to standard markets. And then in Programs, a lot of that business is all around the country. So I think the biggest probably indicator would be what our total revenue in Retail was in 2007. And so, if I had to guess, and this is a guess, I would want to check this, pretty good guess, but $147 million. If I had to guess, it's somewhere between $147 million
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Again, what was the 2012 number you said?
J. Powell Brown: $168 million.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so still, we're still -- I guess, I think in aggregate, if I had trends for about M&A, I think we're slightly behind in total commissions generated from where we would be, I guess, in 2007. Where do you think that sort of the missing gap is in terms of growth? And how long do you think it would take you to sort of fill in those gaps?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So I know you know, Josh, that we had $188 million evaporate between 2007 and 2011. So that's -- as we know, that's bigger than a lot of firms out there, most firms. And so in places like Florida, if this is a Florida-specific question, I would point to -- the first area I'd point to is every office that writes construction business. And one of the reasons we try to give that nuance around construction is we kind of believe Florida is a little bit of a service-based economy and it's a little bit of the field of dreams, a little bit. It's you will build it and they will come. As the economy slowed down, they stopped building and, therefore, people stopped coming. They stopped coming and then, therefore, they stopped building. Now we're starting to see that uptick in building. And so you can have accounts that were x before in 2007 that went down to 0.3 of x, so 30% of what they were. And now they could be 55% of x. So are they incrementally better? Sure, we think that they're healthier. But it's going to take potentially some time for them to get back, if they get back to that number. And some of those people went out of business. So do we think about are we behind? I think that's a matter of opinion. Are we happy that the business went down $188 million? No. Did that impact other businesses? Yes. Do we think that we're positioned well to grow with our clients as they grow in their middle-market endeavors and upper-middle market? Yes. Are we writing a lot of new business? Yes. Are our margins expanding? Yes. So we feel like a lot of those indicators, Josh, are all pointing towards good things, as opposed to thinking, "Well, we're behind." Well, by the way, on a combined basis, if you took last year's revenue with Beecher, we'd be at $1.3 billion and if you put $188 million on top, we'd be just under $1.5 billion. That's a wishful concept, but we believe that we're going to continue to grow organically with our existing clients and meet their needs and write a lot of new business, which translates into good organic growth.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is your market share today higher than it was in 2007 for the State of Florida?
J. Powell Brown: I would say the answer -- I don't know the answer to that. I would say incrementally, yes. We don't think about market share. We think about revenue dollars, because we can only invest revenue dollars back into our business by hiring and retaining and rewarding top people, quality people across the entire platform and investing in new agencies.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn it back over to Mr. Powell Brown for any closing or final remarks.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Kyle. We'd like to thank everybody today. We were very proud of our performance in Q2, and we look forward to talking to you after our Q3 performance. Hope you have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Cory T. Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Al Copersino Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Management
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. 2013 First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including those relating to the company's anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2013. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities law. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties, and may differ materially in those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including the company's determination as it finalizes its financial results for the first quarter of 2013 that is financial results differ from these current preliminary unaudited numbers set forth in the press release issued yesterday, other factors that the company may not have currently identified or quantified, and those risks and uncertainties identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any intention or obligation to the update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Powell Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Celia. Good morning, everyone. We're very pleased with our 10.2% organic growth in Q1. This shows the contributions of all of our divisions and our consolidated margins expanded, and it shows we believe a positive trend for the future. Now I'd like to turn it over to Cory for our financial report.
Cory T. Walker: Thanks, Powell. We did have a very, very good quarter, and our net income for the first quarter of 2013 was $60.1 million, and that's up 21.6% over last year. Correspondingly, our net income per share was $0.41, and that's 20.6% over the $0.34 we earned last year. Now if you draw a line through the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, which was an expense of $1.5 million versus 388 last year, we really made $0.42, and that's compared to $0.34, which is really a 23.5% increase. So very nice. From a revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 12.6% to $333 million, and that's up from the $296.5 million we earned last year. And of course, as always, in our press release, we have a table that summarizes our total growth rates and the internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees, and that excludes our profit-sharing contingent commissions, as well as our guaranteed supplemental commission, the GSCs. For the quarter, we received $25 million of profit-sharing contingent commissions, and that's approximately $818,000 more than we earned last year in the first quarter. If you look at the breakdown of that $818,000, our Retail division increased their profit-sharing contingent commission by $3.7 million, and the wholesale brokerage division increased theirs by $500,000. Those are both as a result of basically better loss ratios from our insurance carriers. And on top of that, the impact from the Superstorm Sandy really was not as big of an impact as we had feared. Now those increases then were offset by $3.8 million in less profit-sharing contingent commissions in our National Programs division, and that's primarily due to our Proctor Financial operations. Looking at how much profit-sharing contingent commissions we're going to receive for the rest of the year, based on kind of what we've seen so far and what we've talked to our carriers about, we think we will receive about $17 million to $20 million more of contingent commissions through the next 3 quarters. Now on an estimate of kind of where that's going to fall out, we think that we might receive between $5 million to $6 million in the second quarter, $10 million to $11 million in the third quarter and then maybe another $2 million to $3 million in the fourth quarter. Now, additionally, we did accrue in the first quarter this year $2.2 million of GSCs, and that's about $370,000 less than the $2.6 million that we accrued the first quarter of 2012. And of course, this reduction is in line with the fact that several carriers that used to pay us GSCs have switched their contracts back to profit-sharing contingent commissions, and so we'll -- that accrual basis of about $2.2 million should probably carry forward for the next 3 quarters. Now looking at the internal growth schedule. We did have a very nice a positive internal growth rate of 10.2%. For the first quarter of 2013, our total core commissions and fees increased 14.5% to $38.8 million of net additional core commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $11.5 million of acquired revenues, and that means that we had $27.3 million more commissions and fees on the same-store sales basis, and the most important aspect of that is that all 4 of our divisions had positive internal growth, and Powell will get into the activity of each of those business segments in a minute. Looking at our investment income, it was relatively flat relative to 2012. Our other income decreased by $4.8 million, and that was due to the fact that we had -- in last year's first quarter, we had $3.1 million of gains on certain sales of books of businesses. And we also had last year $2.2 million of settlements from the enforcement of our non-piracy agreements, both of those which did not reoccur this quarter. Jumping down and looking at our pretax margin for the first quarter of 2013. It was 29.7%, and that's compared to last year's first quarter pretax margin of 27.4%. Our employee compensation and benefits as a percent of total revenue was 47.6%, and that's a decrease from the 49.5% cost factor in the first quarter of 2012. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation and benefits was approximately $9.9 million. That's about a 6.6% increase, of which about $2.2 million of that was attributable to just new standalone acquisitions. Therefore, when you exclude the impact of the standalone acquisitions, we had about $7.7 million of additional compensation, and it's kind of on a semi-same-store sales basis because that does include some of the fold-in acquisitions. Of this increase, $800,000 was due to new salaries or salaries because of new producers. $4.7 million was due to increased compensation to our commission producers, as well as our staff compensation. There was a $900,000 increase due to the increased profit center bonuses and other bonuses. And that includes the effects from the $1.3 million that we accrued last year that were related to the 5% bonus program for our retail commission producers. And then we also had an additional $700,000 of additional pay order tax because of the increased compensation. Our noncash stock-based compensation went up slightly by approximately $103,000, and that was due to a few new grants in the month of January this year. In the current quarter, our other operating expenses decreased as a percentage of total revenues by 50 basis points to 13.8%, and that's down from a 14.3% ratio in the first quarter of last year. Other operating expenses increased, dollar wise, $2.9 million or 6.8%. If you exclude the standalone acquisitions, that added about 800 -- about $588,000 of new costs, and therefore, on the existing same-store offices, we had a net increase of expense of about $2.4 million. This net increase related primarily to $1.2 million of additional insurance inspection and service fee expenses as a result of net new businesses that we wrote this year -- this quarter, $900,000 of it was additional cost for data processing software licensing fees. There was $800,000 on just foreign currency exchanges from our London operation. Now we did have other miscellaneous expenses that increased across -- kind of across the board, but those were effectively offset by $1.4 million decline in our legal expenses, as well as our claims and settlement reserve accounts. Now since I've gone through the other operating expenses, if you look at the income statement, last year, we had total revenues of $302 million. We had employee compensation and benefit cost of $149.6 million. We had noncash stock-grant compensation of $3.7 million and other operating expenses of $43.4 million. When you deduct those from total operating profit, I mean, from the total revenues, that gave us an EBITDA of about $105.7 million, and so our EBITDA margin in the first quarter of last year was 35%. That same comparable analysis in the first quarter of 2013, we ended up with an EBITDA margin of 37.4%. As we've talked in previous quarters, you can reconcile with the schedules that we give you the reconciliation from the $302 million of total revenues last year's to the $335 million this year, of which if you look at the internal growth schedule, we had acquisitions revenues of $11.5 million. If you look at our standalone acquisitions, the average EBITDA impact of those acquisitions were about 33.9% margins. Our contingencies, which went up a net of about $448,000, that came in roughly at about 83.5% EBITDA impact. Our investment and other income went down about $4.7 million, and that's at a 100% EBITDA. And then if you look at our organic growth of $27.2 million, that came in at somewhere at 50% or maybe a little bit more, and our sold business was $1.991 million, and that's -- those all reconcile -- those are reconciling differences to take the revenues to the current quarter of $335 million. When you determine the impact of the EBITDA on each one of those changes, you're left with about $7.4 million of increased EBITDA, which is basically showing that our EBITDA margin increased. I mentioned that because when you get the Q, which will be filed in a few weeks, you'll be able to do that same analysis as we've talked about in each of the business segments, and I want to highlight specifically the Retail division. Last year, in the first quarter, our EBITDA margin for the Retail division was 34.8%. When you go through that same revenue recognition, reconciliation, our margin -- EBITDA margin for the first quarter of 2013 went up to 35.9%. So our Retail division's margins increased by 1.1% on simply an 80 basis points increase of operating profit. So I think that's an important concept to keep in mind when you look at our internal growth there. Now continuing on to our amortization and depreciation line item in aggregate. It was up a little over $1 million, and that was basically due to new acquisitions. Our interest expense decreased by $103,000, and that's because our -- we have -- our average debt outstanding was down about $550,000 from last year this time. We kind of mentioned that our change in acquisition earn-out payable was a debit this quarter of $1.5 million versus a credit last year in the first quarter of $388,000. So the swing there is almost $1.9 million of GAAP expense charge. Our effective tax rate for 2013 is currently expected to run about 39.6%, and I think that's a good number to use in the future 3 quarters. So really, to conclude, we ended up with our net income of $60.1 million, which was a nice increase to $21.6 million, and it is the most net income that we've ever earned in any one quarter. So we consider it a very good quarter and look forward to a good rest of the year. So with that, over to you, I'll turn it back to Powell.
J. Powell Brown: Thanks, Cory, great report. In our Retail division, we were up 80 basis points versus 5.6% in Q4. In South Florida, property carriers are looking for 10% rate increases, but they're not getting it typically. On good accounts, they're getting 2% to 5%, maybe 7% on accounts that have loss problems. It's more than that. GL rates and automobile rates in the South Florida are flat to up 5%, and exposure units, both payrolls and sales in South Florida, on average, are flat to up 5%. In Central to North Florida, property rates can be down 2% to up 4% or 5%. And in particular, RMS 11 continues to have impact on properties on the spine in turning down the spine in the state of Florida, meaning more rate pressure. GL rates are 0 to 5%. Auto is up 2% to 6%. We're not seeing a net new autos put on the schedules. We're seeing new exchanged for old vehicles. Payrolls for workers' compensation are flat to up 5%. Carriers are obviously pushing much harder for profitability today. Some are re-underwriting their books. There's lots of underwriting questions, and specifically, in the toughest work comp classes, we're seeing more consent to rate. In the Southeast United States, excluding Florida, we're seeing property rates up 3% to 8%. GL is flat. Auto and work comp are 0 to up 5%. Exposure units are flat to up 2% to 3% to 4% to 5%. We're seeing a lot more pressure on habitational accounts. That's both the property rate and GL, specifically thinking about 2-storey frame, garden-style apartments. Work comp carriers are removing discretionary credits. We're seeing pressure on wind deductibles in coastal areas, and the coastal Carolinas are seeing more pressure on property rates in the standard market. Texas and Oklahoma, the property and liability rates are generally up 5% to 10%. Automobile is flat to up slightly. Work comp is up. It's flat to up 10%. Exposure units are flat to up 5%. In some payroll and worker's compensation, it might be up to 10%. Interestingly enough, there's some current legislation in Oklahoma that if it passes through their legislature, it could change their work comp system. It would create an opt-out system similar to that in Texas. Texas is the only state in the country that has that option, which is an opt-out system, and we happen to write a large -- a lot of that business in Texas as well. In the Northeast, property rates upstate New York, are up 0 to 5%. And New Jersey, around New York City and Long Island, the property rates are up 5% to 10%, and we'll come back to that, more on that in a moment. GL rates, nonconstruction are flat. Auto is down slightly to up slightly. We're seeing again new exchange for old, and work comp rates are 5% to 10% up, and exposure units are typically flat. Carriers want a 5% to 10% -- I'm sorry, a 5% to 8% rate increase, but they're getting much lower than that. Carriers and capacity are tightening on wind in Long Island, New Jersey and New York City. Coastal areas in New Jersey, those within several miles of the coast, meaning 5 to 8 miles, are seeing 2% wind deductibles, which is a change from flat deductibles. So maybe a $25,000 deductible now goes to a 2% wind deductible or something like that. Flood, lots of changes in the flood space. The deductibles that were, as an example, maybe $25,000, are doubling to $50,000. Some carriers in the standard market are just plain deciding that they're not going to renew the properties, so they're not renewing the property, and it's moving from a standard market into the E&S market. Construction GL rates in New York City continue to go up 10-plus percent. In the Midwest, property rates are flat to up 5%. GL, down slightly to up 5%. Auto is flat to down, and work comp is up 5% to 7%. Exposure units are flattish, they can be up in some instances. Carriers, Midwest are typically looking for about a 10% rate, but they're not getting it. Health care exposures are down in the health care space. Manufacturing exposures are up. Regional carriers, as I've talked about in a number of times, continue to be the most aggressive in the Midwest. On the West Coast, property, 0 to 5% up. GL is 0 to 5%. Auto is flat. Work comp is continuing to be a challenge. It's hardening up, not only in California, but in Oregon and in Arizona. The exposure units for workers' compensation and GL typically are flat as well. In Oregon, you were seeing quake limits that are getting lower, meaning, they're reducing the quake limits offered and the rates are doubling. In our employee benefits businesses, small group rates are up 7% to 15%, and large group rate is -- large group rates are up 10% to 12%. Exposure units, meaning, number of insured lives or individuals, is typically flat to up slightly. In our wholesale business, we are up 8.8% versus 8.3%. In the binding authority, I would call it a mixed bag, meaning, rates are up slightly in some accounts and down on others. For example, good property in Florida is down slightly. Older construction, cat-exposed property is up 7% to 10%. Casualty rates are class-driven, so vanilla risks are flat to down. Conversely, habitational, which we talked about earlier, liquor liability, bars and nightclubs, rates are going up. We're seeing in the construction segment and Binding Authority, we're seeing some new projects come online so that's encouraging. On the brokerage component, these are property rates now. In coastal Texas, we're seeing rates flat to up 5%, but inland, there's -- they're looking for more rate with higher deductibles on non-named wind and hail. In Florida, rates in E&S are 0 to 3%. Flood deductibles are going to specific wearying. In the Carolinas, it's the softest and that always is because of the involvement of the standard market there. In Long Island and New Jersey and New York City, in the wholesale space, we're calling it a brave new world. Lots of people are stepping back from frame habitational business, increases in price of maybe 10-plus percent, with changes in terms and conditions. Flood limits are being cut. It's potentially not offered by some carriers and much higher prices on flood. In liability, GL rates are flat to up 5%. Exposures are up 5% to 10%. Umbrellas are flat to up 10%. Products liability account and construction rates could be down as much as 5% to 15%, meaning, negative 5% to negative 15%. As I said earlier, nightclubs and liquor liabilities tightening. Professional Liability area, real estate E&O is up 5% to 10%. Retentions are up on that business and miscellaneous E&O rates are flat to down slightly. Lawyers liability is flat to down. D&O and EPL on private companies, up 5% to 10%. That increase is driven primarily because of the poor loss experience on employment practices claims and in the states of Florida, Texas and California, those combined policies are up more like 15% to 20% because of the experience. Public company D&O on financial institutions' primaries are down 5%. Excess is typically flat and on non-FI business, the rates are flat. In national programs, national programs performed very nicely in Q1. ARROWHEAD's operations were included in organic growth, along with the automobile aftermarket. As many of you saw the announcement that we picked up, a program from Everest, effective 4/1, which will contribute roughly $7 million of revenue in the next 12 months, starting next month, May. Now someone laughed, "What was the contribution of the automobile aftermarket?" And I would say that it's $7.2 million. And the same person that asked that question would say, "Well, in actuality, are you down $600,000 in national programs?" And I would say, "It's a matter of perspective." We have a program, of which we moved from another carrier to Everest, which is the wheels program. And in that transition, there was a period of time in the first quarter where we could not write wheels in certain states with that other carrier so we were actually down $2 million of revenue in that program. And so once again, as you saw on 4/1, we picked up the program with Everest, which is the risk bearer on the wheels program, which we're very excited about that partnership, and so in actuality, all of the other programs performed quite well. But the thing that makes those numbers not exactly look right at face value is we had a $2 million dip, $2.1 million to be exact, because of the change from one carrier to Everest in Q1, and we anticipate that picking back up now that we have our partnership with Everest. From a services standpoint, we're up 62.8% versus 11%. Colonial Claims had a very, very busy quarter, and we thank everybody on the Colonial Claims team. They were up quarter-over-quarter about $16.2 million in terms of revenues. The impact that someone would ask in Q2 will be nominal. The 2012 Q2, we did $625,000. In 2013, our budget is $600,000. So is there a possibility that some claims could be finalized? Sure, but the vast majority of the claims have been finalized, and we are down into wrap-up mode. From an acquisition standpoint, the first quarter was slow from an acquisition standpoint, as we said, and we believe it's a bit of a hangover from the end of 2012 and the tax changes that were implemented. We continue to look at a large number of transaction, but we're ever vigilant about our cultural fit. So we're talking to people all the time, and as many of you heard me say; some days, it's a little bit like fishing. Some days, the fish are biting. In some days, the fish are not biting, but we're always fishing. In conclusion, I'd like to make a couple of comments kind of around the horn. Here in Florida, citizens is seemingly acting more rationally. There are rumors of rate increases on A-rated buildings. Those are buildings over $10 million in TIV. On 61 or 71 around the country, the gap between new business and renewal business is 15% to 20%. It's something that we've talked about, and it continues to be a widening gap. There are carriers that would like to drive rate on their renewal book, but continue to be very, very aggressive on their new business book. Those that are seemingly the most aggressive around the horn would be regionals. As you've heard me talk about in the Midwest, there are a lot of very fine A-rated regional companies that we do business with that continue to be very aggressive, and some of those operate in other areas of the country, and some are based in other areas of the country, but I would tell you that those regionals are -- can be very aggressive. As I said earlier, acquisitions, we're slow in Q1 across the industry, not only just at Brown & Brown, but as I like to say when asked about our inventory, it's good. And I'd end by saying, we are seeing some or one, in particular, large carrier that are selectively picking off and writing cat property accounts around the country, but they have to be very specific, and so that's kind of a potpourri of comments. Now Celia, I'd like to turn it back to you to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Powell, just one question on growth. I think you mentioned kind of tough comps in the first quarter in terms of retail organic. Just trying to get an idea of what kind of led to that? And was there anything as opposed to 1Q '12 and 1Q '13, whether it's lumpiness or anything like that, that caused the comps to be different? And then we'll start there.
J. Powell Brown: Perfect. All right, Michael, good morning. I would tell you, just by background, last year, '12, our organic good growth in retail was 1.6%. And so we believe, starting in Q3, the trend is moving up. So we operate in a band kind of -- in all of our businesses, but we're specifically talking about retail. In the first quarter of this year, there were several nonrecurring revenue items that we're -- I'm specifically talking about life insurance. We are not a huge life insurance writer, although we do write some chunky life insurance business on occasion around the horn. And we have several offices, 3 or 4, that specialize in it. But I'm saying as a general statement across the system, we don't write a ton of it, and so we identified at least $1.1 million worth of nonrecurring life revenue in Q1 this year versus last year. I'd also say that the EBITDA margin, as Cory talked about, is up 1.1%, which we're very pleased about. Michael, what you may have heard me say in the past is that we believe the Retail business is a low- to mid-single-digit organic growth engine with a normal operating economy. And so we've always said that we are a proxy for the middle market economy, which is the distinction over the overall economy. And so as we continue to see that improve, we think that will improve our prospects for internal growth in retail. I would also tell you that we believe that our -- well, our budget, plainly not we believe, our budget shows that our internal growth for retail should improve each quarter throughout the year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, on the margin side, I'm just trying to understand. So with organic, you mentioned a point that margins were higher even though -- actually, margin improvement in basis point is better than top line organic growth. Just trying to understand, what are the levers that you're able to pull in order to accomplish that? And how much better can margins get from here with that sort of kind of low mid-single-digit organic increase? I'm just trying to get an understanding on the operating side, yes.
J. Powell Brown: We understand. And as you know, we have always been a relatively efficient operation as compared to our other publicly held peers. And so there's never been an area where there's been high amounts of efficiencies or globs of fat that you can just cut out. Our efficiency comes from the fact that each one of our office is decentralized, and they look at what they can do better each year. And so in our case, with the retail specifically, the leverage -- we already got -- already have an efficient operation so when a dollar of new revenue comes in simply because that the exposure units goes up or the rates go up and creates that new dollar, you heard me -- heard us say that we don't have to buy another piece of paper or pencil. We do have to pay 20% to our producer if it's a renewal dollar that comes in. We may have to pay another 12% of bonuses to the profit center, and there may be $0.04 or $0.05 of extra frictional cost. So essentially, on that $1, there may be $0.40 on that first incremental dollar. And now over the last 3 or 4 years, where we've had negative internal growth, our offices all had to become more efficient. And so when somebody may have retired or left, they maybe didn't replace that person. Now at some point in the future, when things look better, each office will decide independently whether or not they need to hire that next person. So that incremental dollar improvement, what I showed you is 60%, is not going to continue on for every dollar in the future. But at some point, it will be a stepped-up approach, and so -- but right now, that incremental 60% is falling to the bottom line on our Retail division. And I think you can see it in the numbers this quarter when we only had an 80 basis points internal growth, and yet a 1.1% growth. So it happens naturally, and I don't want to be cute about it, but I'd tell you that does show the beauty and the efficiency of a decentralized organization and the fact that the people that we have on our Retail division specifically are just outstanding leaders and outstanding people. And I think that's the most important concept to view when you're looking at our company, and it is a company that's built to last and we continue to try to improve every quarter, and I think that margins are showing that this particular quarter. So I hope that answers your question.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one more, is retention improving, like, are you seeing this with the environment in kind of low-mid-single-digit rate increases? Are you seeing your ability to hang onto accounts longer, like, so retention, helping to support organic a bit more? Is that starting to come through or are you not seeing it?
J. Powell Brown: Well, our retention rates are historical norms. I would tell you that I had several conversations over the last week with leaders of our businesses about those that we saw for a period of time, a number of businesses go out of business. And so what we're seeing now, we're not seeing as many go out of business, but in certain areas of the country, those that have been weakened by the economy, we're seeing those that are -- they may have more incentive to merge or be sold because they've been sort of, I hate to say this, but they've been wounded. It's been a tough go, and so we're seeing a little of that. But generally speaking, our retention levels are at the historical norms.
Operator: And we'll go next to Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: When I look at the 10% organic growth in the quarter, how much of that was from the flood-related -- claims related to Sandy? I think, last quarter, you have predicted that would be about 2.5 points, and I want to see where that ultimately shook out. And what about the ARROWHEAD acquisition as well, how much does that contribute?
Cory T. Walker: Sarah, out of the total internal growth dollars that we had, we ended up at $27.3 million for the quarter. $16.2 million of that came directly from Colonial Claims, okay? And from the national programs, we had total internal growth dollars of $6.6 million. Of that, as Powell had mentioned to you, the automobile aftermarket was about $7.4 million, but then ARROWHEAD, we don't break out -- ARROWHEAD is now just lumped in so we don't talk about ARROWHEAD in total. But the various components of ARROWHEAD, the vast majority of the programs had positive internal growth, but that was offset by that $2.1 million drop in the wheels program. Now in addition -- so the other -- all the other ARROWHEAD programs grew nicely in their own right. We had one ARROWHEAD program that was off about $187,000. Now the other programs within national programs that had a slight decline is that Proctor Financial was down about $636,000 over last year, and that was primarily due to the fact that the lender-placed ratios are going down because as foreclosed properties are kind of working through this system, there are less policies being put into the lender play's pot, and so that is the cause of most of that decline. The good thing at Proctor is, is that they've got a lot very good new business activity going, and of course, they've not lost any of their clients. And so over the next 12-month period, we believe that Proctor will continue to grow nicely. The other programs are all doing pretty well. So it was just the wheels program that had the negative in national programs.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I guess what I'm trying to get at is how should we think about what normalized organic growth was this quarter?
J. Powell Brown: Well, if you look at the internal growth rate and you take out the automobile aftermarket, which to me is a brand-new account, it will continue, but it's -- if you take that out and if you take out Colonial Claims, which for the most part, unless there's another large claim, will be kind of back to flat normal, but if you exclude those 2, our consolidated internal growth rate was about 1.4%.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: For the total company?
J. Powell Brown: For the total company.
Cory T. Walker: The automobile aftermarket is an ongoing business.
J. Powell Brown: Yes. And so if you want -- if you leave in the automobile aftermarket, we basically had a 4.2% internal growth on a consolidated basis. I know you can figure those numbers out yourself by just deducting the 16.2 or the 7.4 whatever number you want to look at.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the claims, the $16 million you got from that, which you guys had called out last quarter and it came through even better this quarter, how shall we think about the profitability of those? Did that all just fall right through?
J. Powell Brown: That did have a very, very high profitability, and I'd say it's in excess of 65% margins on that business, on that internal growth, $16.2 million growth.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then you just answered the question, there's nothing recurring from that so we should be just pulling out that extra $16 million with the margin to sort out on the model going forward? We're back to kind of a normal services business here?
J. Powell Brown: That is true up until the next major claim, or catastrophe.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Okay, great, great. And then back to, I think, the first question, just on the retail segment, the organic there, I think you had mentioned that's going to sort of sequentially improve from this lower base. One thing I'm wrestling with is just you all pulled -- the 5% bonus plan, I think, ended in the fourth quarter is not going to recur. That obviously led to better organics in the fourth quarter and last year -- or I guess this is really a question, did it lead to better organics or did they pull forward? Did your guys pull forward their books into the fourth quarter that led to this lower organic in the first? And then I'm just trying to get confidence on that sequential from this lower level for the rest of the year. And any further clarity there would be helpful because that's really what surprised us.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, there's nothing, Greg, that we're aware of that would indicate people were pulling or in near term, pulling things through from one quarter to another. So we're not aware of anything like that. I would just tell you that, as I said earlier, we had $1.1 million of nonrecurring life revenue at a minimum. This is the first quarter. As Cory said it, the comp is against the better comp from last year, and like I said, we believe that the trend is moving north overall. That's the most important thing that we're operating in a band or a range that is continuing to move up.
Cory T. Walker: And we think the economy is, which is -- in the middle market, which is we're very tied to. And even though we believe the band is moving north, it's moving more to north at a slow but steady pace. And last year, as Powell had mentioned, we had internal growth in our Retail division of 1.6%. And for the whole year, we see no reason why we're not going to do better than that. It's just going to be a much slower and steady process. The middle market companies, we believe, are still somewhat in a bunker mentality, but they have cut back and they're operating much more efficiently. And until they see much greater signs of significant increase in revenues, we just don't believe they're adding a lot of people confidently. And so that's why the exposure units are flat to up a little bit, but it's a steady nice growth. And over the long term, maybe that's better for the overall economy because it will be more sustainable, as well as the rates. So we're positive about it. It's improving, and it will -- and we think it will continue.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The Colonial business, how should we think about that in terms of capabilities? If any disasters or catastrophes happen nationally, is Colonial positioned to provide service in those instances? Are there particular types of...
J. Powell Brown: Yes, let me clarify, Mark. You think flood, okay? So FEMA claims, so flood claims, and so that could be around a wind event, it could be around a river going over the flood or the levees, it could be anything of the above. They do have certain other capabilities and specialized emergency claims, but focused on flood. It is a flood specialty adjusting business.
Cory T. Walker: And don't forget the fact that the first 9 months of last year was some of the driest periods in U.S. history. And so is last year the norm? I'm not sure it is. But right now, there are certain rivers that as the sun -- as the snow starts to melt, some rivers are starting to get up to the flood stage. So is last year a norm? I'm not sure. So you just have to watch for the catastrophes. And when that happens, Colonial Claims will increase their revenues.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. Powell, you had mentioned a brave new world in terms of the wholesale in, I think, New England. Is that fully reflected, would you say, in your wholesale organic growth numbers? They've been sustained at a pretty healthy rate here, high single digits. Should we see that hold steady, get a little better? What do you think?
J. Powell Brown: I actually think, first and foremost, that I got to give kudos to the wholesale teams. So I think they're doing a great job, particularly in some difficult markets. As an example, I know several accounts that last year were written with one carrier in the Northeast and this year in order to get wind or flood, they got to write it with 5 or 7 carriers. And there might be only 5 or 7 carriers that are capable of doing it. And so I think that to answer your question succinctly, I think that it is indicative of what's going on in the Northeast. I would say that -- I think it's going to take a little while for it to really pan itself out because I think a lot of carriers, they were trying to figure it out in Q4. They started figuring it out and implementing whatever their strategy is in Q1. And then the question is, will they stick with that strategy? We like to say, sometimes the best laid plans of mice and men are not fully executed or continued. And so it might occur, and it might not continue to occur. We think it will continue to occur, though, in the Northeast. And I think they're going to operate in a similar level. I think it's indicated in those numbers, Mark.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was wondering if I was a customer of Arrowhead Wheels this quarter, what happens to me and what's going to happen to me next year
J. Powell Brown: Well, if you were a customer, let's say, of Arrowhead Wheels and you happen to be located in a state called Michigan, then there was a possibility, if you were renewing over the last 2 months or so, that we might not have been able to give you, not us, because we're distributing it through retail agents. So remember, we are the provider of the product; we are not the retail agent on the Wheels program. So there's a retailer that you're dealing with, let's say, in Michigan, and he or she would've had to provide you with another market to get coverage for you. Having said that, now we're able to write business again in Michigan. It might be slightly differently, but that's basically where the biggest change was in this period, where it went down in Q1.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Will you have any success in getting those customers back next year?
J. Powell Brown: That depends. It's possible and in that space, obviously, people buy for price and they buy for coverage. And so it depends on if our new product is competitively priced and has the appropriate coverage, we believe it is. And we do believe that it's an opportunity to get it back, but it may not come all back at once.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then given the [indiscernible] a little different, would you expect any issues with growth for the remainder of the year, anything negative growth associated with the program now being offered through Everest Re?
J. Powell Brown: We're not aware of any.
Cory T. Walker: No, we think with the new Everest program, that Wheels program will have a net growth for the rest of the year as opposed to the $2.0 million down.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And acquisition pipeline, how long do you expect the 2012 tax hike hanging over the last, and do you have any thoughts on that?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. Josh, as you know, different people sell their businesses for different reasons and have different timetables. And so our ability to project when people want to sell their business is -- that's kind of a shot in the dark. I'll tell you that there were businesses that we talked to at the end of last year that decided not to sell that we are continuing to have conversations with. And so does that mean they might do something this year? It's possible, but I don't know. I would tell you there are new organizations that we weren't talking with last year that we started talking with this year that could we do something with? Sure. And so I really -- it's hard to speculate, Josh, on timing. I think the most important thing that you know is that our inventory is good and we continue to talk with lots of people. And that's the hardest -- one of the hardest things I think for you to model because it's not linear and particularly as it's a larger base, it looks lumpier. And so like I said, we are always talking with people. We are proactive in our approach, and we are looking to invest in high-quality people who run high-quality businesses. And so we will complete transactions in the future when they're ready. And fortunately for us, we have the balance sheet to invest in that.
Cory T. Walker: And Josh, let me -- and you heard me say this before, from an investor standpoint, I think one of the most important things to understand is that I believe that Brown & Brown has the best infrastructure in place to where we have the most people talking to, other independent agents around the country, telling the Brown & Brown story and getting them interested and attracted to our model. With that said, as Powell kind of alluded to, it does come in lumpy. We probably -- if we wanted to, we could've done $100 million of additional revenues on acquisitions last year, if we wanted to. But we are very are disciplined in who we attract, and it has to be a cultural fit, as Powell said. And so again, we could add a lot more, but it's easy to make acquisitions. But for the shareholders, it's better to have the right acquisitions, and that's what we hold out for. So they are lumpy. But the fact that we didn't do much does not mean that the process is not working exactly the way it will. Each one of these acquisitions will ultimately sell, and it's just a -- it's a matter of time, and we're going to always get our fair share of them.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: On the -- in the Retail division, I guess, what's the trend on audit premiums? And I know you don't forecast, but just any thoughts throughout the rest of the year on audit premiums.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, Adam, what I would say is, audit premiums seem to be turning positive. So remember, you've heard me talk about and us talk about it in 2 ways. One, we're starting to see more audit premiums, that's a positive. And two, we've talked about the potential for a delay in clients who are renewing their business that have come down several years in a row, 3, 4 years in a row, might be less apt to anticipate a growth in their exposure units, even though they have a very high likelihood of achieving those numbers. And so what I mean by that is, if you were a manufacturer of widgets and you were $20 million in sales 3 years ago, and $20 million came to $15 million, which came to $13 million, and then you did $12 million last year, and you have an order that's confirmed that would get you to at least $15 million this coming year, I think many of our clients and prospects are continuing to talk with their insurance, cover their insurance at $12 million and then accrue for that additional expense in 14 months after the audit is done, rather than go ahead and pay for it sequentially over the next 12. So we would say, it's a positive, but it's a slight positive right now as opposed to in a normal operating environment. If you look at the risk-bearing community and you ask them, what is the impact in a normal operating environment of additional premiums? I've been led to believe it is 2% to 4% impact on total written premium in a quarter. So I don't know what it is on some of the larger carriers right now, but I think that it's turning positive, and that's reflected in what we're seeing.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That's helpful. Also, on the benefit business, what was the organic for the quarter? And is there any more pressure on commissions for small accounts, or is that pretty much done?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, first of all, we don't break out the organic on benefits only. I would tell you that it depends on the state. As you know, many of the states and small group have gone to a per head per month. So the only way we get additional commissions would be, you have to add bellybuttons, that's their terminology, not mine, so insured lives on the plan to get additional commissions. If you actually have -- there are certain states that are still on commission, and those that are on commissions seem to still be paying commission on the increased premiums. And so what I think -- what I'm trying to tell you is, I think right now, it's neutral. We're not aware of anything that is dramatically forcing down commissions on small group at the present time, obviously. We're watching and preparing and watching with great interest the introduction of exchanges and not only how we're prepared for it and what we can offer our customers and prospects, but what the states are going to provide and how viable are those options.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then 1 last question. You've done 2 pretty nice deals with Zrich and Everest Re in the last, say, 6 months or so, very interesting deals, where it seems like you're essentially taking over distribution from the carriers, which isn't their core business. Would you say those are more aberrations, or can you see more of those deals in the future?
J. Powell Brown: Well, I would say, number one, I wasn't really aware of a deal like that before we did the transaction with our partners at the Zrich. I want you to also know that the partnership with both of those 2 carriers, the partnerships, are very good. So I don't know if it will lead to additional opportunities. My instinct would be that we understand and have a platform -- we understand how to operate distribution, and we have the platform and the technology to do it. So it's an interesting alternative. I'm not saying it's the only solution, but it's an interesting alternative for some of our risk-bearing partners to potentially operate their business more efficiently. So long-winded in saying, I don't know. We're very pleased with the opportunity with Zrich and Everest, and it's not as though we won't be asking, but I would continue to operate in a mode that those were sort of onetime opportunities. And then if we see more, that's great, as opposed to thinking you can put something into a model and pop it in. I don't think that would be fair.
Operator: We'll go next to Ray Iardella with Macquarie.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: So I just want to maybe touch, Cory, on the number you threw out for the retail margins, 110 basis points, can you quantify what improvement was due to the ending of the bonus program versus sort of underlying margin expansion?
Cory T. Walker: Well, the amount that we accrued last year in the first quarter for the 5% bonus program was $1.3 million, okay? But as I explained that if you take all the bonuses, the profit center bonuses as well as other bonus we accrued, it only went up by $900,000 over last year. So basically, it's a little bit of a trade-off is that, yes, we didn't accrue for the $1.3 million, but because many of our offices were more profitable, the profit center bonuses went up. So the net-net change was roughly $900,000.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just sort of going back to the M&A question, and I know it's lumpy and maybe a hangover from year-end, but if you guys didn't close any more deals, how much sort of acquired revenues can we expect, I guess, for the rest of the year?
J. Powell Brown: Well, remember, Ray, I appreciate your question, but we don't budget acquisitions nor do we give guidance on acquisitions. And so we would be -- it would be purely speculative, and we don't do that. So what I would say is this, we continue to look and talk with people all the time. We feel good about our ability to finance those transactions in the future, we feel good about our balance sheet and our existing operations, and we think that's good. Now, Ray, though, if you're talking about the acquisitions that we already have closed on and are part from last year, what will fall through without a new acquisition through the internal growth schedule, basically, we've got about $7.1 million of acquired revenues that will come through in the second quarter. We'll have about $5.7 million that will flow through in the third quarter and about $3.2 million that will flow through in the fourth quarter.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Got it, no, that's kind of the number I was looking for, so I appreciate that. The other question, I guess, in terms of the employee benefits business, and, Powell, I know you've talked about the state exchanges, I mean, maybe can you quantify, a, sort of the revenue you guys have to the small life medical side and then, b, sort of how Brown & Brown will sort of work together with the exchanges going forward, or any updates you can give there?
J. Powell Brown: Okay. Last year, Ray, we did $225 million worth of employee benefits revenue. Of that, 1/3 of that revenue was ancillary products, that would be group disability, group life, group vision, group demo. So 2/3 of that revenue is health-related. Of that health-related, just under 1/2 is under 50 lives, okay? So just call it's less than 1/3 -- just slightly less than 1/3 of the total revenue, okay? And so in different states, as you know, exchanges are being -- there are several options that can occur. Number one, an exchange can be up and running in a state and backed by the state, that's option number one. Option number two is, if they decide not to or they're not in compliance by 2014, then allegedly the government, the U.S. Government, is supposed to provide an exchange until they can get theirs up and running. But it's ultimately going to be the potato they're going to give back to the state to operate. So that's number two. Number three, as it relates to us, we have a group-based customized private label exchange at Brown & Brown. And so in addition to any of those other state exchanges, any of the other stuff, we have our own that we can bring to our customer or our prospect. And so the key is, there's going to be lots of calculations on should I join an exchange, should I give health insurance? There's lots of group plan. There's lots of speculation about the cost, which is obviously something that we haven't heard a lot about in the news for these plans. I believe you're also going to see a lot of pressure on individual health rates, of which we don't write a lot of individual health ourselves, but I'm just saying, it's a broad statement which will create a fervor in Washington when it starts happening by the end of this year. So somewhere in the -- I'm sorry, somewhere in the August, September, October time period, individuals that are insured -- individual health plans are going to start receiving letters, which is going to show them what their projected cost is going forward. And it's going to be a lot more than it is right now. And so there's going to become -- I believe, there's going to be a lot of political uproar around that. I'm not saying it's changing the exchanges, not -- that's not the implication. I'm just saying you need to be aware of that out there. But we feel good about what we can provide for our customers and our prospects. And we operate simply, how do we give our customers not only the knowledge that they need to make the right decision but to give them choices or solutions in this complex situation?
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. One other quick one, if I can squeeze it in, for Cory. In terms of the contingents up year-over-year, I think you had mentioned sort of throughout last year that a couple other carriers had switched from guaranteed supplementals towards contingents. I mean, did that have a positive impact on contingents in the quarter?
Cory T. Walker: There were a little -- there was a little bit of that, but it wasn't a significant amount that made a net increase.
Operator: We'll go next to Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I need to clarify something because I can't read my notes. Powell, was the $1.1 million in life revenues, was that first quarter of '12 or first quarter of '13 issue?
Cory T. Walker: '12.
J. Powell Brown: '12.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that impeded the kind of growth this year...
J. Powell Brown: So we didn't have it recurring in '13.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good, that's what I thought. When -- I think you talked a little bit about how you who don't see any signs of employees kind of gaining last year's 5% bonus. But is there any concern that maybe the entire program should be reimplemented? Or is there any connection between the discontinuation of the program and the slowing retail growth?
J. Powell Brown: Well, we don't believe so, Meyer. But what we've said is, we're all about driving growth and profitable growth. And so I've said that it's not our intent to continue that, and we're not continuing that plan. If we decide to do something in the future that would be over a number of years or period that would reward performance, that's something that's up for discussion. But no, we don't think that the perception or what you're saying is real that since there's not a -- this kicker that we haven't grown as much. No, we don't believe that would be the case.
Operator: We'll go next to Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Did you guys tell us how much annualized revenue you bought this quarter, did you give us that number?
Cory T. Walker: No, I mean, there were no acquisitions this quarter.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, I didn't -- I wasn't sure if there was even a small one, okay -- that we hadn't heard about. Okay, so that was one question. The second is, I just want to make sure that I get how the organic growth is going to flow kind of through the year, at least from right now. I think you said including the auto but x the flood, you're at 4.2% organic growth, is that the right number? And then you get -- for 1Q, right? And then going forward, we're going to get, I think you said, $7 million for the next 3 quarters from Everest, is that the right understanding?
J. Powell Brown: [indiscernible] next year.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Next year?
J. Powell Brown: 12-month. Well, yes...
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Over the next year, okay.
J. Powell Brown: So the Everest doesn't kick in until -- start until next month.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, we know the flood more or less goes away because it seems like a lot -- basically, it all happened in 1Q. Then we have what we think is...
J. Powell Brown: Again -- hey, Brett, on that one, again, it's a normal operation. It's not a onetime, it's a continuing operations, and we're comparing ourselves to last -- the first 9 months of last year, which was, like I said, was one of the driest. So to say that it's not reoccurring, granted it's tied to catastrophes, but unfortunately, in the world we live in, there's always that. So I don't want you to discount Colonial because they've got a great operation, and they're going to continue to contribute a lot to our organization.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Sure. Okay. I was just trying to think relative to the very large $16 million benefits this past quarter.
J. Powell Brown: Right, okay.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the last question is, the $2 million in Wheels, it was a carrier transition switch problem. Do we expect that to sort of levelize to normal levels, i.e., should the $2 million run rate be now included in 2Q?
Cory T. Walker: Well, now that Everest Re will be able to start writing some of that business in some of the states that the old carrier would not write in, it will, we believe, greatly diminish. And then on top of that, the new policies that we will renew that came with the Everest program, which is more of that $7 million, Powell, that's going to overshadow it. So overall, the Wheels program, we believe, will have a net positive for the rest of the year.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the life issue that I think Meyer just asked about, Powell, I just want make sure I get this. So there was -- can you just explain that again, and should that $1 million or $1.1 million again come back sequentially in 2, 3 and 4Q? Or how should we think about the life...
J. Powell Brown: Think that when we talk about that $1.1 million, think of it this way, there were large life cases that were placed in Q1 of '12. Those are onetime only in nature. They did not reoccur in '13, and they will not reoccur in the future. However, we will sell life in the future in particularly through those entities that have specialized life departments. But specifically, we have one office as an example that had $0.5 million of that, and they write big life cases like every other year, but not every year. And so they're up and they're down and they're up and they're down. And so -- but when you put it all together, it does have an impact. So it did in this particular quarter.
Cory T. Walker: And yes, I mean, and that's why we highlighted it because when you're dealing with just $1.1 million of net organic growth, we don't really think of life cases having a big fluctuation quarter-over-quarter. But because you take another $1 million, all of a sudden, the internal growth is more like $1.6 million, 2%, had it not been just the way it fell. We're going to write more life cases, then it's going to come in at some unpredictable times. That's why we highlighted it.
Operator: We'll go next to Al Copersino with Columbia Management.
Al Copersino: I had a general question. Powell, I'm not sure that you can look into a crystal ball and give us the answer, but I'm very curious what you're hearing from small business owners. There's that portion of the Affordable Care Act which makes your 50th employee a very expensive employee on a marginal basis as far as health care benefits or a penalty goes. And I'm just curious what you're hearing from small business owners, who -- people with 40 to 60 employees, what they're thinking about that in terms of their own business planning. And I'm not referring to employee benefits; I'm referring to the exposure units you expect to see from your clients on a P&C basis.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, I think that right now, Al, my comment would be cautious to cautiously optimistic. And so I think what a lot of those people -- and this is not just that group that you're talking about of clients or prospects, but I think it's a large number of people. They are trying to grow their businesses without adding new people or making major capital expenditures. And the reason they are is there's just a -- there continues to be a bit of a hesitancy about how the economy is doing. And so it's one thing, as you know, to read in The Wall Street Journal the stock market is doing well and blah blah blah. But if you're in Little Rock, Arkansas or you're in Brooksville, Florida in a smaller community, smaller than Little Rock but someplace, and you talk to business owners, I can tell you, they're still cautious.
Cory T. Walker: Now, Al, there is a perception that with the ObamaCare that a lot of small businesses are just going to say, "Look, I'm going to cut everybody loose, and tell them to go down to the Post Office and get into the public exchanges and fend for yourself." Our reaction is this, these employees and the employers, they're -- they know their employees very well, it's a close-knit family, and they're not going to have this wholesale cut them loose kind of theory. We believe that most of them are going to say, "Look, I know we had a plan, and Brown & Brown as our agent, they have a private exchange. We're going to have them come, and we're going -- have them talk to you and enroll you." So it's going to be much more a logical progression as opposed to just this wholesale just cut everybody loose, let them fend for themselves.
J. Powell Brown: And one thing also, Al, to add on that is, we've always said there are 3 things you can say with certainty in an uncertain health environment: number one, health insurance is expensive; number two, it's utilized; and number three, it's complex. So if you add those 3 things together, we believe that there will be a place for a distributor or a partner like us. So whether you call is an insurance agent, broker, health care consultant or something other, this is a complex issue that we're going to have to work and help walk our clients and prospects through. So there -- where there is great uncertainty, for the prepared organizations, there's great opportunity.
Operator: We'll go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but just quickly on the auto aftermarket program. I know you guys had pointed out in the past that, that was just a lower margin than some of the other businesses. So I just wanted to find out how that's tracking versus expectations, and just in terms of trying to getting a feel for the margin improvement overall going forward.
J. Powell Brown: Sure. Elyse, if you remember, we said that in the automobile aftermarket, that program would run approximately 10% margin for the first 24 months. And then we believe that it would not only improve because of the growth in the program, which Zrich has expressed wanting to double it in 5 years, but just lots of other things, which would -- we think are positive for that organization and that operation. I would tell you that the margin is tracking in line with expectations, so we're pleased with that. And we think there's some good opportunities for growth, as we've said. So I would say it is performing as expected.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And you would say that to us in -- both in terms of revenue and on the margin front in terms of risk?
J. Powell Brown: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then also, just is there anything, I know we saw the life business, in terms of impacting the organic number in the first quarter year-over-year? Is there any nonrecurring revenue that we should maybe look for in the Q2 or any of the out-quarters of this year to kind of impact the organic growth trends maybe in the retail segment?
J. Powell Brown: The short answer, Elyse, is I'm not aware of it, but I don't want you to say that I'm categorically -- that's obviously on my list after we get through Q1 and the earnings call. But I don't know the answer to that, but I don't believe so.
Operator: We'll go next to Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Management: I had a quick question. Powell, in Florida, Florida homeowners in particular, what's the trend with respect to -- there's been a fair number of takeout the last, I don't know, 12 or 24 months. And I'm wondering what's the trend with these policies making their way back into citizens or not making their way back into citizens, sort of has the normal historical flowback changed at all of late?
J. Powell Brown: Right. Rob, I think what I would tell you
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Management: We're going with Ron today, Powell.
J. Powell Brown: Sorry, Ron. I apologize. Ron, I'm -- number one, this number might be a little dated, but I believe there's somewhere around 62 or 63 takeout companies in the State of Florida. As you know, in order to form a takeout company in years past, all you had to do is have $5 million of surplus, and it didn't actually have to be in cash; it could be pledges from people. Then that was moved to $15 million. So all of the takeout companies have different philosophies in purchasing reinsurance. There are certain minimum requirements in purchasing that reinsurance from the state, but different companies have different views on it. I could make the argument that in the early going in some of those companies, if they take policies out, it is on a temporary basis. And in the event there would be a storm early in their evolution, there'll be probably a high likelihood that those policies would end up or some of those policies would end up going back to citizens. So that's one side of the argument. The second side of the argument is that here in the state, there is a feel, driven quite honestly by our governor, to try to depopulate citizens. And so stem the tide of business rolling into it, meaning specifically homeowners, but as well as commercial, residential properties, and get it into the private marketplace. We're starting to see more of that in the commercial side, which I talked about the rational behavior. On the personal line side, it's an issue of cost. And the answer is, they are still very competitive relative to the options that individuals have. It's not the only option, but it is an option. So what I think you're going to see, Ron, I apologize on that, is I think you're going to see over the next year or two, barring a major wind event in Florida, continued rate pressure upward on citizens, which is going to move it closer to what you and I and others would call a market of last resort, which would push it in -- push that coverage back and put and encourage it to stay in the private market. Long-winded answer of saying, I think it's kind of a neutral right now.
Cory T. Walker: And, Ron, just to add to what Powell just said, there clearly is a focus on continuing the depopulation of citizens. And one of the bills that is currently in the legislature that people have told us that we think has a very good chance of passing this time is setting up an independent clearinghouse on a go-forward basis to where before a policy can be accepted by citizens, it will have to go through this clearinghouse. And if there is any carriers that is willing to write that risk, which includes the takeout, it has to go to those takeouts. So that will again create a barrier for things just to be dropped in to citizens. So I think if it does get passed, it will further the depopulation of it.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
J. Powell Brown: Okay, Celia. Thank you very much, and we wish everybody a great day and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Cory T. Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Douglas Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Justin C. Maurer - Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to further results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with the respect to future events, including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including those risk and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Rochelle. Good morning, everybody. Our goals in 2012 were to grow organically and incrementally improve quarter-over-quarter. We're pleased with our fourth quarter results of 5.4% internal growth. We had positive organic growth in all 4 divisions of Brown & Brown. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Cory for our financials.
Cory T. Walker: Thanks, Powell. It was a very good quarter. Our net income for the fourth quarter of 2012 of $42.6 million was up 16.8% over the fourth quarter last year. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.29, and that's 16% up from the $0.25 from last year's fourth quarter. But really, more importantly, when you exclude that ridiculous line item, change in acquisition earn-out liability, our net income per share for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $0.30 versus $0.23 from last year's fourth quarter, and that's a nice 30.4% increase. From the revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 24.4%, to $30.3 million (sic) [$300.3 million]. That's up from the $241.4 million in last year's fourth quarter. Included in our press release, as always, is our normal table that summarizes the total growth rates and the internal growth rates from the core commissions and fees, which excludes profit-sharing, contingent commissions and the guaranteed supplemental commissions, the GSCs. We did receive $6.3 million of profit-sharing contingent commissions, which represents a net increase of approximately $1.5 million from the $4.8 million that we received in last year's fourth quarter. The vast majority of this net increase was from our FIU operations. Additionally, we accrued $1.9 million of guaranteed supplemental commissions in the fourth quarter, which is $522,000 less than the $2.5 million that we accrued last year in the fourth quarter. Referring to the internal growth schedule, we had a positive internal growth rate of 5.4%, as Powell mentioned. For the fourth quarter of 2012, our total core commissions and fees increased 25.7%, or $59.6 million of net additional core commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $47 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $12.7 million more commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis. The real strength of this internal growth is the $7.8 million -- of that was the $7.8 million of the $12.7 million was generated from our Retail division. Our wholesale division continue to have strong new growth, with $3 million, which translated into an 8.3% internal growth rate for the fourth quarter. The services division had an excellent quarter also, and it was primarily due to our flood claims operation called Colonial Claims. Colonial's internal growth rate was $1.6 million of the division's $1.8 million total. It's important to note that Colonial Claims joined us on December 23, 2011, so this internal growth rate only reflects the last 8 days of 2012. Relative to our ARROWHEAD's operation, we have treated their entire operation during 2012 as acquired operation, and thus, they are not reflected in our internal growth numbers. However, on a standalone basis, their internal growth rate for the fourth quarter was 24.1%, but that included $4.5 million of new revenues that were generated from the new Zurich auto aftermarket program that was started in October. Excluding the auto aftermarket program, their standalone internal growth rate was 6.8%, and this growth came primarily from the earthquake DIC program, the personal property program, and the workers' compensation program. Now moving on, both our investment income and other income had minimal decreases, around $100,000 each. Our pretax margin for the fourth quarter of 2012 was 22.9%, and that's compared to our pretax margin of 24.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011. However, when you exclude the line item change in acquisition earn-out payables, the 2012 fourth quarter pretax margin is 23.4%, and that compares to 23.3% in last year's fourth quarter. Employee compensation and benefit as a percentage of total revenues was 52.3%. That's a decrease from the 53.0% cost factor in the fourth quarter last year. The total dollar increase in employee compensation and benefits was approximately $29.1 million, of which $23.5 million was attributable to the new standalone acquisitions that we acquired since last year. Therefore, excluding the impact of these standalone acquisitions, we had $5.6 million of additional compensation on a semi-same-store sales basis. Of this increase, $2 million was due to our onetime 2012 producer bonus paid to our Retail division's commission producers for the growth of their 2012 production in excess of 5% of their 2011 production; $2.7 million was due to increased salaries of new producers and staff teammates; $800,000 was due to increase in commission expense due to the increased revenues to our commission producers; $600,000 was due to increased profit center bonuses; and another $600,000 was a result of higher matching contributions by the company to our teammates' 401(k) and profit sharing plan. If you exclude the standalone acquisitions that were not with the company last year in the fourth quarter plus that extra $2 million onetime retail commission producer bonuses, as well as about $622,000 in new salaries for just new producers that we're training, employee compensation benefit cost as a percentage of total revenues would have been 51.7%, and that's a decrease of 1.3 percentage points from the 53% cost factor last year in the fourth quarter. Our noncash stock-based compensation cost was up, on a net basis, $1.6 million. And of course, that was due to the new stock incentive plans primarily for grants we gave to the new ARROWHEAD teammates. In the current year, other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased 70 basis points, to 14.9% from 14.2% ratio in last year's fourth quarter. From a total dollar perspective, other operating expenses increased $10.4 million, or 30.1%. However, if you look at the new standalone acquisitions, they added approximately $10 million of new costs for the quarter. Therefore, our existing same-store offices had a slight net increase in their expenses of about $400,000. This increase primarily relates to approximately $1 million in higher inspection and related fees and costs on just new businesses that we've written. $500,000 was increase in data processing costs. But those costs were then partially offset by about $500,000 lower insurance cost, $400,000 in lower legal and claims expense and another $200,000 in cost savings from occupancy and office rental cost. Excluding the operations from these new standalone acquisitions, our other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues actually decreased to 13.7% from the prior year's 14.2% factor. Amortization, depreciation in aggregate was $3 million, which was expected from last year's fourth quarter, and that's obviously due to new acquisitions. Our interest expense increased $700,000 over the prior year, and that's as a result of the increased borrowings from the $200 million we borrowed on the ARROWHEAD acquisition at the beginning of the year. Our change in acquisition -- estimated acquisition earn-out payable was a debit, or an expense, of $1,552,000 versus last year, we had a credit of $2,862,000. And so, therefore, the change between last year's fourth quarter and this year, that's $4.4 million of GAAP income, and that's almost $0.018. Our effective tax rate for the entire year of 2012 was right at 40%. But since the final true-up of the annual tax rate falls in the fourth quarter, the quarterly tax rate was 38.4%. We do expect that the 2013 annual tax rate to be between 39.5% and 40.5% rate for next year. So to conclude, we did have a great finish to a year that was marked by significant transition in the direction of the U.S. economy and the P&C industry and the insurance agency in general. So with that financial overview, I'll turn it back to Powell.
J. Powell Brown: Thank you, Cory. Great report. In Retail, we were up 5.6% versus up 1% in Q3. In Florida, specifically South Florida, property business on large habitational accounts are up 5% to maybe 10%. Commercial business other than habitational is flat to down slightly. GL is flat to 5% up. Auto is flat, and work comp in Florida, effective 1/1, is up 6.8% as an average on the entire book. Exposures in South Florida are flat to up very slightly. You are seeing some large carriers, national carriers, pushing for more rate on automobile. But typically, when push comes to shove, it stays pretty flat. We are starting to see habitational projects that were on hold that are now coming back online. Many of those are rental properties. We're seeing them also at builders' risk in the wholesale division, which we'll talk about in a little bit. In the construction area other than habitational in South Florida, there's not a lot of backlog. As we've said, in Central Florida, property is up 5% to 10%. GL is flattish. Auto is flat to up 10% based on losses, and basically, exposures, both sales, payrolls and other, are flat to up 5%. In North Florida, property is up 5% to 10%. GL is flat to down. But everyone wants rate at first, so they quote an increase on GL and then they move back to flat. Auto is up 2% to 5%, and exposures are generally flat. There's a lot more rate pressure on personal lines in the Panhandle now. In the Southeast, excluding Florida, property is typically up 3% to 7%. Liability is flat to up 3%. Auto is flat to up 5%. In the automobile area, we're not seeing net new autos. We're seeing new exchange for old, and that's a common theme across the country. Work comp, depending on the state, is 3% to 10% up based on losses. In Louisiana, we're still seeing RMS 11 driving the E&S market north of I-10. Texas is seeing a bit more rate pressure than the entire Southeast, and exposures were up, on average, about 5%. In the Northeast, property is up 5% to 10%. GL is flat to maybe up 6%. Auto is up 2% to 5%, and work comp is up 5% to 7%. Exposures in the Northeast are typically flat to up very slightly. There's a lot of tough underwriting going on in workers' compensation, not just in the Northeast but around the country. States are seeing a jump in e-mod calculations due to the split point rating. Government contractors are seeing increase in payrolls, 5% to 15%, and other contractors in the Northeast seem to be pretty flat. Midwest, property is flat to up 6%. GL is flat to up 3%. Auto is up 4% or 5%, and work comp is up 3% to 8%. We're starting to see manufacturing payrolls up slightly, 5%, maybe 8%, 10%. Construction is just getting started, so we haven't seen any uptick there yet to speak of. Regionals continue to be the most aggressive on pricing. National carriers are continuing to push for more rates. Regionals want rate, but it's usually slightly less or significantly less than some of the national carriers. On the West, property is flat to up 5%. GL is flat to up 4%. Auto is flat to up 5%, and work comp is up 4% to 5%, excluding California. On the payrolls, in sales, you're seeing up -- it's flat to up 10% on exposures. California work comp is going up substantially. We're seeing 10% to 20% rate increases or more with losses. Most markets are re-underwriting their books. There are 1 or 2 markets that continue to be out there that are very aggressive, which are able to price at expiring or even under expiring, but it's a very small group, and DIC coverage for flood and quake is tightening, specifically Oregon and Washington, where lower limits are being offered and the rates are going up. In the employee benefits area, small group is up, that's under 50 lives, 4% to 10% and large group is 5% to 12%. Obviously, if you have losses, you can have much higher increases than that. I did want to take a moment to talk a little bit about exchanges. We are working with exchanges now, and we will have additional exchange-based solutions for our clients by 2014, as other health carriers are added to the state-specific platforms, so more to come on exchanges. From a wholesale standpoint, we were up 8.3% versus 2.8%. In the fourth quarter, property in the Northeast was generally flat after Sandy. However, we're now starting to see deductible changes, and obviously, flood limits that were offered are being reduced and -- substantially in some cases. In the mid-Atlantic, Maryland to north, there are changes, typically where deductibles were 1% and 2%. They're going to 3% and 4%. Rates are flat to up a couple of points, 2%, 3%, 4%. Virginia south to Texas carriers, this is fourth quarter, want a 5% to 10% increase but they're not seeing it, so they're typically getting flat. There are some new markets coming into the space looking to grow, and, as I said, we're seeing new builders' risk submissions starting to come online. On the general liability standpoint, wholesale rates are flat to up 5%. Certain classes are presenting difficulties. Condominiums and large apartment schedules, there's a lot of upward pressure on those 2 classes. Construction rates are flat. In the binding authority business, we're in a transitional period. The property market seems to be constricting. In coastal areas, you might see up 10%, 15%; inland, it's flat. GL is flat except on the hard-to-place condos that I referred to earlier. On the professional side, D&O -- private company D&O is flat. Public company D&O, on the primary limits, are up 5% to 15%, but that is sometimes offset by reductions in the excess pricing. So overall, you're seeing flat to up slightly on nonfinancial institution public company D&O. Financial institutions, lots of markets are getting out of the space, 10% to 20% increases on primaries. On the EPLI side, you're seeing generally increases 5% to 15%. Retentions are up, and claims are up. E&O, nonmedical and non-real-estate are flat. Real estate is up 5%, and medical E&O is typically flat. I would say that there are several large national carriers that seem to be re-underwriting their books in the professional liability space. In national programs, we were up 20 basis points versus down 3.3%. Proctor, American Specialty and FIU were up nicely in the quarter. ARROWHEAD, as Cory said, grew 6.8% without the automobile aftermarket in Q4, but they're not counted in our internal growth until after January 9. In the services area, services are up 11% versus up 7.7%. Colonial Claims had a very busy quarter. They did $7.4 million in Q4, and we believe the impact on Colonial Claims will continue to be seen in Q1 and possibly, possibly into Q2. In the fourth quarter, we closed $20.7 million of acquisitions, and that brought our annual total to right at $150 million. We're quite pleased with all the new entities and teammates that joined our team in 2012. And as always, the acquisition pipeline is good. Cory and I, along with several other senior leaders, exercised 10-year options that came due at the end of December of '12. The options price was paid by exchanging existing shares we owned in our personal portfolios. In conclusion, we had a good fourth quarter. We hope that the economy continues to grow in the middle market, as we are intrinsically linked to it. New business sales and what happens in Washington will also impact our growth in the future. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Rochelle to open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first hear from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Nice growth in the quarter, congrats. Just wanted to ask on ARROWHEAD, you mentioned it's included after Jan 9. Could you just refresh us, what has that growth been since you joined it? And then also, where's it going to come through in your reported financials or where is it today, just which segments?
J. Powell Brown: Well, Greg, first of all, the ARROWHEAD is primarily in the national program section, with the exception of ACM, which is their claims management. And ACM has...
Cory T. Walker: Roughly $25 million.
J. Powell Brown: $25 million in total revenues. And the rest of it, that will be in services.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And that's in services? Okay.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, ACM is in services, right. So if you look at the entire year, ARROWHEAD -- ARROWHEAD's internal growth was roughly 9% for the whole year when you exclude the automobile aftermarket. And when you include that, the automobile aftermarket added about $2.5 million in the fourth quarter. So when you exclude that, it's -- when you include that, it's about 13.4% for the year, 9% without it.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And that auto aftermarket is also going through in the organic growth beginning June 10, I guess, forward?
J. Powell Brown: January 10.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm sorry, January 10, yes. Okay, perfect. Second is just what are you guys going to do with the broker incentive program this year? Are you going to continue it? Are you going to -- was it a onetimer? How do you think about that cost?
J. Powell Brown: If you remember, Greg, I said that, that was a onetime-only incentive program. We obviously thought it was very beneficial to the team, and I personally reserve the right to put in force, at any time in the future, an incentive plan or something else to drive the desired results, which is grow our business organically and profitably. That's a long way of saying, no, we're not doing the same incentive plan this year. And for the whole year, that entire program amounted to right at $7 million.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. So that's $7 million that does not recur this year, okay, on the cost side, great. And then last from me is just you were giving us a lot of detail as you went through, but you were sort of calling out the flood business. I wrote down it was 8 days. It contributed over $1 million, and it's going to continue in the first quarter, as you said, so we're going to pick up another -- I mean, that's another, call it, mid-teens millions of dollars that's coming at us from that business in the first quarter?
J. Powell Brown: Yes. What I would say is what we believe is that it will be $8 million -- roughly $8 million or more in the first quarter. That's what we're anticipating. But obviously, we're not there yet.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First, on the organic growth, what's changed in the last 3 months that drove organic growth from 1% last quarter to 5% this quarter? And should we think about that 5% level as sustainable going forward?
J. Powell Brown: Well, remember, we don't give -- Sarah, as you know, we don't give internal growth estimates. But the internal growth in retail is highly dependent on 3 things that we talked about: one, the economy in the middle market; and it also depends on what's happening in Washington and will continue to happen in Washington; and third, new business sales. We feel good about our new business sales, and we're continuing to push and push and push. Some of those things are a little bit outside of our control. And once again, we say that hope and a prayer is not a good business strategy, but we're quick to identify that the economy in the middle market and what goes on in Washington will impact our internal growth.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Maybe you could just give us a sense of within that 5% organic, how much was pricing versus exposure versus new-to-loss loss business.
J. Powell Brown: Yes, it depends on where you are in the country, as I sort of summarized in terms of rates and exposures. I would say, as a general rule, as a general rule, we've said all along that exposures have the biggest impact on our business overall. Having said that, when we are in areas where there is rate pressure, that can help us. But we have said over the past that 2/3 to 3/4 of the negative downdraft was exposure units, and the updraft, I would say, would be similar. So it depends on the office and the classes of business that they're writing. As I said, Southeast Florida habitational is one thing versus construction in Phoenix because of exposure units. But that's kind of how we see it.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So generally 2/3 of the organic growth this quarter was from exposure growth, is that what you're trying to say?
J. Powell Brown: That's what we typically say. We don't -- once again, I'm just kind of trying to help you through the last 5 years and what we've said all along. One, that, that was what we saw in the downdraft. I think that in the updraft, I think the exposure unit has helped more to increase, and we're writing a lot of new business than rate increases, although rate increases are helpful. So if I were hedging, which I'm going to hedge on this, I would say it's slightly more impact on the exposure units than the rates.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just lastly on the margins, I'm surprised that 5% organic growth wasn't enough to expand margins this quarter, even when you exclude the acquisition payables. So what's driving that? And if you were to continue to see 5% organic growth, should we expect some margin expansion or no?
Cory T. Walker: Sarah, on the margin growth, you really have to kind of get into the -- more into the detail by segment. And if you look at -- and we talked a little bit about this in the third quarter, where we kind of showed the differential on the revenues and then the EBITDA impact. And when you get to 10-Q -- the K, I mean, you'll may be able to see some of this difference. But on the Retail side, when you squeeze out the EBITDA impact, basically, we believe that there was about $1.4 million increase in the EBITDA dollars when you take out the differentials. Where the compression occurred is primarily in the program division and the service division because, overall, it was relatively flat. But we've always said the margin leverage is going to show itself fairly strongly, which I think it is in the Retail division.
Operator: And Brett Huff with Stephens Inc. will have our next question.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I just want to make sure I'm getting this right. In the organic growth, I'm trying to make sure what's in and what's out of the organic growth in the fourth quarter. So Zurich -- I think, before, you guys had thought that Zurich, the cost would come on and then you weren't sure if the revenue would really -- start really coming on until 1Q. So we got some revenue to the tune of $2.5 million from Zurich this quarter. Is that right?
J. Powell Brown: That is correct.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And was that -- given that it's -- what part of that was in internal growth, I guess, is my question?
J. Powell Brown: None of it. We -- again, this shows you how conservative we are on our internal growth. The Zurich aftermarket program was basically new business developed by ARROWHEAD. But since we kind of stick with this traditional, anything that's in ARROWHEAD for the first 12 months that we owned them, they're excluded. So that $2.5 million was lumped into ARROWHEAD numbers, and so it was excluded from internal growth. Then, beginning next year that will be part of internal growth because we'll be comparing that to ARROWHEAD's January -- normal January, February, whatever. So that was $2.5 million excluded. Now from a standpoint of the expense, essentially, we had on -- if you look at all of auto aftermarket, the net -- basically, the operating profit for the months that they were in 2012, there was really only a down swoop of about $108,000, $110,000 from net cost versus net revenues. So I know that there was some talk out there that there was going to be a much bigger startup cost, and I'm not sure where that all that originated, but the fact is it was pretty much a flat operation for the 2012. And when you go into 2013, from a budget standpoint, we're budgeting probably about $21 million in total revenues, and the operating profit right now is only budgeted about $1.5 million to maybe $2 million. So it's consistent with the 10% to 12% operating profit that we thought. But that number will continue to grow as we grow the program from the $140 million that Zurich currently has of that to where they want it to grow, to well over $300 million.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just going through the Colonial Claims again, the flood stuff, is that -- that's also coming from ARROWHEAD, so also not included?
Cory T. Walker: No, no, no. Colonial Claims is an acquisition that we acquired on December 23 of last year. And it's a separate standalone operation, and they do a great job. And with Sandy, they've had a huge amount of claims that they're servicing, and so their revenues were very substantial, so the last 8 days was $1.6 million increase over the minimum, of '12
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And so that was $1.6 million was new organic?
Cory T. Walker: Correct. So for 2013 first quarter, we're expecting, as Powell mentioned, a little over $8 million of new revenues. And of course, last year, they only had about $1 million in the first quarter in 2012.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just looking at your -- as you guys look at the pipeline, Powell, you talked a little bit about the M&A pipeline, are you seeing price changes? I know that you all are typically pretty conservative in what you pay, but are you seeing increase in prices, particularly in benefits businesses or any of those businesses that seem to be coming under higher rate pressure and sort of what's your take on that?
J. Powell Brown: I think that there is some upward pressure on pricing, Brett. That's a broad statement. We've always said that it's 6 to 7 to slightly higher times in operating profit. I think it depends on the size of the business, where it is, how it's growing. There's a lot of variables but what we're focused on is finding the right people, and that's what anybody that does acquisitions is trying to do, but we're very focused on it. And we think that there's a lot of opportunities, as there always are, this year that will present themselves. And sometimes, you just never know when they come about, and so it's hard to budget for you, I know, and -- but that's how we view it.
Operator: And we'll move on to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one follow-up on the Colonial Claims. So you said $8 million in the first quarter. Is there a way that we can try and run rate that? I mean, is any of that expectation still impacted by Sandy activity kind of after the fact or is that kind of more of a normalized number?
Cory T. Walker: No, that's Sandy impact. And once again, it is a very busy time for Colonial Claims, and their -- Doug and his team are doing a great job. But no, I don't want you, Michael, to think that's a normal run rate, that is because of activity that occurred in the later part of the fourth quarter.
J. Powell Brown: So obviously, Colonial Claims is obviously dependent upon how many flood activity, flood catastrophes occur during the country. So given there's always normal -- some flood around. But for the whole year, right now, we're only budgeting probably about $13 million for Colonial Claims for the whole year. Now if you read that all of a sudden the Midwest has a bunch of flood claims come April, May, then you'll have to adjust it. But it is dependent upon catastrophes.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So that should burn-down kind of normalize after first quarter, or get closer to it then, it sounds like?
J. Powell Brown: Yes.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then -- great. And then, just trying to -- on the Retail side, obviously organic has kind of inflected over the last 4 quarters. Acquisition growth seems to have gone the other direction. Is there something there that we should understand that's changed or is that just lumpiness or the lack of finding the sort of people fit that you were talking about before?
J. Powell Brown: Yes, you don't need to read into anything there, Michael. We're actively talking to people all the time. But at the end of the day, as we said, a year ago in October, we need to grow our business organically, and that's what we did in 2012. And I and Cory and all the other senior leaders are very proud of all of our teammates for what everybody did. So I think lumpiness on acquisitions and just good -- doing it in Retail and writing a lot of new business and retaining our customers and all that stuff helps add up on the internal growth.
Cory T. Walker: Mike, I think it's important to realize that neither one of those items, internal growth or acquisitions, are mutually exclusive activities. We're burning it hard at both ends, and Scott Penny, heads up the acquisition group, and is doing a great job. We're talking to a lot of people. But when we make an acquisition, we're very disciplined in it, and it has to be the right cultural fit. And so I can tell you that we've had a lot of opportunities where we could have added a lot of revenues, but we've walked away from because it's not a long-term cultural fit and it's not good for our shareholders in the long term. So we're going to continue to focus on just the right acquisitions.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Cory, just wanted to clarify. You said that Zurich was margin neutral this quarter, and then you're still sticking with the 10% to 15% kind of 2013 impact?
Cory T. Walker: That is true.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then...
Cory T. Walker: And like I said, it's really probably, right now, budgeted-wise closer to the 11% to 12% range than the 15%.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. All right. That's fair. And then, Powell, could you speak to -- just give a little bit more color on your exchange comments in your remarks. In particular, I'd be curious just what the conversation is like with the small- to mid-market employer, about what they're doing and what their plans and practically speaking how that transition might work and -- from your end and what your role will be and kind of what partners you need to see. Because, I guess -- sorry for the run-on way in which I'm asking this, but, I guess, I'm also curious in terms of whether or not you see yourself working with consulting partners to kind of create exchanges for these employers or disproportionately will be using the state exchanges.
J. Powell Brown: Okay. So first of all, I think that a broad statement, Matt, is that once exchange will not fit all the needs of all clients in a given territory state area. And as you're aware in exchanges today, many of them, not all of them, but many of them have one risk-bearer. And so as other risk-bearers alluded to this are added, there will be more choice on those exchanges. Several of the clients that we have written in exchanges so far are association-type business, so they could be larger accounts or they could be 2, 8, 12 people. And so what you're really referring to is there is a calculation, and the question is do you go into an exchange, do you -- how much does it cost to pay to play? There's all these scenarios, but what we've got to do is bring good options to our clients, which is what we're doing. I would tell you that in different states, there's a different level of -- how I would I say it is some states are far more advanced in where they are, as you know, in exchanges than others. And ultimately, exchanges will probably need to be run at the state level. Those that are currently bucking that trend are -- or it's my understanding they're going to push it back to the federal government, which would be a stop gap. And so we are -- we're focused on bringing more opportunities to provide health coverage and related ancillary coverages to our clients, and the exchanges may be one of those. So I didn't mean to walk around it but saying it could be a private exchange, it could be a state exchange, or in some instances, it could be a national exchange. We think it's ultimately on a local level, though, meaning state and even more specific than that.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then is it fair to say that you will be working with different -- you might work with an HR consulting company that has a southeast regional focus to deal with that area of the country to potentially address the private aspect of the solution, for example, then as you think about that suite of products, does that how you actually create those options for customers?
J. Powell Brown: The answer is that might be one way. There are lots of people out there talking about technology as a delivery of some of these services, and so sometimes there are different technologies desired by different customers to do this. But here is what I would -- I'd back up, Matt, and say this. In a place like the Midwest, they may have several up and running, and so the level and the in-depth conversation about the options might be different than it would be in Florida, which is just getting started. And in New York, it's my understanding, New York State, there are exchanges that have multiple health carriers in them. So if you wanted ABC company, and I wanted XYZ company, we could still get them through the exchange. So it's not -- I don't think it's dependent so much on external parties. It's dependent on: one, what we see that's currently available in the marketplace; two, where can we have a relationship x -- outside that market area that might be able to bring a solution in there prior to it actually being used in that area; and then how do we talk with our risk-bearing partners to continue to be on the cutting edge of developing that stuff along with them, because ultimately in 3 or 4 years, the exchange may be only one of the solutions, and there may be something totally different that we're working with, in addition to the exchanges in local areas. But health insurance is very local, as you know. There's not a one solution for the entire Southeast and there's definitely not one for the entire country.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll move to Doug Mewhirter with SunTrust.
Douglas Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. I just had 2, I guess, broader questions in opposite ends of the country. First, I noticed that you don't break out specific subsegments in retail, but would you characterize the Western -- what used to be called, I guess, the Western Retail segment as still underperforming the overall retail group? Or with the improvement in the workers' comp market and the construction market out there, would you think it's starting to catch up or even outperform the broader retail group?
J. Powell Brown: Remember, we don't break out segments of the country, but I would tell you that in the West, just like in Florida, we're starting to see more positive things with our customers; that's exposure units. And so my instinct is that it performs in line with retail.
Douglas Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And back to Florida. Even more broadly than that, you're so involved in so many aspects of that economy, where do you think Florida is in general in terms of its economic turnaround? Is this just third inning? Do you think a lot of it's played out? Do you think that there's a risk of it stalling? Do you think there's going to be a lot of follow-through in 2013?
J. Powell Brown: Doug, I think that we're still early in the game. And the reason I say that is if you go to Southeast Florida, there's a lot of noticeable uptick. If you go to Southwest Florida, it's still challenging. You go into Central Florida and North Florida, there are pockets of good things but lots of contractors, other than habitational, are just sitting tight, and just -- they don't have -- when they look into the pipeline of jobs, they don't have any work after 6 and 9 months, and that makes them nervous.
Douglas Mewhirter - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so you -- there could be -- so there's -- the nervousness sounds like there could be some risk to this, but do you think that they're just unnecessarily nervous and that they could see some follow-through? I just wanted to see a bit more context on your...
J. Powell Brown: Yes, I think, once again, I would tell you that there are several businesses that are in the financial institution space that have reported on their results in Florida and have commented on a broader uptick. I would tell you that we haven't seen that yet in businesses. And the reason I don't think we've seen that, Doug, is, as we've talked about before, if you had a business that had $15 million of sales 3 years ago and $15 billion went to $13 million and $13 million went to $10 million, and then we're getting ready to renew, and they know they've got a big account or contract in place to do at least $12 million, when you meet with them, do you actually get $10 million on the renewal or $12 million? I would tell you we get $10 million. Now if a bank or a financial institution is there, they're going to say what? $12 million. So it's just -- I'm not saying that it's -- it's just there has been so much downward pressure that people would rather have additional premium than a return premium 12 months from now. And so I don't think all of the clients in the entire insurance space are accurately predicting their exact revenues, and they may be underestimating just for a conservative nature.
Operator: And we'll move on to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I just want to talk about that Proctor revenue recognition second quarter versus third quarter versus fourth quarter. I have in my notes that there was a $900,000 shortfall last quarter that was going to be earned out this quarter. That's correct?
J. Powell Brown: We said that we thought there was going to be -- some of the down swoop in the third quarter would come in through the fourth quarter, and it did. ARROWHEAD -- I mean, I'm sorry, Proctor did increase in the fourth quarter about $500,000.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so I meant -- look, it's great quarter, great growth. You guys should be very pleased. But it makes it look even more so that national program's kind of lacking on internal growth generation. Is that just lumpy or where -- what needs to happen? Obviously, you're going to have ARROWHEAD come through next year, but what about the non-ARROWHEAD growth? What's going on there?
J. Powell Brown: That's actually this year, Josh. ARROWHEAD came online in -- on the 9th of January.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right, right. No, I'm not -- I'm saying that if I look at back half 2012, internal growth at national programs wasn't very growth this second half of the year. Obviously, it's going to look good next year, but I want to know what -- at ARROWHEAD, what's going on in the business.
J. Powell Brown: Got you. And Josh, one of the -- as we have talked in the second and third quarter, obviously, Proctor was a little bit lumpy during the year. Overall, it finished okay for the whole year. But we also had -- we had Axiom, we had Acumen Re, which lost a fairly large group of accounts, and it was -- it had a substantial down swoop. And they were down another $700,000 in the fourth quarter. They expect next year to be back up over their 2012. CalSurance was also down a little bit this quarter. It was about $400,000. That expects to be up slightly in next year. So those are some of the -- if you go back to the second and third quarter, we give details of where the down swoop was in the program business. It continued that down swoop in the fourth quarter. We believe that most of the programs are now going to be generally up for the rest of the year. We think Proctor may be a little bit down for 2013. And I think CalSurance and one of our public entity businesses may be down for the whole year, maybe $1 million to $1.5 million on a combined basis. But generally, the rest of Programs will be generally up.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, then. It's actually much easier to forecast ARROWHEAD growth than it is the non-ARROWHEAD growth, so that's kind of what I was looking for. I appreciate it. And the other thing I noticed that you had, obviously, a negative hit from higher earn-outs on acquisitions. And it's 2 quarters in a row after 4 quarters of it being, I guess, paying out less than you thought you'd have to. Is that a -- is there something going on that we should expect the acquisitions you've made last year are turning up much better than thought now and that's -- although it's great that they're growing, we should model maybe a soft drag in 2013, because the growth is happening and profitability is happening? How should I think about that?
J. Powell Brown: Well, there may be a little bit to that. I can tell you that this is one item that just sticks in my craw that is at -- that line item is something to be just ignored, because it truly is -- it's dependent upon not really how well they've done or how badly they've done, it's really what is our estimation, or really, more specifically, how good of an estimator am I on day one that we make this acquisition trying to predict 3 years from now the exact dollar that we'll pay out and earn out. And if I predict the actual max, we set that entire maximum up as a liability. And anything that they basically don't do from that level, they come down as an income item to us. It's crazy to think that that's part of the earnings culmination process. And then to say that well, you had to take income in on that and therefore, you didn't pay out as much liability, that acquisition didn't perform as well as you thought they would. And that's not true. They could be performing well, it's just that I overestimated it. And so that's why I'm saying you can't read too much into it, just because we had an expense, we ended up paying out more, therefore, they're doing better. It's just we tried to predict out so that it is close to 0. And so the only thing that line item's telling you is, yes, we did not predict as much on the earn-out as we thought we'd do, but that is not necessarily that they did better or that much more -- that better or worse than what they should have. It's just -- if you understand what I'm saying, it's just -- it's not a good measure to say that's how their operation was.
Cory T. Walker: Josh, I wanted you to make sure you know that ...
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I understand that. One thing I learned though, just to be clear, that number's more or less a cash number. It's not like in year one after an acquisition, you revisit that number and put an estimate up, because you think it's going to change. That's only a 3-year number. You don't make a change after 1 year, depending on how something's trending.
Cory T. Walker: No, no, no. We have to -- part of GAAP is, is that we have to constantly make modifications to that. And so part, like -- I'll tell you this quarter, we did have to move up the earn-out estimate on Colonial Claims, because it was very well definitive that they -- with Sandy, they hit a home run. But as a general rule, we try to look at every quarter, and so it's moving up and down. So it's not purely a cash number. It is a -- constant moving, so that as you get closer to the earn-out at 3 years, hopefully, we'd kind of constantly adjusted the liability so that at the very end, there's not going to be a lot of uncertainty left. Every month you go along you have one less month of uncertainty.
J. Powell Brown: And, Josh, as you can see, Cory doesn't feel very strongly about it. It really is -- it is a ridiculous statement, because it's just noise in the income statement and [indiscernible].
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, it's not, but we're looking for signs.
J. Powell Brown: And you guys try to interpret too much from it.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'd like to interpret that things are getting better. I'm sorry I can't.
J. Powell Brown: I understand.
Operator: And we'll move on to Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you take us through the mechanics of Colonial? When they've got this surge up -- that's a bad choice of words -- when we've got increased climate activity, does that disproportionately impact the margins for the services unit as well?
Cory T. Walker: It has very high margins. And it does impact it to the positive, yes.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Powell, can you talk a little bit -- I'm switching gears -- a little bit about the expected impact on organic revenue growth from the fact that the bonus program is not going to be renewed in 2013?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. As you remember, we have a stock incentive plan in place with all of our teammates that have certain side books. And so this particular 1-year payout did not in any way shape or form affect those, and those are, as you may recall, over a 5-year measurement period. And if you're a producer, half of that is focused on earnings per share growth, which is what the senior leader bucket is, and that 7.5% or more compounded annually, and then they have to grow their books of business. And so all of a sudden, I think that the fact that we incrementally got better all year is a positive. I think that the fact that there was this payout in recognition of a very difficult operating environment over the 4 or 5 prior years was very well received. And as I said earlier, if we were to do something in the future, it would continue to have a longer-term nature of it, kind of like the SIP that I'm referring to. So, we are focused on building the wealth of our teammates. And so we are always looking for creative ways to do that. This was an income event, as you know.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And last question. Is it too early to come up with expectations for contingents and supplementals in 2013?
Cory T. Walker: Yes. Yes, it is. Sorry, yes.
J. Powell Brown: And, Meyer, if I can just comment on that. Remember, there's going to be a lot of impact, we believe, in Q4 from the Sandy-related losses, and it's still early on knowing the true extent of those.
Operator: And we'll move on to Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: As far as auto premiums, were they still running flat? And just -- any way we should think about that going through 2013?
J. Powell Brown: Adam, I think what you should do is think of it as more of a neutral today, where as it's been a negative in the past, that's a very broad generalization. There are places in the country where they will be ticking up, and there are places in the country that are still down slightly. But I would say, generally speaking, that's what I would expect. Also, one way that you can figure that out, by looking at some of the large national risk-bearers, you can look at on their quarterly -- when they report their numbers quarterly, you can find out what they're seeing as a percentage is of additional premiums versus return premiums. That can give you a little bit of idea of what's going on out there for that carrier.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Great. As far as the wholesale business, what would you say submissions were in the either third or fourth quarter compared to the first half of the year? And do you see that gaining momentum, stable or maybe losing momentum?
J. Powell Brown: Well, I think that there's a lot of activity. So I'm not trying to differentiate between Q4 and Q1. I'm just saying what's new, as you heard me say it, we're starting to see some builders' risk business, which is more noticeable today than it has been in the last several quarters. I don't have the exact number of submissions we've got in that space, but that's a positive sign because we're hearing about it as I alluded to in South Florida earlier on some of this hab business. I'm telling you, we're telling you about it in wholesale. And that could be anywhere in the Southeast all the way up the west -- in the Northeast coast. And generally speaking, I would tell you that there are a lot of standard carriers that I believe will have to rethink some of their strategies as it relates to traditional property in the northeast. And so that's what Sandy has done. And so I was reviewing last night the loss estimates by carrier, and that gives you only part of the story. What that doesn't give you is, are they putting out lower limits? Have they stopped providing flood? Are they all going to E&S, if they have it? Are they letting their standard probably go E&S and just keep the rest of the business? There's still a lot to be flushed out. And personal lines is going to be a big issue in the Northeast.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. One other question. When you think about the business, you've done a fair amount of acquisitions, both in the retail. But then, obviously, with ARROWHEAD and Colonial, you've done some non-retail acquisitions. I guess, could you let us know how you're thinking about just mix-wise or opportunity-wise going forward, retail versus non-retail?
J. Powell Brown: Sure. Adam, first of all, we're looking to invest in all of our 4 divisions of our business. So as we said before, it's all driven and contingent upon high-quality people who find other quality people and run good businesses. Having said that, obviously, when you make a $100 million-plus acquisition in ARROWHEAD, that tilts the mix a little bit further towards non-retail than it had been historically. I would tell you this, if there were 2 other ARROWHEADs out there today, which there are not, we'd buy both of them. But having said that, we typically think that our business will be 60% to 70% over an extended period of time, retail.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Ray Iardella with Macquarie
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Just wanted to -- had a quick clarification on one of your comments, Cory. I think you had mentioned when you're talking about sort of the margin picture between some of the segments that the services margin was actually weaker in the fourth quarter, but yet Colonial Claims, I guess, might have helped margins. So I'm just trying to get a little bit more color on that.
Cory T. Walker: Yes. On the margin for the -- and Colonial Claims did help a lot, but we also did have some extra expenses in there relative to our Advocator Group, where we're staffing up on -- for growth there, and so that helped pull that out. Now don't forget, in the analysis that I was giving to you, what I'd do is I pulled out acquisitions as a separate component of the growth of the revenue. So I've isolated Colonial Claims even though -- for instance, in acquisitions for the fourth quarter, we basically had about $16.1 million of new revenue. That created roughly $5.1 million of additional EBITDA that I add to last year's fourth quarter EBITDA of $4.8 million. And so what I'm doing, when I say that it's squeezed out or the margins were actually a little compressed, it's really looking at what was in the fourth quarter. You see what I'm saying? And so Colonial Claims is considered acquisition in that kind of analysis. So most of that -- a little bit of pressure on the margin in services was really because, primarily, Advocator Group was staffing up for future growth.
Raymond Iardella - Macquarie Research: Okay. No, that's helpful. And, I guess, is that staffing done with or do you expect that sort of to continue in the first quarter?
J. Powell Brown: I think we're all going to see much more of a similarity quarter-over-quarter after starting in 2013.
Operator: And we'll move on to Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A number of people have asked questions related to the sales incentive program this year, and I just wanted to take another try at that, because -- I mean, this is a fairly unique program for Brown & Brown, and, I guess, what I'm trying to gauge is how do you measure the ultimate success of that? I mean, you mentioned $7 million of expense in the quarter. Could you describe maybe how much incremental revenue you think you drove out of that program over the course of the year or the quarter? Just -- I'm really trying to get your kind of report card on how this program performed relative to your expectations. We can see in the numbers that internal growth ultimately rose, but I don't know that, that should be the only explanation for it being a good program or not a good program.
Cory T. Walker: Right. Let me comment on that. So first, Mark, as you know, we said that if in fact we paid the maximum amount out, that means everybody hit the bogey, it will be $12.5 million. Okay? So we paid $7 million out of the $12.5 million out. I, personally, would have loved to pay the $12.5 million out, because at the end of the day, we got the revenue with it. Having said that, what most -- what you'd say is we exceeded -- not everyone just grew 5%. There were a number of people who grew more than 5%. And so that's a positive in our mind. But remember, we have never -- we've not done anything like this before, Mark. And what I tried to say nicely, because I know several people have asked this, is you're asking, "Are you going to have another one?" And I said, "No, we're not going to have another one like that."
Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That actually isn't what I was asking, just to clarify my question. I appreciate very much that it was a unique program for Brown & Brown, and that's why I'm so interested in kind of the scorecard nature of -- you expected A, and you got -- now we have the perspective to say what we got relative to the initial expectations. And if there's any way to just quantify that out, so when we look back at our 2012 full year, we can say, all right, last year there was, you said, $7 million of incremental expense, so I know that, that's something that won't necessarily recur, but then there's also a revenue part of that, that was -- what I'm trying to get an understanding of is what was the boost that -- what did we get for our $7 million?
Cory T. Walker: Yes. Mark, and let me try to say it a little differently. And the quick answer that I'll I get to, but I want to take it back on history on part is that we do not measure precisely in terms of did somebody sell that new account, because they were incentivized by this program or not. And did they grow part of their 5% growth? How much of that did actually come from the rate increases or their clients' exposures exactly increase. We did not do that. We do know that roughly 54% of our commission producers hit the 5%. We had probably about 12% were 0% to 5% but didn't get it, a little bit less. I think it's important for you to understand the history, and I think we explained it all in the previous quarters, but we were talking about doing this in -- at the end of, basically, the third quarter of 2011. And we knew that the market was starting to show signs of starting to turn. And we thought that a lot of our competitors, who were the -- generally, more of the local agents, were all out there kind of tired after 5 years of rates going down and comps having to market it. And we knew that if we could get all of our folks really focused on hitting the ground running on January 1, 2012, we could have a big advantage. And so we came up with that onetime program, and it was -- from a motivational standpoint, it was really an acknowledgment to our commission producers that who, for 5 years have taken less income because they're -- not because they lost any clients, but just because of their clients' exposure, and we thought that this is a great recognition of the battle-hardened producers that have gone through the trenches in the last 5 years, that this is a way to get a little bit back. And we said we want everybody to get it, and so this is the program we had. So it was always designed as a one-year program. The idea was, is to get them really focused, and then, in fact, when the market started to turn, they're paid on commissions. And then all of a sudden, just like what has happened, the exposure unit, the economy have started to move up, the pricing is starting to move up, so, therefore, the tide was moving up. And so naturally, our producers are getting more commission dollars now that everything is rising, and it was a nice transitional program. So now, our commission producers are getting the natural lift and the natural increase in a compensation by the economy, and that was the intent. It was a transitional thing, and everybody knew that from day 1. So the precision as to did we get more than $7 million, I think if you just look at the internal growth, we did. Was it directly related, because they had that, or was it more related to the fact that we just got great producers, which I think is probably the right answer? Or -- and how much of it was the economy and the rate? It's all kind of blended. But the bottom line is, is it work, I think our producer group is always very motivated. They're very appreciative of that. And we're going forward and we're going to write more new business.
Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I appreciate that. I mean, it's a helpful recap. Just to ask 2 real quick questions. Just from an accounting standpoint, is there any way that a producer could have kind of front-loaded their number, which is to say, could they have booked business in December in order to hit their bogey that will be drawn away from 1Q,? Or do your practices and policies kind of preclude that?
Cory T. Walker: The answer is, is could it happen 1 or 2 places, small amount? Possibly, but don't forget whatever happened would impact the profitability of that particular office. And you have the profit center leader and the department leaders, commercialized whose bonuses would be negatively impacted. And so we have fairly -- we have very good strong controls at our local levels. So could that have happened in any widespread? No.
Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just the last question. If you were to give the Program a letter grade, kind of from an A to an F. It's clearly not an F. How would you give them a score -- or give that program a score in terms of your overall reflection on it?
Cory T. Walker: I would say either an A or no lower than a B+.
Operator: And we'll move on to Justin Maurer with Lord, Abbett .
Justin C. Maurer - Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC: Sorry, Cory, to beat this dead horse on Mark's piggyback. The acceleration organic. I know, Powell, you talked to that point on Sarah's question earlier. But was there -- given that the folks new that the program was going away, did they have the ability to pull forward some business. So just thinking about sequentially, as we look into the first quarter, just kind of apples to apples on that basis, should there be any noise from that or no?
Cory T. Walker: No, I don't -- we don't believe so. Whatever happens in the first quarter will occur because of policies that have effective dates of 1/1 through 3/31.
Justin C. Maurer - Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC: And just, Powell, you made the comment in your opening remarks about options exercise, so you guys just took the stock? Was that the interpretation of that, that you just exercised in held?
Cory T. Walker: Yes, basically, I think the answer to that is yes. Basically, I brought and Cory brought existing shares that were exchanged for those options, and we got back a net new number. That's how we did it. I think it's important, because the reason I raised the issue, Justin, is this. It basically shows in the filing a sale and a purchase, when in essence, there was an exchange, if that makes sense. I know it does to you but. Believe me, it killed us to have to exchange those shares at $25.30 or something, believe me. But it had to be done by the end of the year. And unfortunately, Washington never got the financial cliff worked out before 12/31 and it hurt, but...
Operator: And there are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Powell Brown: No, thank you, Rochelle. It's nice to talk to everybody. and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown  President, Chief Executive Officer Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Keith Walsh  Citi Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan Ray Iardella  Macquarie Brett Huff  Stevens Eric Fraser  Goldman Sachs Chris Likum (ph)  William Blair 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the Company reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Companys business and prospects are contained in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Powell Brown: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning everybody. Were pleased with our organic growth in Q3. It was in line with our expectations, and there are some positive signs within our retail division that youll hear about. Rates are up in many places, flat in some places, and rarely but periodically down, and we also closed one acquisition, as you know, in Q3 for $5.8 million in revenue. With that, Ill turn it over to Cory for our financial report.
Cory Walker: Thanks Powell. Now that weve had three straight quarters of positive internal growth, we definitely have a trend, and most importantly our largest division, retail, had its second consecutive quarter of positive growth with expanding margins, and that trend is expected to continue. Our net income for the third quarter of 2012 was $49.5 million, and thats up 12.1% over the third quarter of 2011. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.34 and thats a 13.3% increase over the $0.30 of last years third quarter. From the revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 16.7% to $303.8 million. Thats up from the $260.4 million in last years third quarter. As always, included in our press release is our normal table that summarizes the total growth rates and the internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees, which excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions, which we refer to as GSCs. We received $12.1 million of profit-sharing contingent commissions, which represented a net increase of about $4.8 million from the 7.2 that we earned last year in the third quarter. The vast majority of this net increase was from our Arrowhead operations. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we estimate that we may receive between 2 and $3 million as long as the hurricanes behave and they stay away from Florida for the rest of the year. Additionally, we accrued $2.4 million of guaranteed supplemental commission for the third quarter of 2012. That is $540,000 less than the 2.9 that we accrued for in the third quarter of 2011. As weve mentioned in previous conference calls, this reductions is due to the fact that several of our insurance carrier partners have reverted back to their profit-sharing contingent commission contracts beginning this year in 2012. So presumable if the carriers loss ratios remain stable, this revenue should flow back to us in 2013 in the form of profit-sharing contingencies. Now looking at the internal growth schedule, we had a positive internal growth rate of 1%, which is much stronger than you initially perceive by just the raw number of 1%. For the third quarter of 2012, our total core commissions and fees increased 18.2% or $44.3 million of core commissions and fees. But within that net number was $41.8 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $2.4 million more of commissions and fee revenues on a same store sales basis. We view this 1% organic growth as consistent with the trends that we saw developing in the second quarter when our organic growth was 3.2% on a consolidated basis. The differences in the organic growth from 3.2 to 1% centers primarily on the wholesale brokerage division and three separate program division operations. The wholesale division grew organically $1.1 million in the third quarter as compared to the $3.4 million that they grew in the second quarter. This slightly lower growth is due to lower increases in the coastal cap property rates than what we saw in the first half of 2012. We continue to expect increases in the coastal cap property rates during the fourth quarter; however, it will be at rates more similar to what we saw in the current third quarter numbers. The first of the three program operations that wed like to highlight due to their differences from the second quarter is Proctor Financial. Proctor had $1.2 million organic growth in the second quarter; however, this quarter they had a $300,000 decline as compared to the prior year. Proctor continues to have an outstanding year of new business; however, the flow of revenue from their clients can be uneven at times, as was the case this quarter. We expect much of this quarterly difference to flow into the fourth quarter. Proctor has a very good pipeline of potential new clients also. It is important to note that the Proctor team is doing an excellent job. They have not lost a single client this year and theyve picked up several new clients. Proctors revenue recognition is highly dependent upon their clients processing of their loan portfolio computer files and approving which loans are placed ultimately in the program. This quarter, we had several of their clients for different reasons get backed up on their loan file processing and thus has delayed some of Proctors revenues to be recognized.  The second program operation to highlight is our operation that provides facultative reinsurance products to certain insurance carriers. One of our larger clients decided to self-absorb more of the underwriting risk and chose not to renew two large facultative reinsurance treaties, and as such that represented nearly $1 million of less commissions for us. Once again, our folks in this operation have done a great job over time. In fact, this is one of our operations that has had positive internal growth each of the last four years, and thats during our economic Armageddon this happened. So this was a tough quarter for them, but Im confident that they will find new accounts to write. The last program that did not have as good a quarter in the third quarter as they did in the second was our operation that provides E&O coverage for the financial services industry, and they also provide claims administrations for such claims. They had $200,000 positive growth in the second quarter but a $600,000 downdraft in the third quarter. Half of this differential is due to the claims files that weve closed, which is great for our clients, but the number of new financial services claims obviously in this period is down from where it was from the 2008 to 2011 period, and therefore our claims revenue is down. The other part of the drop was a large account that we helped design a larger FIR attachment point and thus reduced the premium and the related commissions on that account; so it wasnt a lost account, it was just a restructure of existing. On our Arrowhead operations, we treat their operations as acquired operations and thus they are not reflected in our official internal growth numbers. However, on a standalone basis their internal revenue growth for the third quarter was 13%. This growth came primarily from their earthquake DIC program as well as their personal property program. If you were to take Arrowheads raw numbers and just add them into our internal growth numbers as if they were here for both years, our internal growth rate would go from 1% to 2.2%. Additionally as we have discussed on several webcasts during the last quarter, we are very proud of the Arrowhead team and their success of winning the right to operate a new auto after-market program thats underwritten by Zurich. This program, which will be new organic growth for Arrowhead, is estimated to bring in 20 to $25 million of revenue over the next 12 months. Now for the most important aspect of our internal growth numbers, and that is, as we mentioned, the largest division, which is retail. They had positive growth this quarter of $1.4 million, and thats up from the $400,000 growth that they had in the second quarter. We believe that this trend will continue, as well as the margins that came as a result. So moving on to our investment income, investment income decreased by less than 100,000, and then our other income decreased by approximately $1.7 million, and that was a combination of less books of business sales plus some litigation settlement income that we received last year. Our pre-tax margin for the third quarter of 2012 was 26.9% compared to our pre-tax margin of 27.9% in the third quarter of 2011. Sixty of those 100 basis point differential was due to that line item called change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables. With our positive internal growth revenues, our core operating profit margins when you exclude the impact of acquisitions, the contingent commissions, GSCs as well as the sales of books of business, it increased by approximately $1.6 million, and Ill expand on that margin change in a minute. Employee compensation and benefits as a percentage of the total revenue was 49.3%. Thats an increase over the 48.7% cost factor in the third quarter of 2011. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation and benefits was approximately $22.8 million, or an 18% increase. Out of that 22.8 million, 18.2 was attributable to just the new standalone acquisition since last year; therefore, excluding the impact of the standalone acquisitions, we had $4.6 million of additional compensation on a semi-same store sales basis. Of this increase, $1.9 million was due to our new one-time 2012 additional producer commissions paid to our retail division commission producers for their growth of their 2012 production in excess of 5% over their 2011 production. Additionally, $800,000 of that increase also came from the salaries of new producers and staff teammates. Nine hundred thousand dollars was due to an increase in our group health insurance costs, and $400,000 was additional payroll taxes. Our non-cash stock-based compensation cost was up on a net basis $1 million which was due to the new grants under our stock incentive plan, and the majority of these were issued in the beginning of the year to folks in our Arrowhead acquisition. In the current quarter, other operating expenses decreased as a percentage of total revenues. Forty basis points was the drop, and that was to 14.4% of total revenues in the current third quarter, and thats compared to 14.8% ratio in the third quarter of 2011. The other operating expenses, they increased $5.3 million, and thats a 13.9% increase over last year. However, the new standalone acquisitions added $7.9 million of that total 5.3 cost, and therefore the change in our existing same store actually had a decrease in other operating expenses of 2.5. This net decrease primarily related to $1.3 million in lower legal fees, $1.1 million in lower claims and E&O charges, and $1 million in cost savings from our occupancy and office rental costs. Now from the standpoint of EBITDA, which we dont really talk about but I think its important to kind of look at it with just basically the revenue numbers that we have in our internal growth schedule. If you look at the last years third quarter, we had $260 million of revenues and we had an EBITDA dollar amount of $92.2 million, and thats basically taking our total revenues, taking out our employee benefit costs, the non-cash stock-grant compensation or other operating costs; so it basically excludes amortization, depreciation, interest and that change in acquisition earn-out. So that was a 35.4% margin. Those same margins at the end of the third quarter of 2012, we had $303.8 million of revenues. Our EBITDA was 106  $106.4 million, and thats a 35% margin. So trying to reconcile between those two, if you look at our acquisitions, we had $41.8 million of new acquisitions. On a blended basis, our standalone acquisitions came in at an EBITDA margin of about 29.3%, so that added $12.2 million to last years $92.2 million. In addition, we had about $3.7 million of additional contingencies and GSCs on a net basis, and generally that came in somewhere around 85% flow-in, so that was a little over $3 million added to it. We did have on our investment and other income, it went down by $1.7 million and thats 100% impact on our EBITDA, so 1.7 comes out. If you look at our organic growth, that came in at $2.4 million, and generallyIm just estimating that. Lets just say that 50% of that falls into the EBITDA because some of it may come as new business where were paying our commissions 40% versus maybe increasing clients premiums that we pay out at only 20%, so that would be another 1.2. We did sell about $2.9 million as reflected in our internal growth schedule, and generally when we sell a piece of business (audio interference) from having to pay the producer the 20% renewal, but theres not necessarilydepending on what youre selling, not necessarily a lot of drop-off of other costs. So Ive just kind of estimated an 80% factor there that would take out about 2.3, so really whats left on a consolidated basis is about $1.6 million of increased EBITDA. Now when we issue the 10-Q, obviously youll have financial statements of each of our business segments and youll be able to kind of walk through a very similar analysis. But essentially in our retail division, we saw the EBITDA margin generally move up by almost $2 million. Likewise the program division, because it had the most revenue that got sucked out, did have a compression in their margins from 45 down to 42, and so that pretty much explains that. The one number that is probably difficult in that analysis on a segment basis to look at is what is the EBITDA margins of our acquisitions relating to each of the divisions, and generally on the retail divisions for the third quarter, we had about $8.9 million of acquired revenues. That came in at an EBITDA margin generally at about 25.7% - thats on core, and its excluding the contingencies and GSCs. On the program side, the $21.5 million of acquired revenues we came in, came in roughly at about a 36% margin. We had a small amount of acquisition in wholesale, and that actually came in at nearly a 45% margin. Our services group, which obviously has the lowest margin on the TPA services, that $10.8 million of acquired revenues came in generally at about 19.5%. So the point that we have kind of made that as internal growth, especially in the retail division, starts to gradually move up like we expect, the margins and the leverage of our company is very much intact, as weve talked about. So moving on, if you look at our amortization and depreciation in aggregate, it was up $3.1 million from last year, and thats primarily due to the new acquisitions. Interest expense increased to $400,000 over the prior year as a result of the increased borrowings of the $200 million that we did as a result of the Arrowhead acquisition. Our change in the estimated acquisition earn-out payable was a debit this quarter, or an expense of $858,000, and thats compared to a credit or an income item last years third quarter of 810. So basically, theres a $1.7 million swing in quote GAAP income, and thats really almost 7/10ths of a penny. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2012 was 39.4%. Its down from the previous quarter primarily because we had a $800,000 tax refund that we received on a prior year amended tax return on some tax planning that we had. So this is a discrete item specific to the third quarter that came in. Its nice to have it, but on an ongoing basis for the fourth quarter and future quarters, we still expect the normal tax rate to be at 40.3%, and thats due because of the higher state income tax rates that we have as a result of our larger California exposure. So to conclude, we ended up with net income of $42.5 million, which is a nice 14.7% increase from last years third quarter. So with that financial overview, let me turn it back to Powell.
Powell Brown: Thanks Cory. Great report. Id like to review now our operations, starting with retail. We were up 100 basis points in Q3 versus 30 BPs up in Q2. In Florida, we sort of look at it in three segments. South Florida property up 4 to 8%, general liability up 1 to 4%, auto rates are down slightly to up slightly. Exposure units typically in south Florida are flat. In central Florida across the I4 corridor, property rates are up 1 to 10%, GL and auto rates are typically flat to maybe up 3 to 5%, exposure units are flat to up 3%. In north Florida in the panhandle, property on the coast is up 5 to 10%, typically inland property is flat to down, GL is flat to up 2, auto is up 3 to 5%, exposure units there are typically flat. In the southeastern United States excluding Florida, coastal property is typically up 10%, maybe slightly more. Property inland is up 2 to 5%, GL and auto are either flat to up 5, and work comp rates are typically plus-5 to plus-10. Exposure units, payrolls and sales are flat to up 5%. In the northeast, excluding New York City construction which well talk about in a moment, property rates are up 5 to 10, GL flat to up 5, auto and work comp are typically flat  auto might be up a little bit, work comp rates could be up as much as 10% depending on where you are. Exposures typically are flat across the board.  In the midwest, property rates are up 3 to 5, GL is flat typically to maybe up a couple points, auto is flat, work comp rates are up 2 to 10. I would say payrolls and sales are up 4 to 10% in the midwest. In the west, property is flat to up 10, GL and auto are flat to up 5, work comp other than California comp is up 5 to 10%, and exposure units are typically flat to maybe up slightly. Im going to discuss Cal-comp in the programs area, but I think one office that I called in preparation for this call this morning summed it up  it said that their clients now are either starting to grow or they already have gone out of business, and so its upward now hopefully and theyre seeing a little push. In terms of the employee benefits area, small group is under pretty significant rate pressure, 5 to 10% or more. Large group, you hear a lot about flat to 5% rate increases on certain accounts, certain parts of the country. Not good experience  might be 10% or more, but typically the number of employees on the plans are flat. In the personal lines area, we continue to see rate pressure on homeowners, particularly in light of the performance of that line with our risk-bearing partners. In the wholesale segment, its up 2.8 this quarter versus up 10 in Q2. Coastal property, RMS 11 is still a big impact. I would say that rates are typically up 2 to 10%, but I hear about large accounts where the rates are being cut, meaning rates go down. Without a wind event this year, we think property rates in the E&S space will flatten out in 2013 until we get to the next years storm season. Liability rates, typically except for two classes, is sort of business as usual. Rates are typically flattish, maybe up slightly. Every one in a while you hear of a rate up 5 to 10%, depending on loss experience. All rates in Florida liability in the E&S world are flat. The two exceptions  New York City contracting continues to be its own little hard market, both in primary and excess; and habitational country-wide, we continue to see upward pressure in that segment. Carriers are looking more carefully at their accounts with losses, and everyone is looking for products liability coverages. Professional liability, real estate is up 5 to 10%, lawyers are flat to up 10, the D&O product company rates are flat, public company primary rates are up 5 to 10 and yet the excess layers are down, and that can offset the increases in the primary. Financial institutions, D&Os up 10 to 15, and employment practices liability up 5 to 10%. We continue to see a spike in claims activity and wage and hour coverages getting harder and harder to place. On a binding authority basis, the third quarter was very similar to the second quarter. All carriers are trying to get rate but the rate increases are really on cat-driven property and certain GL classes, such as habitational accounts and bars and things like that, while vanilla, plain vanilla accounts are still seeing very, very competitive pricing, especially on new business. Renewals are flat to up maybe a couple points on these preferred classes. Rates on cat, property and older buildings on the coast are maybe up 5 to 10. Inland property, better construction, flat and there is some decreases that our carriers are willing to go for because they want to write this business. Most carriers have tried to build in rate increases, slight rate increases on GL, but were just not seeing that much of it; so our estimate for the fourth quarter is probably more of the same, especially since there has not been a wind event here in Florida and we dont think there will be one this year. RMS 11 continues to wreak havoc in the binding authority area, but we think that rate pressure will flatten out there as well in the spring in light of no events this year. On the programs area, as Cory alluded to, we were down 3.3% versus up 7.1% in Q2. If you look inside many of our programs  not all, but many  youd say that exposures are up slightly, rates are stable, we have strong new business, and were very pleased with our strong carrier partners. That said, you have Calsurance, which does a lot of professional liability in the financial services sector, and its been slower to come back as we all know. Proctor Financial, as Cory elaborated on, theyre writing lots of new business but its uneven revenue flows. Arrowhead, the earthquake market continues to be steady both on commercial and residential.  Now for our California comp update. Overall, the rates are firming. Rates are up 10 to 15% overall. Large national carriers that are not work-comp specific seem to be pulling back. Specific specialty work-comp carriers are picking up that slack  thats an opportunity for us. On the regulatory front, the WCIRB proposed initially a 12% rate increase on 1/1. There was a Senate bill thats been introduced  there is. Its called SB-863. It deals with work comp reform and cost-cutting. Thus, the State has amended the proposed rate increase to just plus-11%, and now the State Fund, who is the largest writer of work comp coverage in the State of California, is proposing rates that are flat to down 1%. I think this is really a question of who blinks first. We also, though, are seeing the first signs of positive audits, meaning additional premiums in California as opposed to return premiums.  At FIU, Citizens rates, just to give you kind of a flavor, here in Florida are up 10% on the smaller accounts, as you know; but those accounts that are A-rated, those are TIVs over 10 million, are flat and allegedly these rates will be reviewed in January. As many of you may know, theres a push here by our governor to depopulate Citizens, and there are several very interesting proposals in front of them right now with proposals to take out large numbers of policyholders in the spring. Now, I dont know if anything will happen, but thats also sitting out there. Back with FIU, other markets are pushing typically higher deductibles in the E&S space, and the ex-wind business continues to be very, very competitive. In the services space, we were up 7.7% versus 10.1% in Q2. NewQuest, an advocator group, again had great quarters and Id like to say thank you and kudos to Tracey Lazzopina and Mike Crowe and all of their teammates because they both had great quarters. On the acquisition front, we acquired one business this quarter for 5.8 million in San Antonio, Texas  Texas Security General Agency. Were very pleased that their team has joined Brown & Brown.  I would tell you  someone will ask  as I always like to say, our acquisition pipeline is good and its a little bit like fishing  some days the fish are biting, and some days they arent, but were always fishing. Having said that, the election process seems to be peaking a lot of peoples interest in combining with a larger firm like ours.  In wrapping up, Id say that carriers all want rates in certain lines. Sometimes they get it; sometimes they dont. As we look into next year, we think there is still some rate pressure in certain areas, but moderating mostly across the board except in workers compensation and homeowners. Finally, were pleased with our 1% internal growth this quarter. Retail was up again 100 BPs versus 30 in the last quarter. The vast majority of our operations are moving up, especially retail. Having said that, if Arrowhead was in the IG calculation, we would have had 2.2% internal growth. With that, Lisa, Id like to turn it over to you and well start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Keith Walsh with Citi. Please go ahead.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Hey, good morning everybody. First question for Cory  Im not sure if I missed this in the commentary, but can you just remind us, the bonus program  how much did that impact EPS and margins in the quarter, and how do you accrue for it? Is it accrued on a quarterly basis? If you could just give us some color around that, and then Ive got a follow-up.
Cory Walker: Yes. It is accrued on a quarterly basis. This quarter, in the third quarter, we increased it by $1.9 million. We expect for the whole year it to be between 6 and $8 million, and I think were on track for that, so thats it.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Okay. And then secondly, just for Powell, Arrowhead seems to be growing, doing very well, Can you just talk a little bit about whats going on there? Is there a business mix or a geography issue why it seems to be doing better than maybe other parts of retail? Thanks.
Powell Brown:  Sure. Good morning, Keith. I will tell you that what were seeing is, number one, we buy businesses and invest in businesses because they have good people, and good people develop and run good businesses and attract more good people. And so over a long period of time, Arrowhead has developed a reputation for doing a very good job in running programs for our strategic partners that we work with there at Arrowhead. Thats the first thing. The second thing is they work, as you know, in three or four areas that are not easy to work in, so their four big markets prior to the addition to the automobile aftermarket program are California quake, both residential and commercial, non-standard auto, and workers compensation in California. So those are not easy classes of business to begin with, and so we haveso theres lot ofits discombobulated in many of those markets which creates an opportunity for us. Then enter the opportunity with Zurich on top of that, which as Cory said is going to be a 20 to $25 million revenue piece for us next year, and were going to start getting revenue this month but we really think it will start flowing in really come 1/1, and that 20 to 25 will really start next year on a run rate.  And so there are alsofinally Keith, there are some carriers who we believe see us as an option to efficiently distribute their product in a manner that maybe they would be doing it a little differently. That doesnt mean its bad; it just means they would do it a little differently than we could with our technology platform and the distribution force and our agents. And so we think all of that is very positive, and were very pleased with the acquisition, and as you know were really pleased with organic growth at 13% for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Dewitt with Barclays.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. When I exclude some of the unusual timing issues from programs, I get organic growth in the quarter of about 1.7%. So how long do you think it will take you to get back to mid-single digit organic growth, and is that the right level to be thinking about in terms of when you can start expanding the margins?
Powell Brown: Well if you remember, Sarah, in September at an investor conference, we said that we anticipated internal growth to be in the range of the first and second quarter for the second half of the year  thatd be Q3 and Q4. And as Cory said, actually when you look inside some of our numbers, we actually have improvement in margins in areas already, but in aggregate  remember, we say what it is, we take the good with the challenges  it is basicallyas Cory said, its 35% EBITDA versus 35.4%. Well, if you go back into what Cory said, theres just one line item that I would direct you to  thats 1.9 million of additional expense that was accrued this quarter. Thats all youve got to look at, and so theres already improvement.  And we believe that as we continue to grow, assuming the economy does what we hope Sarah, so if youve got something that we dont know about, thatd be great; but we think that we can continue to see incremental improvement, and as we grow our business organically more quickly, that will help us lift the margins more quickly.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on the sales incentive program, do you expect to start up another incentive program next year?
Powell Brown: The answer is we dont know yet, but I said a year ago and Ive said repeatedly that we would like to continue to do things that stimulate desired performance, and we are going to pay those people who help us drive this company to the next level. So you can interpret that any way you want, but I have said that our program is a one-year plan and were not going to be doing the same plan next year, but we reserve the right to do something that would stimulate growth in less dollars over an extended period of time.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:  Hi, good morning. Thanks. Whats your appetite to buy back stock versusit sounds like theres going to be a pickup in M&A in the very near future. How do you guys think about capital deployment?
Powell Brown: Well Greg, we dont like to use the terms never or always; however, up to this point effectively weve never done a stock buyback except when you talk about an employee stock purchase plan, which is being technical. But we have always thought that we were better off to hold our cash and we thought that we would be able to deploy those in high quality investment opportunities to grow our business. So thats a nice way of saying we dont think that hard about stock buybacks. I would not like to say never or always, as I said again, but were focused on taking our earnings, paying out an appropriate amount in dividends and keeping the rest in the bucket so we can invest it in our business.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then back to M&A, in the commentary you sort of alluded tois it because of the change in, or potential change in tax regime would result in effectively more deals being closed in the fourth quarter, or how should we be thinking about M&A because it sounds like that should be picking up.
Powell Brown: Well heres what I would say, Greg  first of all, weve been in situation where there has been potential changes in taxor tax reform and changes before in the last several years and never seemed to get much lift. And so theres a lot of commentary around the presidential campaign, as we would all imagine, and so I dont believe anything, and we dont believe anything until its done. But I would say that there is an increased interest in potentially combining with a larger firm like ours out there, and so we are talking to everybody as we always do, as I said earlier. The acquisition pipeline is always good, and you can ask me a year from now and it will probably be good, just like it was good a year ago. But people sell their businesses at different times for different reasons, and the good thing about it is we can buy them. We have the cash to do it, number one. We do what we say and say what we do, and we do it quickly; and so thats known and people appreciate that. That doesnt mean they have to culturally fit with us or anything else like that, but we are one that we can do it if we want to, and so thats a good thing and we feel very positive about the outlook between now and the end of the year, and into next year. I dont think its a next 90-day thing; thats not what Im saying. I just think that theres a lot of activity, and we didnt do that many in the third quarter and I hope to do more, and we hope to do more in the fourth quarter.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani with Stifel Nicolaus.
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi, good morning. Just a few quick questions. The Zurich business, the aftermarket program, to what extent do you expect that to impact the margins within the programs division, and how long do you think it would take for those margins to sort of catch up with the existing program division margin?
Powell Brown: Well, we basically said that on that 20 to $25 million of revenue for the first two years, that its going to be probably about a 10% margin; and then we think that that will move up into the more normal range. But were very pleased. There is, I think its 150 teammates that joined us through that. About 90 to 100 are in Kansas City. I was there a week and a half ago and met all of our teammates, and so were very pleased with that. And what also happens is as we grow the business, because Zurich has said they want to double the business in five years, that that will also help us lift the margin. So theres a couple good things going on there.
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thanks. And also in terms of your employee benefits business, weve seen Arthur J. Gallagher partner with a corporate exchange recently, and were seeing Aon working on one. Are you seeing within your own clients any desire to sort of join a corporate exchange, and if so, do you guys have a strategy for the long term there?
Powell Brown: Yeah, no, no. We actuallythere are other firms, as you have alluded to, that have created their own exchanges. We have taken the position that were not going to form our own exchange, and Im not as familiar with those other organizations, what theyre doing. But we are not in the risk-bearing business. We do not want to be in the risk-bearing business. What we want to be able to do is evaluate options for our clients and propose solutions. One of those might be going to an exchange, and if in fact they go to an exchange, then we will probably get paid either in a traditional manner or maybe in some way that is yet to be developed. But we are evaluating the cost of going to those exchanges on behalf of our customers. We are talking about options when it gets to 2014, but as weve said before, we do not want to be a risk-bearer and we believe that there will be a multitude of options that we will be able to bring to bear for our customers. So we think options are good, as opposed to putting all your eggs in one basket.
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks. And then lastly, from the last two releases I know theres been some kind of reallocation between retail programs, both wholesale and services. Is that available for the fourth quarter of 11 somewhere? 
Cory Walker: You know, Im not really sure I follow what youreoh, are you referring to the fact that we have retail as just one segment? Im not sure I understand your question.
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus:  Just in the last couple quarters with the releases, it looks like some of the commissions within the segments have sort of been restated or shifted a little bit when we look back at the prior year.
Cory Walker: Yeah, okay, I understand. I understand what youre saying  thats right. There waswe had three small programs that were in the program side that moved over into the wholesale segment, but basically at the end of this year, its over. Youll basically have all the numbers. Its not a lot of movement, but it was three small operations. 
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, so we should wait until
Cory Walker: Yeah, you know, the quarters will show you those restated numbers. Its not a huge amount.
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And within wholesale, is the slowdown in the organic, is that all related to business going from the standardyou know, a slower shift in business from the standard market to the E&S market, or is that still progressing pretty well?
Powell Brown: Yes, its progressing well. What I think its a function of simplyI mean, this is oversimplified, but pretty simply stated its the rate at which the renewals are going up year-over-year are moderating, and so remember you hear about rate increases in the standard market, and the pressure on rates on the standard market has not been going on as long as it has in the E&S market. So what I mean by that is using the investment communitys vernacular, theyve been up year-over-year substantially in the E&S space, so the comps become a little tougher. Not bad  Im just saying they become a little tougher, and rates arent going up as much, so that moderates the growth on the top line.
Arash Soleimani  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thank you so much for your time.
Operator: Well take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Yes, thank you very much. My question is first of all, the earthquake program at Arrowhead, when did that incept and how many quarters will you getting organic growth out of that?
Powell Brown: Well, we did the acquisition of Arrowhead on January 9 of 2012, so effectively organic growth will actually start next January, meaning the first quarter of next year with Arrowhead.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Yeah, embedded in that, though, as an adjustment you also in addition to the Zurich program started an earthquake program since acquiring Arrowhead?
Powell Brown: No, no, no. No, we have a residential quake program and a commercial quake program, and I dont know where youre picking that up but we have notthose were programs that
Cory Walker: Those are programs that Arrowhead has had for years
Powell Brown: Yeah.
Cory Walker: --and so thatsbut when you compare the internal growth numbers that I gave you, if you just take their numbers when they werent part of us and compare it to the third quarter numbers, and you do an internal growth schedule just for them independently, thats 13%. And the growth of that came from primarily the earthquake program and the DIC, and part of that reason is, as youll remember, back in the late summer there was all these swarms of earthquake that kind of hit southern California, and any time the earth starts to move, you obviously get people that start saying, eh, maybe I ought to be buying earthquake. Ive kind of bided my time; its been 20 years since the last earthquake, so you get stuff like that. So it basically is internal growth there, not new program development.
Powell Brown: We are working on new programs there all the time, but just as a clarification, both quake programs are longstanding programs.
Cory Walker: Right, and the auto aftermarket, it will begin showing new revenue for Arrowhead a little bit in October, but it will really start in November and December. Now, from an official internal growth schedule, we will continuewhatever revenue they get from that auto aftermarket in November and December are going to be lumped into Arrowheads quote acquired revenues, and so wont really reflect as internal growth for this year. Next year when Arrowhead now is with us 12 months, were going to be showing their total numbers as compared to the numbers that they reported in 2012, and that will be part of our internal growth. For the fourth quarter, well do a similar thing we did just now, that well tell you what Arrowheads internal growth was on a standalone basis so youll have essentially both numbers.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Understood, understood. And justits a small point, but Im trying to model that 1Q 13 growth number in programs. The buying habits that increase the amount of earthquake purchasing which has led to a lot of the growth at Arrowhead, I assume that after one year or so, that will probably decelerate, or maybe Im mistaken that that will persist for a while. Or should I think that Arrowhead will have 13% growth plus Zurich in 1Q 13?
Powell Brown: No, no, no. Rememberwell, like I said, when we acquired that business, we said and you may recall that we thought that business could grow at mid to high single digits. Thats what we said. So they had an exceptional quarter, number one. Number two, to answer your question specifically, what increases the buying habits of people buying earthquake coverage? Earthquakes. So if in fact there is an earthquake, the number of people that buy earthquake coverage will go up dramatically. You would find it interesting that in earthquake zones, I have been told by our teammates, that typically only around 13 to 15% of people in those zones buy earthquake coverage, and so in the event that there is a claimI mean, if there was an event, more people will buy earthquake coverage. Thats number one. Number two to your question  why would people buy earthquake coverage from us, i.e. other than someone else, and the answer is we are typically the second or third-largest provider of earthquake coverage in the State of California, behind the California Earthquake Authority and possibly one, maybe two other non-admitted markets, and then us, meaning Arrowhead. And so longwinded answer of saying that they may have earthquake coverage placed elsewhere and they cant get the appropriate limits, or maybe the terms and conditions on our program are better than the program that they have.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Understood, understood. And then one final question on Zurich  can you talk a little bit about how it came to be that you struck up the relationship with Zurich? Im interested to see how Arrowhead picks up new programs and what we can think about the future for how those might be added going forward.
Powell Brown: Okay, so Josh, what youve just heard us describe is unprecedented. So I dont know of anybody picking up a programnot that it hasnt happened, but I cant think of one off the top of my head. So I dont want you to think that this is some emerging trend. We would love it to be an emerging trend with us and we are capable of doing it because weve got the platform to do it now; however, we have had a longstanding relationship with Zurich as an organization. With the acquisition of Arrowhead, that relationship almost doubled in size, and then on top of that this came on top. So weve had a very good relationship with that strong partner over a long period of time and its grown substantially in terms of volume over the last year via the acquisition of Arrowhead and us picking up this program to distribute on their behalf.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Did they propose it to you or did you propose it to them?
Powell Brown: Theywell, lets put it this way: were always talking to our strategic partners about how to grow our businesses, so I might say that could be a mutual discussion.
Cory Walker: And you know, the bottom line is that Arrowhead was able to show Zurich that we can better distribute their product and more efficiently and allow them to focus on the underwriting. And so its a win-win all the way around, so it worked very well.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Very good. Well, more win-wins coming your way. 
Powell Brown: Hopefully!
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody. I think most things have been covered. Just one quick numbers question and then a question about next year. With respect to Zurich, just curious if you could give us a sense in terms of (a) how the revenue progresses quarter to quarter, is there any seasonality in the revenue that we need to think about; and two, just for modeling expense purposes, how much of the expenses are kind of S&B versus G&A, just a rough sense? Youve talked to margins, but just curious of the expense makeup.
Cory Walker: You know, Ill tell you  were going through the budget process right now for next year, so quite frankly I dont have that kind of detail yet. Well be going through that, but there are preliminary estimates. Ill just have to stick with just the fact that it starts out at the 10% margin, somewhere between 10 and 15, and in future conference calls well be able to give you a little better idea when we get through the whole budget season.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay, thats fair. And then just when we think about growth for next year, Id be curious whether or notif were going to see further growth improvement next year, how much from your perspective is rates versus the economy? In other words, I guess as youwell, put another way, did you feel like the economy is the more important factor to growing your business next year, or pricing?
Powell Brown: The former.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay. 
Powell Brown: And remember, Matt, just to go back, throughout this period of time, weve said that exposure units made up probably 75% of the economic downdraft when we came through the last four and a half or five years, and 25% would be rates. I would tell you that thats typically the same. You can have little nuances where someone else earlier alluded to more accounts flowing into the E&S market in certain segments  yes, that helps on a temporary basis. But if you want the macro effect, we are a business, as you know, that is a proxy for the middle market economy, so as the economy improves, that helps our business improve.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: And then just with respectI guess Im thinking Florida more specifically, but I guess you could take this generally too. How important or material going forward is the fact that kind of the housing industry looks to be stabilizing? I say Florida because obviously that potentially has some implications, both consumer and business there; but more broadly as I kind of think about contractors, other small businesses that potentially cater to that end market.
Powell Brown: Yeah, well if you think about it  lets go back to an interesting statistic and then Ill answer that question. If you look at all the economic recovery since 1945 in the United States of America, the southeastern United States has led it out every time, and housing has been a big part of that relative to the construction and investment in our individual communities around in the southeastern United States. In this particular economic recovery, as you know, based on Federal Reserve data, the southeastern United States was the last of the Fed segments to lead out in terms of growth  thats number one.  Number two, the construction business is lumpy in places like Florida specifically, and I go into offices and ask people, how are your contractors doing, and some of them say theyre doing well and they see upticks; some of them are down a little bit. But the prevailing thing, Matt, is this: they dont have a lot of work in the pipeline nine months out, and thats what scares people. That doesnt mean there wont be more work; Im just saying they dont have a good clear view into the next, lets say, two years. In prior cycles, youd have a one and a half, a two-year pipeline for really good contractors.  So I would tell you that the economy seems to be better here in Florida. People feel good. If you go to a restaurant, youd see a lot of people in a restaurant out on a Wednesday or Thursday or Friday night. And the thing I like to say, and I know this resonates with you particularly in New York, is in February at 4:30 in the afternoon on a Thursday, its going to be dark and cold in New York City. On that same Thursday at 4:30 in the afternoon, its going to be sunny and beautiful here in Florida, and we have a somewhat more attractive tax climate here. And so what I mean by that is people are going to want to continue to come to Florida, and so that bodes well for the housing industry and people will have to build homes and condos, and so I think thats a positive thing long term. Its just slower in the recovery than any of us would like, but were just doing our part and trying to sell insurance and do all the best things we can for our existing customers and our new customers.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Thats helpful. And then that nine-month visibility, Id just be curious how that compares to the beginning of the year.
Powell Brown: I would say its similar, Matt, and let me give you an example. Let me give you a real example. I have a friend who runs a large contractor, and this is in the southeastern United States, and they were very large before the slowdown and they came down to maybe a third of their size, okay, at the peak. And now, they are probably about half of their size when they were at the peak, and they dont have one thing in the pipe nine months from now  not one, and that scares them. It would scare me too. And this is a firm that is a very fine firm, and they literallyyou know, mid-2000, theyd have two years of stacked up work coming out their ears. Thats just one example, but Im just saying thats not that uncommon.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you for that.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ray Iardella with Macquarie.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Thanks and good morning. First question, I guess  is there anything to really read into the level of divested revenues of, I guess, through the first three quarters? I guess looking at it, $9 million compared to $4.3 million last year, and then 2 million the year before.
Cory Walker: No, we did have some rather large books that we did decide that it was best to sell at the beginning of the year, but you have those things here and there and its just this year was just a few larger ones.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay. The other thing to maybe, Powell, to go into your commentary last quarter about the difference in pricing between regionals versus nationals, is that something youre still seeing, and maybe could you try to quantify the spread generally speaking?
Powell Brown: I would say, a broad-based statement, regionals tend to be more laser-focused in areas of the country that they are based in and that they have a lot of knowledge about, and classes of business that they feel really comfortable in doing. So yes, I think there continues to be a difference, and it can be pronounced, Ray, on some accounts and it can not pronounced on other accounts. So let me give you an example. Lets pick a good one  you might have a food distributor. Not everybody wants food distributors, but if you had a food distributor and the national carrier wanted a 10% rate increase, and the regional carrier felt good about food distributors in their so-called region of the country, they may do it for flat, they may do it for 3%, 5%, up, or in some instances they might go down on the rate.  So I dont think theres one way to sayI hate to say that, Ray, because you cant give any specifics. Its more generalizations, but I would tell you that typically regional companies are more competitive than national companies if they want to be, particularly on certain classes of business in areas around the country.  I would say, the pricingtheres not one statement, its 5% difference. Its not like that. It could be the same on a bunch of accounts. They could be 10% less, they could be closer than that, but it just depends on the account, the loss experience, where you are in the country.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Got it, okay. Thats a fair statement. The other thing maybe, Cory, going back to your commentary about contingents and guaranteed supplementals, just curious  I mean, is kind of what youre thinking about is all else equal, if the loss ratio of your risk-bearing partners stayed the same from this year to next year, contingents should actually increase just given the switch from supplementals to contingents? Is that the right way to think about it? 
Cory Walker: On that portion of it, because basically the carriers that used to pay us GSCs, they stopped paying us GSCs this year so theyll calculate what the contingent amount would have been earned for this year and theyre going to pay it in 2013. But since its loss ratio based, you could have a big loss at the end of the year and therefore we cant accrue it and we have to wait. So theoretically, if everything stays the same, we do what we think we should do, those GSCs that quote were eliminated from the current year 2012 revenue should naturally flow into the contingencies.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay, thats helpful. The only other question and maybe a quick numbers question  the facultative reinsurance program that you had referenced, how large is that usually on an annual basis in terms of revenues?
Powell Brown: That business is about $3.5 million
Cory Walker: But 2 million now.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie:  Okay. Thanks again for all your answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff with Stevens Incorporated. 
Brett Huff  Stevens: Good morning Powell and Cory. A couple quick questions  a lot of this stuff has been gone over. I just want to dive into the organic growth question again. Cory, just remind me if these numbers are right  so wholesale, you said, was 1.1 million of organic growth this quarter versus 3.4 last quarter. Is that right?
Cory Walker: Thats correct.
Brett Huff  Stevens:  So thats about roughly 100 basis points, and you mentioned that you thought that would stay lower, or you thought itd be sort of in a similar range in 4Q. But then I think you also said, and Powell, you may have alluded to this, that the rate increases are maybe switching more from wholesale to more regular admitted business. Did I hear that right? So could that pick up some of the rate slack?
Powell Brown: No, no, no. The implication is remember, theres been pretty significant rate pressure for a longer period of time, Brett, on the wholesale segment, and I was trying to give you the nuance of saying the rates in that segment are coming down now, and so the year-over-year comparisons are different. In the standard market, the rates have not been going up as long, but still rates are in some lines of business up, but they could be moderating too, we believe, into next year. Thats what we were saying.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay. Got you. And then Cory, on the Proctor, it was a swing of 1.2 million of organic growth in 2Q and a $300,000 decline this year, so a $1.5 million or so. You mentioned that a good chunk of that would flow in in 4Q. Am I hearing that right?
Cory Walker: Well yes, and exactly how much of that flows in is still in large part dependent upon how the clients process it. So clearly the $300,000 thats down for this quarter just from prior year, and then some level of that will flow in higher, so its going to be somewhere above 300,000, up to a million.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay. And then in terms of the Zurich business, Powell, you talked about the margins are going to kind of evolve on that. Is there anything different in howwhen you use Arrowheads distribution capability to go from the 150 million or so that I think that business is now to double that, that incremental dollar of revenue shouldnt have a characteristic certainly any lower than your existing incremental margins, or maybe it should be higher? Is that fair?
Powell Brown: I think that youre moving in the right direction.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay, so Im just curious  when you say that they might be 10 to 15% margins for the first couple years, that seems like that would assume pretty minimal growth.
Powell Brown: Well like I said, we havelike I said, we have as you know, an arrangement in taking over this program which would probably have the margins stay in that area with nominal growth. If the growth is quicker, then we dont know what those are. Were not trying to evasive, but were trying to basically say this is what we know.
Cory Walker: You know, as Powell mentioned, weve got about $165 million in premium in this program. The people that were Zurich employees that are now going to become Arrowhead Brown & Brown employees, that is a set number. We believe that we can double that program with the folks who are now joining us from Zurich plus the folks that are currently at Zurich. We can grow that without adding anything else, and so over time as we grow the program to double, the margins will move up correspondingly.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay. And then in terms ofCory, I think you called sort of an estimate on the incremental margins on the retail business, and was it 50% was kind of your assumption? Is that right?
Cory Walker: Yes, on the internal growth dollars, Im just using a hypothetical 50%. And then on the sell business, Ive kind of thrown in at 80%, which may be a little aggressive but
Powell Brown: Hey Brett, I also wanted to clarify  I think the program premium is about 140.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Oh, okay. Im sorry. Thank you.
Powell Brown: I could be wrong, but its somewhere in between the 140 andlets say, Im thinking its 140. But one way or the other, its a very big program and were very pleased.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay. And Cory, on those incremental margins for retail, its that incremental margin, given that you have the distribution channel in place in retail, incremental dollars should happily mostly flow to the bottom line?
Cory Walker: Thats right, thats right. You know, this is a little bit different than what Ithe number Im using here is kind of a conservative number, and I know that we had talked about how our leverage in retail can be higher than that on the first incremental dollar, and then as time goes on we may have to add another CSR or something like that. But for this purpose, Im just kind of using some rounded numbers just to kind of prove out the margin growth. So you can play with it whichever you think, but thats kind of what Ive used right now.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay. Thats what I needed. Thanks for your time, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Well take our next question from Eric Fraser with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Fraser  Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Two quick follow-ups  first, on the economy. Can you talk a little bit more about the middle market? It sounds like exposures are mostly flat, but can you talk about where youre seeing some improvement that could drive the retail growth?
Powell Brown: Sure. Lets start by saying where is itthere are some obvious and maybe some not so obvious places where its challenged, and then lets talk about where youre going to see upticks. Remember historically, people would say Florida, Michigan, the southwestern United States, all places that we have large concentrations of business would be tough areas to operate. Ive said earlier that Florida is starting to see a little light at the end of the tunnel, and I think its better. Its not good, but its better. In southwest Florida  Fort Myers, Naples area, the economy is a lot tougher down there than a lot of people realize and think, because you think that theres a lot of people that retire from the midwest that are well-to-do and therefore the economy has to be good, and its just not that good. Conversely, when you sayyou know, when I said in the midwest, which includes Michigan, were seeing uptick in exposure units in a lot of our offices  you know, 4, 5, 6, 8%.  So I think, Eric, to answer your question, I think its more of a broad-based scenario where we benefit from exposure increases in and around New York City. We benefit from exposure increases in the Pacific northwest. We benefit from in Florida anywhere. You know, the Pacific northwest was the last to go into the slowdown and they are probably one of the last to come out, and so places like Portland that have still a very significantly high unemployment rate, but businesses seem to be doing better there.  I would say the general statement if I made a comment on the middle market economy of America, and Im not an economist, is this: what were seeing in our customers is that they are replacing newer vehicle with older vehicles, but they are not expanding their fleet sizes, and they are watching carefully and being very, very selective on how they invest in major capital improvements in their business.
Eric Fraser  Goldman Sachs:  Sure, okay. That makes sense. And then back to the bonus incentive comp plan, how much of the growth this year would you attribute to that plan? Or said another way, would growth have been lower if you didnt have that plan in place this year?
Powell Brown: We dont know the exact answer to that, but what is important, Eric, that you know is this: there are a lot of our teammates that have worked really hard over the last five years and they have kept every single one of their accounts, and the size of their books of businesses have shrunk because of shrinking exposure units. And so we did this for two reasons: number one, we did it to drive and stimulate growth, but we also did it for a reward for desired behavior in the sense that its been a tough five years in growing businesses, as you know, at least in our space, and so this was an opportunity to say thanks to everybody thats pushing really hard in our system and give them a reward. So we havent broken it out, but I can tell you either way, were happy with the results.
Eric Fraser  Goldman Sachs:  Right.
Cory Walker: And I think youve a producer force that is very, very focused.
Eric Fraser  Goldman Sachs:  And then one last one, if I could  just in terms of the services growth there, can that pace of internal growth continue going forward?
Powell Brown: I dont know. Wed like to think so. Weve got some great leaders in there, but once again, its lumpier in that space and so I dont know the answer to that. We think we can grow organically; we just dont know if it can replicate those that have been released the last two quarters.
Eric Fraser  Goldman Sachs:  Sure thing. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our final question from Chris Likum (ph) with William Blair.
Chris Likum  William Blair: Hi, good morning. Just two quick ones for you guys  I might have missed this in your initial commentary, but on audit premiums, what kind of general trends are you guys seeing, and when do you think that could become sort of a tailwind? Are you thinking they could turn positive next year?
Powell Brown: Yeah, what were seeing is were beginning on some accounts to see additional premiums, which is positive, and were not seeing as many significant return premiums. So Ive said starting early part of this year, Q1, Q2, that its really about a 16-month lag as youwell, 14 to 16 month lag, Chris, as you know, because if you bind an account in April of this last year, then it renews next April and the carrier had May and June to go out and do the actual audit, so its going to be 60 to 90 days after that that you have the additional premium. And all of those are not concurrent or April 1 or October 1. They come in April 15, April 1, April 30, any time you have an effective date. So I would say that the trend, if the economy continues to do what it seems to be doing, if it continues to perk along and go up, I think thats positive on that.
Chris Likum  William Blair: Okay, great. And then just wanted to get into benefits real quick. What general percent would you give as a percent of total retail business is the benefits practice, and then what sort of demand environment are you seeing on that front, and that is a headwind or a tailwind for organic and retail business?
Powell Brown: Okay. Last year we did $608 million of core revenue in retail. There was 190 million of employee benefits in there. This year, were probably on a run rate of about 230 in employee benefits.
Chris Likum  William Blair: Okay.
Powell Brown: Thats number one. Number two, we think employee benefits right now is a very positive thing to internal growth. We are talking to all of our existing customers and specifically new customers about it because theres all kind of confusion around healthcare reform and what happens when, and who does what and whos responsible for what, and how do I get fined if this happens or do I get fined. And so a lot of it is we have to hold our customers hand, which is what we do, and educate them and walk them through the process to get them whats in the best interest of their teammates. And so we see it as a very positive thing.
Chris Likum  William Blair: Great. And then you said rates were contracting in the small lives market. How much of your benefits business would you put in small lives, or its just
Powell Brown: No, no, not contracting. I said they were up 5 to 10%.
Chris Likum  William Blair: Okay. I thought you said there was pressure on rates in the small.
Powell Brown: No, pressure upwards  sorry. Upward pressure, I meant. Yeah, but Im going to answer the question specifically. Of the $190 million of revenue last year, about a third of that business was ancillary business, so call that group life, group dental, group vision, disability, et cetera. Of that two-thirds that are left, just over half of that is large group  thats in excess of 50 lives. So just slightly less thanlets call it just slightly less than a third of that business is smaller group, and so depending on the part of the country youre in, some of that business used to be on commission, and weve seen a lot of that move from a commission-based business to a per-head, per-month, so the only way we get more revenue is when they add new teammates. Thats number one. Number two, we are seeing in smaller businesses, particularly blue collar businesses, where people are just dropping the coverage. They say  I know this sounds crazy  they just say, let the government figure it out, and thats real. Im not making that up. So there are people that are good, hardworking citizens, but they basically say this is just too crazy and they just drop the coverage. Were seeing that too.
Chris Likum  William Blair: Okay, very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Id like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Yes, thank you Lisa. No additional remarks. I hope everybody has a wonderful quarter and we look forward to talking to you after Q4. Good day.
Operator: And that concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including your answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities law. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made. As a result of a number of factors, including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
Powell Brown: Thank you, (Lisa). Good morning, everybody. We're here this morning in lovely San Diego with our board visiting Arrowhead and so it's 5:30 local time and we're glad everybody could join us. I'll turn it over to Cory for the financial report.
Cory Walker: Thanks, Powell. Now that we have two straight quarters of positive internal growth, we at least have the beginnings of a trend. Our net income for the second quarter of 2012 of $42.5 million was up 14.7% over last year's second quarter. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.29, which is 11.5% over the $0.26 that we earned last year second quarter. From our revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 17.9% or $289.9 million. That's up from the $246 million that we earned last year. In our press release is our normal table that summarizes our total growth rates and our internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees which excludes profit sharing contingencies as well as our guaranteed supplemental commissions, our GSCs. Relative to our profit sharing contingency commissions, we only received $1 million this year, which is a $1.3 million decrease from the $2.3 million that we received last year. The vast majority of this net decrease was from our wholesale brokerage division. We still estimate that we will receive around $10 million to $11 million of profit sharing contingencies in the third quarter and that for the fourth quarter of 2012 we may receive between $2 million and $3 million as long as there are no hurricanes that hit Florida this year. Additionally, we accrued $2.3 million of guaranteed supplemental commissions in the second quarter of 2012 and that's about $600,000 less than the $2.9 million that we accrued last year in the second quarter. As we mentioned in our first quarter conference call, this reduction is primarily due to the fact that some of our insurance carrier partners have reverted back to their profit sharing contingent commission contracts beginning in 2012. Now looking at our internal growth schedule, we did have a strong positive internal growth rate of 3.2%. For the second quarter of 2012, our total core commissions and free fees increased 20.5% or $48.8 million of net additional core commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $41.1 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $7.7 million of new commissions and fees on a same-stores sales basis and that is a first time  it's the first time in a long time that we had positive internal growth in each of our four divisions. Powell will talk about the activities in each of those business segments in a minute. Our investment income decreased by approximately $200,000 but correspondingly our other income increased by roughly $300,000. Our pre-tax margin for the second quarter of 2012 was 24.5% and that's compared to our pre-tax margin of 24.9% in the second quarter of last year, so 40 basis point differential. The employee compensation benefits as a percentage of total revenues was 51.8%. That's an increased from the 51.0% factor we had last year second quarter. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation benefits was approximately $24.9 million or 19.8% increase. Of that amount, $19.2 million was attributable to just the new, standalone acquisition since last year. Therefore, if you exclude the impact of the standalone acquisition, we had $5.7 million of additional compensation on kind of a semi same-store sales basis because obviously we had to have roll-ins that include that number. Of this increase, we had $1.5 million was due to a new one-time 2012 additional producer commissions that are going to be paid to our retail division commission producers for their growth of their 2012 production. In addition to that, we had another miscellaneous $300,000 other production bonuses that were paid out this quarter. We also had about $200,000 of new salaries for new producers that joined our system. We had $600,000 with an increase due to just our group health insurance costs and then we had roughly about $360,000 of additional payroll taxes relating to increased compensation and others. If you take these four incremental compensation and benefit costs, they added about 110 basis points to our ratio of compensation and benefit expenses as a percentage of total revenue. Additionally, as we discussed in the first quarter, we have a subsidiary, a new acquisition called ICG which has a very unusual revenue recognition policy that delays the revenues for almost a seven-year period. Because of that, we have fairly high compensation costs in the meantime relative to the revenues and that added about 40 basis points from an incremental basis to our employee benefit cost percentage. And as we talked about in the first quarter, that will continue until the fourth quarter when it will be comparable comparisons, fourth quarter, fourth quarter. So if you exclude  again, if you exclude those items on a cost differential basis, our employee compensation benefit cost as a percentage of total revenue would be 50.8% in the 2012 second quarter and that's comparing to the 51% in the second quarter last year, so a slight improvement excluding those items. Our non-cash stock based compensation cost was up on a net basis $1 million, which was due to new grants under our stock incentive plan. The majority of these were grants under the  from before the Arrowhead acquisition. In the current quarter, other operating expenses increased as a percentage of total revenues 30 basis points to 14.5% and that is from 14.2% last year in the second quarter. Other operating expenses increased $7.2 million and that's a 20.7% increase. However, if you take just the standalone acquisitions, they added about $7.6 million of these net costs and, therefore, on an existing semi same-store sales basis, they had actually net decrease in operating expenses of about $400,000. This net decrease was primarily related to $700,000 in cost savings from our occupancy and office rental costs. Excluding the operations from these new standalone operations, other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased to 13.7% versus last year's 13.8%. Amortization and depreciation in aggregate went up $2.6 million and that is primarily due to acquisition. Our interest expense increased roughly $400,000 over the prior year as a result of our increased borrowings of the $200 million that we borrowed for the Arrowhead acquisition. Our change in estimated acquisition earnout payable was a credit of $603,000 this quarter versus a debit of $1.6 million last year in the second quarter and thus there is a swing of $2.2 million differential there. Our effective tax rate for 2012 is expected to continue to run at approximately 40.3% and that's primarily due to our higher state income tax rates on an aggregate basis. So to conclude, we ended up with net income of $42.5 million and that reflects a very nice 14.7% increase over last year's second quarter. So that financial overview, I'll give it back to Powell.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cory, great report. We're very pleased with our organic growth in the second quarter. Some carriers are increasing rates 10%, 15% regardless of loss experience. This is not the norm but more on isolated instances. Regional carriers tend to be seeking slightly less increases than national carriers and we closed $11.8 million of annualized revenues via acquisitions in the second quarter. In retail, we were 30 basis points positive versus negative 70 basis points in Q1. Kind of going around the horn, Florida, property is up. It's really up. It's flat to up 10 points. GL is flat to up five. Auto is flat to up five. Exposures are flat to up slightly. GL construction rates are down five to up five. RMS11 continues to impact different carriers differently both in the standard market and the E&S markets. We're seeing the impact in Tier II counties as much if not more than in Tier I counties. That's not just in Florida. That's in most cat-prone areas. In the southeast, other than Florida, property is flat to up five. GL is flat. Auto is flat to up slightly. Exposures are up slightly. Comp is under pressure. South Carolina, up a couple points; Tennessee up eight, 10, 15 points. Georgia is flat to up five. There are certain  there is a certain carrier or certain carriers that are committing to drive the  committed to drive their rates on their book up 10% and they're willing to stick by it. Regional carriers are typically a little bit more  they're a little more flexible. I would say that property  in the property arena, underwriting approach is firming, as you can tell, and construction has to be there for an individual market to go up or give on price. So something that  it's just more stringent underwriting guidelines at the present time. In Louisiana and Texas, property is plus give to plus 10. GL is flat to up 10. Auto is up three to eight. Work comp is up five to 10. Exposures are flat to up 10. The marketplace continues to be similar to what I said in the southeastern states. Construction rates are up five to 10 and exposures are up five to 10 in construction. In the northeast, property, GL and auto are all flat to up 5% and exposures are typically flat to up slightly. The marketplace update, New York City construction rates are going crazy. GL rates are up 25% to 40% and umbrellas are up more. There are some three-year policies on non-construction business that are coming up and those are up plus 10 or more. In the Midwest, property is up 1% to 8%. GL is 2% to 5%. Auto is flat. Work comp, depending on the state, is 0% to 8%. Exposures are pretty flat. Rates are up 5% but exposures in construction are down 20% to up 10%. Regionals continue to be strong in the Midwest. They're seeking typically less rate than national carriers. Work comp is tightening. National carriers are trying to get rates and they're trying to stick to it. In the west, property is flat to up 5%. GL and auto, flat to up 5%; exposures out here in the west are down 5% to up 5%. The work comp line, led by the wonderful state of California, as you know, had 122% combined ratio last year. Rates are easily up 5% to 10% or more depending on the class of business. Construction rates are up 0% to 5% and the theme in the west is work comp is tightening across the board. In the wholesale arena, we grew 7.9% versus 5.5% in Q1. Brokerage property rates are up 5% to 15%. It's very model driven. RMS11 has continued  it's not just starting but continues to have a major impact on pricing and aggregate distribution. GL rates are flat, not many reductions. Habitational rates, particularly on frame, garden style apartments are going up. Losses are catching up with the carriers. We're seeing more construction accounts in the E&S arena than we have in the past. In the binding authority arena, Florida rates are up 10% to 20% primarily driven by RMS11. In the Midwest, rates are up 5% to 7%. The regional markets, meaning the standard markets, are still very competitive and are a big competitor versus the binding authority E&S. Exposures are up slightly. The northeast, rates have been up about 5% but are now flattening or we think potentially decreasing through the end of the year. Reinsurance rates were flat in Q2. The programs arena, programs are up 7.1% versus up 60 basis points in Q1. Professional programs are plus 1.5 versus plus 40 basis points and special is up 9.3 versus up 70 basis points. FIU, rates are flat to up 10%. Admitted market continues to be very competitive, one in particular. They typically have different win deductibles than we have. CalSurance and professional rates are flat to down slightly. Dental rates are flat. Lawyer rates are zero to 10% up. In the services arena, we are up 10.1% versus up 5.6% in Q1. NewQuest, led by (Tracy Lazipina), our Medicare set aside business and advocator group, led by (Mike Crow), our social security disability advocacy firm, both had great quarters and hats off to both of them. Thank you. From an acquisition standpoint, we did $11.8 million in acquisitions year to date. There are lots of discussions going on. Inventory is good and Im pleased on where we are year to date. In conclusion, national carriers are pushing rate the most, although regionals also want it. Work comp seems to be running a temperature everywhere. Last year in the industry was at 118 combined which is the highest it's been since 1994, excluding 2001. The acquisition landscape continues to be active as there are lots  there's lots of speculation around future tax changes. And finally, we're very pleased with our 3.2% internal growth in the second quarter. Every division of our business grew organically. Retail went up 30 basis points positive. Please remember, retail is our largest segment. This is the first time it's been positive in a long time. This will improve as the middle market improves. With that said, (Lisa), I'd like to turn it back to you to have questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Keith Walsh  Citi.
Keith Walsh: First question for Powell, just on the economy and I guess we keep seeing mixed signals in the news. But what would have to happen in the macro economy for exposures to really retrench from current levels in retail? I've got a couple follow-ups.
Powell Brown: Well, that's a good question. I think that our business, as we've always said, is a proxy of the middle market economy. And so what we're seeing, Keith, is our clients are cautious about increasing exposures on renewal, even if they know that they're going to be up. And so we've talked about that in prior calls. So I think that there's lots of uncertainty, particularly as it revolves around an election year. I think certainty is better than uncertainty. I've basically said that I think there are two things that overhang the economy. I've said this for the last 18 months that are unusual and different. One is here in America. One is not. I've always said that I think that the environment in Europe is worse than it seems in terms of the banking situation and that could have a blowback onto our economy in the United States and impact our business. The second thing is I still think that there's still a cropping up of the real estate market. I don't know the solution but in terms of Fanny, Freddie, Sallie, in terms of the mortgage environment, so there's a lot of work being done there as well. We still see pockets in our business which are very tough operating environments, places like Naples, Florida, which you probably wouldn't think of. And yet you would think of Las Vegas or Detroit. And so I wish that I had a crystal ball, Keith, on the economy. But we watch very closely and we're trying to obviously do what's in the best interest of our customers and sell a lot of new business.
Keith Walsh: And then for Cory, maybe you can just give us an update on Arrowhead. Are you still on track for your accretion targets?
Cory Walker: We are. They are proceeding along on their goal as we mentioned that we expect for the whole year they'll be at the $40 million EBITDA. So they're doing very, very well.
Keith Walsh: And then just lastly for Powell, you've been mentioning RMS11 the last few calls and it seems like there's more runway here. Can you just comment on that and where specifically are you seeing this regionally?
Powell Brown: Let me give you an example just to kind of give some color around it. Certain carriers are being driven by their reinsurance carriers to adopt it carte blanche. Certain carriers are adopting it partially because they're looking at a blended model with air, the other model that's used frequently. And so if you have a carrier, a standard carrier, that has to adopt it carte blanche across the board and all of a sudden, as an example, they  when they model things  let's just say in Orland, Florida. So it is 60 miles to the coast east, maybe 45 at the closest point, and it's 70 miles to Tampa. And so the model all of a sudden shows that their rates go up in that particular instance 40% to 400%, one carrier. So what that means is that all of their business in central Florida is going to go away. That is not indicative of every carrier. Please don't take that out of context. What it is, though, is it's indicative of a carrier or one or two carriers and so there is a movement in this marketplace. And so I think that a model is probably never actually perfect correct. You could run 10,000 (inaudible) simulations and you're going to come up with all kinds of different scenarios based on very few variables. I think what it is is there are some companies that are being driven by their reinsurance carriers to act and adopt it more strictly than others. That's how I would view it. (Lisa)?
Operator: Our next question comes from (Yurin Canur)  Deutsche Bank.
(Yurin Canur): Question on the retail space; congralations on turning it to positive organic growth for the first time in several years. But at the same time, I guess, 30 basis points with the competition going on now to grow your organic base by at least 5%, maybe it seems like a little bit light but maybe you can give a little more color on why we should expect those high of numbers or maybe what the trajectory would be from here.
Powell Brown: (Yurin), can you  I want to make sure I understood that about the others. I heard your question but did you talk about somebody else trying to grow towards 5%? Is that what you were saying?
(Yurin Canur): No, but if I move  remember correctly, you put in place a competition or I think you called it a competition between your retail producers to grow at least 5% organically. And it seems like you've had some expenses come in from that.
Powell Brown: That's correct. I got it.
(Yurin Canur): So why weren't we seeing more organic growth to go along with that?
Powell Brown: So basically depending on where you are in the country, what offices, we are seeing more growth in certain offices. Some offices it's just like anything else. In a larger organization you're going to have offices that have really good quarters and or be down a quarter or revenue can shift from one quarter to another. What I would tell you, (Yurin), that we're pleased about is the trend, assuming that the middle market economy continues to improve, is moving in the right direction and that is the growth engine of our business because you know 60% of the revenue last year. So I would say that we continue to look for incremental improvement in the retail space and we're working towards that for the next  in the future. And (Yurin), I think you've got to kind of reflect on where retail was. If you go all the way back to '08, '09, we were negative 8.7. Then we were negative 4.8 and then in 2011 we were negative 4.2 and now we're just basically back to flat with the retail division. So it's trending the right direction and, as you know, we're very tied to the middle market economy. And even though the middle market economy it just seems like it's found it's fee, it's not necessarily going to move up quickly but we think it will be a gradual come back. And I think that's positive because that is the largest division and I think there is real potential there.
(Yurin Canur): And a couple follow-ups on that point, so would it be fair to assume that roughly 50% of the eligible producers were able to achieve growth similar to last quarter just because the numbers seem similar?
Powell Brown: Well, (Yurin), I would think you might have seen our schedule and it really is very close to 50%.
(Yurin Canur): And could you give us some estimates of what portion of  the 50% that actually made that 5% target, what portion of their growth came from new business?
Cory Walker: We don't  well, we track new business and we are making  we set up accrual on a quarterly basis and we can't answer that right now because it'll look at the end  we'll look back on that at the end of the year. But a lot of it.
Powell Brown: Yes, because don't forget the retail in total is just marginally up, which is a little bit exposure in rate. So just naturally those 50% that did exceed it generally are still playing in the same realm and they're getting the same kind of price increases. So the majority of it is new business.
(Yurin Canur): So when I think about next year, that extra 5% bonus goes away and then the compensation naturally goes down from 40% to 20%. Is it because of the renewal business?
Powell Brown: That is theoretically correct the way you're thinking about it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sarah DeWitt  Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt: Now that organic growth is firmly in positive territory, when do you think we could see margin expansion?
Powell Brown: Well, if you remember, Sarah, we talked about  I specifically said in October on the call that I was prepared to take the margin down slightly or keep it flat to grow the business organically. We know that we can grow our business organically and increase the margin. The great part about it, as you know, is on every incremental dollar of revenue on the existing account, that can be very profitable into our business units, meaning I'm talking about exposure increases. I'm not talking about new business that's on top of it. And so we're working very hard to grow our business organically and improve our margins.
Sarah DeWitt: Is there a level of organic growth at which point we would expect margin expansion and at what point we should expect margins to be flat?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, as Cory articulated so nicely earlier, we have some additional expenses that are flowing through right now, which Im perfectly comfortable with. And I've said that we're going to do things that will stimulate growth and reward performance. So that's a nice way of saying we said this is a one-year sales contest and that's exactly what it is. But we may do things in the future that will continue to stimulate growth. But no, there's not a stated internal growth number where margins expand. I know that you're referring to someone else that said that that's how it works for them but we feel good about our business in a normal, steady state. When we grow our business organically we believe we can get margin expansion.
Cory Walker: And Sarah, as I tried to explain, is that if you take those four or five items that are relatively newer cost, basically that's 1.1 percentage points on the margin. And then that one operation we have, ICG, adds another 40. So that's 1.5 points on the compensation employee benefit line and that basically moves us down to just without anything else that's roughly 50.3% versus last year's same quarter at 51%. So that in itself is a margin improvement. We do have a couple other unique things. For instance, like Proctor, they do an exceptional job in their area. But to compete with the big 800 pound gorillas in that space, several years ago we had beefed up their IT and they provide really superior service in that area to the smaller, mid-size banks and mortgage bankers. And for instance, they grew for the year to date roughly $2.2 million from new accounts that they had picked up. But at the same time they're having to beef up their IT area and really very much some of the best systems in the industry. But they've added $1.6 million of employee costs and benefits relative to that. So that's part of their growth plans and so that, even excluding the differential that I just explained to you. So overall, margins will continue to increase. This is just a transitional year and we're just focused on internal growth in the short term right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Iardella  Macquarie.
Ray Iardella: I guess first, Powell, I know you mentioned $11.8 million of revenues closed year to date in terms of acquisitions (inaudible) looking pretty good. And potentially the cat situation this year could lead to some more opportunities. But do you think you can talk about the appetite for another larger deal similar to an Arrowhead?
Powell Brown: The $11.8 million, just as clarification, were closed in the second quarter. And as you know, Arrowhead was the largest acquisition that we've ever done and we're very pleased with the teammates. I have met a large number of our teammates. Of the 520 I've met, probably 480 of them here in San Diego, and we're very pleased with the team here. That said, there aren't many Arrowheads out there, meaning there's only one and we purchased them. I have said to the team here and I will say to the team or everyone on the call that if there was another Arrowhead out there or something similar, tomorrow we buy it. And so we've always said it's all about the people because good people develop and grow good businesses and attract more good people. It sounds kind of trite, I understand that. It sounds sort of basic management 101. But we really believe that. And so we continue to look at acquisitions of all sizes and shapes and there's lot of speculation by people on this call and others about all kinds of things that could happen in this industry. That said, the great part about it is that we feel really good about our company and we're committed to keep doing what we're doing for a long period of time and acquiring strategically good partners.
Ray Iardella: And then I guess maybe talk about organic growth at Arrowhead. I think you had mentioned on track to reach sort of the $40 million of EBITDA. But is organic growth still as strong as it was in the first quarter?
Cory Walker: Yes, yes.
Ray Iardella: And that's around the 7% to 8% range, if I recall.
Cory Walker: Yes, 6% to 8%.
Ray Iardella: Then lastly, I don't know if you guys talk about this metric or use the metric but organically has the producer or agent count increased year-over-year or has that been pretty steady, I guess trying to strip out acquisitions? Has that been a pretty consistent number or has that been going up or down?
Powell Brown: Well, we consistently, as you know, we invest  we allocate 1% of revenues into a people category in which we invest in high-quality, new people who are not originally in budgets. And so we supplement that expense or offset a portion of that expense at the local level in sort of a partnership or a cost sharing basis through the local offices. So we are looking to organically grow that number and invest in our teammates around the country in different  in all four segments of our business. But, no, we haven't given that metric in the past but that's what we're doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heimermann  JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann: A couple questions, one, just if we think about in retail the slight growth we're seeing this quarter, could you give us a sense of what that looks like by product  in other words, if Im a retail agent, let's say in San Diego, I mean, how much if I'm up 0% to 1%, how much is work comp contributing, how much is (NYSEARCA:GAL), auto, property, construction, kind of the normal costs that you talk about rate change in and exposure change in?
Cory Walker: Matthew, take this in the spirit it's intended. It's very different for every producer. Some producers are specialists where they'll write just construction or just healthcare, just as an example. And inside of healthcare, there would be a focus on nursing homes or assisted living facilities or hospitals and in the construction business it might be residential or inhabitational. It's condominiums and apartments. And so what you find is  and then you, conversely, you have people who are more generalists and they write different kinds of businesses all over the place. So you can have a manufacturing operation and a construction firm and a beer distributor. And so that's a hard answer to give. We don't track it that way in terms of what really makes it a comp over property over whatever the case may be. I would say that if you look inside of the books of business with the production force of Brown & Brown and you listen, as I know you did, closely to what I said on rates, you hear a recurring theme of comp pressure and property pressure. Those are the recurring themes. And so different states, as you know handle work comp differently. And Florida is a state where you have dividends and wealth sensitive programs but the rates are fixed. In a state like California, there's rate variability, so you could go up or down due to the deviating of the rate. And so you have more discrepancies in rates in California versus in Florida but I would content that the buyer ultimately gets the same benefit long term if they are profitable, meaning if they have low losses.
Matthew Heimermann: Just in terms of  one of the  the comment that stuck out to me in your prepared commentary was just the comment that in the northeast you've got some price  or I think you said GL but that was looking like it was starting to roll over. And I guess the question is when you think about what you're seeing with price on the carrier side, do you think the underwriting approach is to kind of look at this in terms of get what you need today or do you feel like people have kind of a multiyear rate need and are addressing the market as such as kind taking it as they don't want to push too hard and they'd be willing to get it over one or two years?
Powell Brown: Well, I think that the answer is sort of a bifurcated answer. There are certain carriers that are sticking to their guns. Most of those are national carriers more so than regional but both regionals, too. And I think that if  we all know that the industry is overcapitalized to the tune of probably $550 billion. That was as of the end of last year. And so you have  it sounds good to have rate pressure, upward rate pressure for the near to intermediate term. But the reality is will it stick? And let me elaborate. I have said and will say today and in the future that I think that rate increases in the current  rate increases in the near to intermediate term can continue to go up. I think that the rate at which they go up moderate. That's a broad statement. On a specific statement, if you look inside the excess and surplus lines market, specifically the property, the cat property providers, if in fact there is no wind event this year  so by December 1, if there has not been a wind event, nothing comes into (Harith) county in Texas, nothing rips into Florida or Louisiana, nothing comes into the coast up in the mid Atlantic, I would tell you that I think there's going to be downward pressure on those rates next year. Downward may not be all negative. It might be just flat. But I dont think it goes up as much because of the amount of capital that's chasing it. I'd like to clarify for you, Matthew, one other thing. The comment that I made was in the E&S markets and it was in binding authority specifically. So that is one place very isolated in a northeast region and so that could change depending on the experience of that particular market or those markets. But as a general rule, we're seeing flat to upward pressure on rates everywhere for the near term.
Matthew Heimermann: And then just one last question on how should we think  you've done a pretty good job of laying out the kind of the expenses and how we should think about kind of adjusting for comps there. But Im just curious. When we look at the services revenue given the very quick ramp we've seen in growth off the Medicare and Social Security disability programs, should we think about that kind of being a disproportionate one-year growth bump that then moderates? I just want to get my arms around that.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that the way I would want you to think about services is not unlike the acquisition landscape. I think that it's kind of lumpy, not bumpy, lumpy. And so I don't  I think that you should  I don't think that you should think of it as just a one-year event but Im saying I think it could be up but up less in the future or it could be up more. It just depends because of the opportunities and the services that they're providing to their carrier partners.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields: One, is it fair, Powell, to infer that more business that you're placing is going to the regionals, if they're being less aggressive on pricing and get a better deal for your clients that way?
Powell Brown: We, Meyer, do a lot of business, as you know, with regional carriers already. And so that's going to occur on an office-by-office basis. Regional carriers typically don't have large property capacity or they may have constraints relative to the limits that they put up, even on a liability basis. So you could draw that conclusion but I don't think that that's categorically across the board fair.
Meyer Shields: When we look at the trend for other income, it actually came down. Is it fair to view that as a positive because it means that fewer producers are leaving and buying the books of business?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, we don't, as you know, when we invest in someone, in an agency, we intend for them to be part of Brown & Brown for the duration. And as you know, sometimes people's attitudes or views on the world change and maybe they would be better served being part of a different team. We don't like people to go to other teams but sometimes it's better for both parties involved. So like I said, on $1,150,000,000 base, we're going to have some people leave periodically and we'll have some dispositions.
Cory Walker: And Meyer, I'd warn you to that as a general rule we don't feel like we lose that many producers that we want. And not all the businesses that we sell is  some of the business that we sell are people that we've asked to leave, too.
Meyer Shields: There's been a lot of I guess political rhetoric about fourth place housing rates. Is that a threat to Proctor going forward?
Powell Brown: Sure. We've got it. Youve got an environment that is very unclear as yet and so you've got an environment that is probably going to be more highly regulated and absolutely could be a threat.
Meyer Shields: Is there any way of quantifying that or you just have to wait and see what happens?
Powell Brown: Well, we don't know. That's the thing. I mean, once again, someone may  somebody may dictate the rates that they charge or  we don't know. It is unclear as of yet and as that information becomes available we'll provide it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes  SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Any noticeable trend through the quarter in terms of the tone of business, how did trends look as you exited the 2Q compared to when you started?
Powell Brown: Well, like I said, I would tell you that we were pretty darn pumped, about a 3.2% internal growth and the fact that we had growth in all four of our divisions was good. So I would say that's good and a lot of people feel really good about it and it's not just me. So I know that's not a very scientific answer but I would tell you that I think the trend is positive.
Mark Hughes: Cory, the 1.5 points of extra expenses on the comp line, if we look at Q3, is there any reason why that might be a little bit higher or a little bit lower? And I will sort of ask a question again. How much more organic would it take to kind of overcome that  say your pre-tax is down 40 basis points year-over-year. You know, how much more organic would it take to put you in flat territory?
Cory Walker: Well, on the first question, I think it's probably fair to go and assume about he same level given all the same fact patterns they reoccur in. You know, it should be relatively consistent on that. So with that said, when you pull that out, I make the argument that you basically do have margin improvement, even at this level. Keep in mind the retail only grew a total of $400,000 net, 0.3, and I think that is an even stronger engine for the margin side of it. So, again, I think we've  outside these items I've listed, our margins will continue to improve.
Mark Hughes: So assuming incremental improvement in the retail then we should get  the margin picture should be better, obviously.
Cory Walker: As the internal growth gets stronger, yes, from here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber  William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Wholesale clearly had a good quarter. Rates are beginning to go up. Are risks beginning to flow back in that market also?
Powell Brown: What's interesting, Adam, as you know, we've talked about the three kinds of risks that exist. You have those that are always in the standard market, those that are always in the E&S market and then you have the tweeners and the tweeners actually tend to tilt towards the E&S market. I would tell you that a lot of that tweener business had gone into standard markets for a period of time and I do believe some of that is starting to come back not  this is not a gusher. I don't want you to get that impression. I'm just saying I think that the E&S marketplace is seeing more and more business opportunities today than ever before. Part of that is driven by this risk appetite. Part of that is also driven by some exposure increases in certain classes of business, i.e. some areas of the country that are seeing some construction improvement. So I would tell you that they're seeing a lot of accounts. I would say that's driven on a tweener class but I don't think it's a gusher yet.
Adam Klauber: Specialty programs, I think you mentioned it was up 9%. What was driving that?
Powell Brown: Proctor was big. Cory, what else?
Cory Walker: Yes, Adam, that grew roughly $2.2 million and Proctor was about $1.2 million of that. And then the other $1 million really came from a lot of all the other different programs in $200,000, $300,000 each chunk. So overall programs are all moving well and there's very few that were really negative.
Adam Klauber: And then finally in acquisitions, I think you mentioned pipeline's pretty good. We've heard from a number of sources that the market's also pretty robust. There are properties out there. Any reason over the next 12 months we would see  I know the acquisition business is lumpy but any reason over the next 12 months we would see like the norm, the deal flow return to what it usually is?
Powell Brown: Well, Adam, your guess would be as good as ours on that because, as we've said, it's all about good people and the properties that become available. We're actively looking all the time. We are proactive in that process, as you know. And so we'd like to think that there would be a lot of opportunities for us to consider. But it would be purely a wild ass guess on my part if, in fact, I said it's going to be in, so-called, your definition of normal. But we think it's going to be  we think it looks good.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Ferrell  Sterne, Agee.
Dan Ferrell: I just want to come back on the expenses and ask you within the incentive structure there's some parts that you're definitely trying to think about as sort of one year, like the contest, for example. Im wondering what are the chances that those would be extended or become a more permanent part of the structure? And obviously pricing improves and the economy improves then it's easier to pull that back. But if those positives were to moderate you may face a decision further down the road of choosing between organic growth and margin expansion and I wanted to just try to see how you think about that decision.
Powell Brown: Sure, let's make sure that we're clear. This contest is for one year. I've basically said that we want to do things that stimulate growth. In the future we'll try different things and we want to award performance. So we are more focused on margins than it seems to anybody else and we're going to continue to be focused on margins but we're going to grow our business organically. So as I said in October, I'm prepared to do things that will help drive both of those forward, Dan.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Ron Bobman  Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman: I had a question. Powell, you hypothesized that if we don't have any sort of active storms that there will be rate pressure, I guess sort of your answer is (early) some point in the near future. And I was wondering, we haven't had significant storms in obviously sort of (Harris) County or in Florida. We've had obviously some tornadoes and hail that have been mostly sort of homeowners events. But for the most part it's been cat free the last few years in the US. It's really been, I think, sort of interest rates that have been maybe the number one thing hammering carriers. So why isn't the sort of table set for rates to just continue even in the absence of a storm?
Powell Brown: Rates to go up you mean?
Dan Ferrell: Yes, continued to sort of lap increases that they've been experiencing.
Powell Brown: Well, it's interesting. That, Ron, is very logical and rational and Im not saying it's not correct. But as you know, our industry, the risk bearers, that has not been the case historically. And so if you look at the amount of capital that's been destroyed over the last 20 or 25 years, chasing returns, it's substantial. So I would tell you that I don't think the underwriting marketplace is rational all the time. And so I think that  I've said that the best estimate that I've got is we could see rate pressure for the near to intermediate term which Im considering, for the sake of this discussion, to be the next 12 to 18 months.
Dan Ferrell: Would you acknowledge though that the rates that have gone up, let's say the last 12 months  maybe they're picking up steam the last thee or six months  that's contrary to carrier practice in the past, and again, logical but contrary to the convention that you always need a cat to create rates or you need companies collapsing?
Powell Brown: Well, I think what you've got is there is a  I'm going to call it kind of a  the carriers are in a conundrum. And the conundrum basically is they're looking for returns, the ROEs that would be acceptable to the investment community. That would be investment returns, in terms of on their investments so low, that drives that acceptable combined ratio way down. And what you have now is you have two things that are going on. Work comp is running a temperature across the board. And number two, property losses are little more than you might have alluded to early and let me be specific. Even though we haven't had an event, if you talk to some of the large carriers, I don't call it hurricane  I mean, tornado ally. I call it tornado highway. And so all of a sudden, the losses that have been incurred in Oklahoma and Arkansas and Texas and places like that, are more significant than people realize. Also, I point out there are certain very fine regional carriers that have had events which are not so-called name storms over the last year or two that have just clobbered them in places like the Midwest. And so we've seen some, I think in their vernacular, risk bearer, abnormal events which have impacted their underwriting results. I just don't think, Ron, when you have $550 billion of surplus and you have an industry, the risk bearers, which have done a great job of attracting capital when they need it after events, they've done a great job of destroying that capital in terms of chasing market  or chasing prices down, and the industry has not done a real effective job of returning capital to investors when, in fact, they can't get an appropriate return on that capital. So Im looking at something that just, to add  this is from AM Best and ISO and III  cumulative underwriting deficit from 1975 through 2011, $479 billion. Underwriting losses in 2011 totaled $36 billion. That's the largest since 2001. So there is a little bit more to that story, I think, the underlying theme than a big event coming into Houston or Miami or Tampa or New Orleans.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our next question from Brett Huff  Stephens.
Brett Huff: One question that I wanted to tie back to the way you used to talk about the pressure that you were seeing in the business, Powell. I think you used to say it was one-third rate and two-thirds exposure in terms of the headwinds you were facing. Am I remembering that right?
Powell Brown: You are.
Brett Huff: It sounds to me like most of the headwinds that are abating or at least the ones that are abating most and maybe even turning into tailwinds is the one-third of rate. How would you characterize how far through the headwind of exposure units we are? Are we in any two of being done of being done with that headwind and we have yet to really see it fully get better? Or kind of how much more organic growth tailwind can we expect from exposure units as the middle market turns around?
Powell Brown: Well, your memory is correct, Brett, number one. It was one-third, two-thirds. Number two, you've heard us talk about that our clients  and I'm going to give you an example, a hypothetical example but not too far off. If you are a manufacturer of widgets and two years ago you did $14 million of sales and last year you did  a year ago you did $12 million and then last year you did $10 million, and so all of a sudden you've secured a contract to provide $2 million of additional widgets, which are not in the original budget, and you are going to do a minimum of $12 million of widget sales in this coming year. What do you tell your insurance agent what your exposures are going to do? I put my money on saying they're going to be flat. That means that they're going to be picked up at audit. And as we've talked about on this call before, if, in fact, that's occurring, there can be a lag from  it would be like 14 to 15 month lag, so you have people that renew their business on July 1st. Next July 1st when they renew, the insurance carrier has 60 days up to 90 days to audit their books and give them, if in fact they have an uptick in their business, an audit for them to pay an additional premium. So we've talked a lot about and, as you well know, that our business is a reflection of the middle market economy. If you go out to dinner in Orlando or here in San Diego or many places in between on a Friday night, you'd say it surely doesnt look like the economy is in a recession or slowdown. Having said that, if you talk to those same people about their businesses, I don't understand the disconnect because their businesses are still struggling. And so if you  I know you heard in my comments, prepared remarks, that exposure units, generally speaking, are flat, generally flat. And so there is an embedded silver lining in what you're referring to and the embedded silver lining for Brown & Brown is exactly what you're talking about, exposure unit increases on existing clients and new business. So think of it this way, Brett. When you have a retail customer and we generate $10,000 of commissions on that account and it's down from a high of $15,000 four years ago, the incremental dollar back to $15,000, we don't have to add another person. They're not going to send more mail or correspondence to them. They're not going to handle the client differently. It's just going to be incrementally up. And so that's very positive for our organization and specifically what everybody's been asking about, which is the margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities.
Ken Billingsley: Just following up on the margin question in general and to you, Cory, you talked about how the margins were impacted by some benefit costs and maybe if you adjust those back out obviously it would be a little bit higher. With Arrowhead, and I understand that this is still a small piece in general of revenue, but Arrowhead margins are much higher. Would you expect that that should be offsetting some of the differences or that the  are the margins performing in line at Arrowhead as expected or are those down a little bit from initial expectations in December?
Cory Walker: No, their margins are getting the expected levels. And they are in general on an operating profit a little bit higher. So that's having a marginal impact on it. I think you've got to look more to the normal nature of our retail and other businesses that have a fairly good leverage comp on a go-forward basis.
Ken Billingsley: And would that mean then with the addition of Arrowhead and the better margins that the impact from some of these other items might be a little bit greater than they are on the surface or am I misreading that?
Cory Walker: No, I think it's not that much greater. So I dont think it's not going to have a huge impact on the margins. And there are  there's different parts  Arrowhead margins show up in two areas: in national programs and also the services. In the national program parts, their margins are in the same range that our other programs are. If you look at the  in the service area, their margins are actually a little bit less in American claims management right now. So that would actually be more of a negative there. So you've got a positive and negative in two different areas.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shield: Is there any opportunity  again, I'm in the fourth place housing realm  if (inaudible) starts to diversify from the two carriers that control most of the market now, could you see that reasonably actually accruing to your benefit?
Powell Brown: Possibly. That thought has definitely crossed our mind.
Operator: And there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, (Lisa). No further comments and we'll talk to everybody next quarter. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Hyatt Brown  Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer (acting) Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Klauber  William Blair Mark Hughes  SunTrust Ray Iardella  Macquarie Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital Brett Huff  Stevens Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. Earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statement made as a result of a number of factors, including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the Company reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Companys business and prospects are contained in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Hyatt Brown.
Hyatt Brown: Thank you very much, Nicole, and welcome everyone to our first quarter earnings call, and Ill now turn it over to Corey for the financials.
Cory Walker:  Thanks, Hyatt. Our net income for the first quarter of 2012 was $49.4 million, and that was up 6.8% over last years first quarter. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.34  thats a 6.3% increase over the $0.32 that we earned in the first quarter of 2011. From the revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 13.4% to $296.5 million. Thats up from the $261.5 million we earned in last years first quarter.  Included in our press release is our normal table that summarizes our total growth rates and internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees, which excludes the profit sharing contingent commissions and now excludes the guaranteed supplemental commissions  GSCs  as well discuss in a minute. We received $24.2 million of profit sharing contingent commissions, which represents a net decrease of approximately $4.7 million from the $28.9 million we received last year in the first quarter. Of this $4.7 million net decrease, roughly half of it was attributable to a lower profit sharing contingent commissions in the retail division, and the other half approximately from the program division that was really relating primarily to Proctor Financial and our public entity operation with lower profit sharing. Our best estimates of how much profit sharing contingent commissions we will receive for the remaining part of 2012  and this is based on just what we received this quarter plus our discussion with the various carriers  is that we think we may receive between 14 and $17 million through the second through the fourth quarters. We think that for the second quarter, well receive somewhere between 2 and $3 million, in the third quarter we should be around 10 to $11 million, and the fourth quarter we could get somewhere between 2 and $3 million.  Now additionally, we did accrue $2.6 million of guaranteed supplemental commissions  GSCs  in the first quarter of 2012, and that is $712,000 less than the $3.3 million that we accrued in the first quarter of 2011. Now this reduction is due to the fact that of the five carriers that pay us GSCs in lieu of profit sharing contingent commissions, two of them have reverted back to their profit sharing contingent commission contracts beginning this year in 2012. The cash from the GSC contracts that we accrue during the year is still received at approximately the same time period that we received the profit sharing contingent commission, which for these commissions would be in the first half of 2013. Therefore, there is no substantial change in the timing of the actual cash flows from the two programs. As you know, Brown & Brown would much rather have the standard profit sharing contingent commission arrangements as we believe that it more appropriately aligns the interests of the clients, the insurance carriers and us as the insurance agent in enhancing the safety and loss control systems. Since we believe the remaining carriers will eventually move back to the profit sharing contingent commission arrangements over the next few years, we will begin to treat the GSCs similar to the profit sharing contingent commissions with respect of excluding them from our internal growth rate calculation and just including them in the reconciliation below, so youll see with complete transparency the actual numbers of both the contingents and the GSCs each quarter. Now looking at the internal growth schedule, we had a positive internal growth rate of 0.9%. For the first quarter of 2012, our core commissions and fees increased 19.3%, and that is $43.6 million of net additional core commissions and fees; however, within that net number, we had $41.5 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $2.1 million more commission and fee revenues on a same store sales basis. We had positive internal growth in three of our four divisions: the wholesale brokerage division, the national programs, and the services division. Our national program division had the best negative internal growth rate theyve had in many, many quarters, and that was only a negative $1 million or negative 0.7%. Hy will talk about the activities in each of these segments in a minute. Looking at our investment income, it decreased slightly by $100,000 mainly just due to the low rate environment. The other income increased by $5.3 million, and that was mainly due to aggregate gains of about $3.1 million from the sales of certain books of businesses, and then we also did have a $2.2 million settlement from an enforcement of our non-piracy agreements. Our pre-tax margins for the first quarter of 2012 was 27.4%, and thats compared to our last years first quarter pre-tax margins of 29.2%. Thats a 1.8 percentage point differential. 1.2 of that percentage point came from employee compensation and benefits, to where the compensation benefits line item as a percentage of total revenues was 49.5%, and that was an increase from the 48.3% cost factor from last year. The total dollar increase on a net basis in the employee compensation benefits was approximately $23 million, and that was an 18.2% increase. But of that $23 million, $20.4 million was attributable to just new standalone acquisitions since last year. Therefore, excluding the impact of these standalone acquisitions, we had $2.6 million of additional compensation kind of on a semi-same store sales basis because the fold-ins are still included in that number.  Now, kind of breaking down where that $2.6 million was, we had essentially about $2.9 million of additional cost. The largest portion of that was $1.3 million, and that was due to a special one-time program that we will pay our retail commissioned producers an extra 5% of their book production that they had for the year of 2011 if they can grow that book production during 2012 by at least 5%. So if they grow it by more than 5%, then theyll get 5% commission paid at a one-time basis in the first quarter of 2013, based on their 2011 book. So for the first quarter, that amounted to an additional compensation expense of $1.3 million. Additionally, we had $600,000 of new salaries for new producers that we brought into the system. We also had about a half a million dollars of an increased cost on our group health insurance cost and another $500,000 in related additional payroll taxes. So the four of these additional compensation benefit costs added about 100 basis points to our ratio of total compensation expense as a percentage of total revenues. Now another item that added an additional 30 basis points to our ratio of compensation benefits to total revenue was our November 2011 acquisition of ICG. Now, ICG is a property tax payment tracking and processing company that we acquired in order to assist Proctor Financial in handling the larger banks and mortgage services related to lender-placed insurance marketplace. The accounting treatment required by the SEC generates kind of a unique GAAP  which is generally accepted accounting principles  results on this operation. For the first quarter, ICG had recorded revenues of $811,000, but the compensation benefit cost of $1.3 million and $500,000 of other expenses for a net operating loss of $1.7 million.  Now the costs of this operation are accounted for just as a normal accounting basis as payroll is paid  everything is expensed as incurred; however, the revenue recognition is much different than the actual cash that we receive on this operation. To explain that, when one of ICGs customers wants us to track and process the property tax payments of one of their loans, we will generally charge and all upfront fee of somewhere between 80 and $100. But lets just say for this example that its $84 and we get that all upfront $84 to track this loan for the entire life of its loan. Now, we currently think the average life of all the loans in ICGs portfolio is roughly seven years, so even though the vast majority of the cost that ICG has is in the providing of the initial tax payment research and the computer setup cost of this particular tracking for this tax payment, the ongoing annual charge to manage that account on an ongoing basis is generally only about 2 to $3 per year on an ongoing basis. But because of the SEC rules with revenue recognition on this line of business, we have to recognize that $84 over the entire life of the loan on a straight line basis, so basically we only get revenues at $1 per month in that example, so thats $84 divided by seven years divided by 12 months. So for this month in this example, we basically only got $3 of revenues, but the full cost. So its going to take a couple years under this very conservative GAAP revenue recognition policy to kind of build the normalized profit margin in this particular case, but in the meantime this one operation accounts for about 30 basis points of that increased compensation and benefit as a percentage of total revenue line. So if you exclude those two items that we just talked about from 2012, the employee compensation and benefit as a percentage of total revenue was really about 48.1% in 2012, and thats compared to the 48.3% first quarter of last year. So with that, let me keep going on to our non-cash stock-based compensation, and that cost went up on a net basis about a million dollars, and thats really just due to the new stock grantsstock incentive plans grants that we gave during the first part of 2012, of which the majority of them went to the Arrowhead employees and management team. In the current quarter, our other operating expenses increased as a percentage of total revenue by 50 basis points to 14.3% of total revenues from 13.8% in the first quarter last year. Now other operating expenses from a dollar standpoint increased $7.3 million, and thats a 20.2% increase over 2011 quarter. However, if you take the new standalone acquisitions, they amounted to $8.1 million of all those new costs during the quarter, so therefore if you just take kind of a semi-same store sales basis approach, those existing offices really had a net decrease of their expenses by about $800,000. Now, there were some items that were up and down, but the biggest single change was again we get a continuing cost savings in our rent occupancy cost office space, and that by itself was just an $800,000 reduction in the current quarter. So if you exclude the operations from the standalone acquisitions, our other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased to 13.5% from the prior year factor of 13.8. Our amortization and depreciation in aggregate was up $2.6 million from last year, and thats obviously just due to the newer acquisitions. Our interest expense was up $500,000 over prior year, and thats primarily as a result of borrowing the additional $200 million that we borrowed on the Arrowhead acquisition. Then, of course, our line item that changed in acquisition earn-out payable first quarter this year was a credit of 388 versus a credit last year of $99,000.  Our effective tax rate for 2012 is currently expected to run at approximately 40.3%, and thats primarily due to the higher state income tax rate because of the large California exposure from our new Arrowhead acquisition.  So really just to conclude, it was a very, very good quarter. Were very happy with the positive internal growth, and our net income of $49.4 million was a nice increase of 6.8%. So with that, Ill turn it over to Hyatt. 
Hyatt Brown: Very good, Cory, thank you. Good report. Getting into whats happening in terms of pricing and et cetera, first of all, a general statement relative to personal lines across the U.S. Home owners which have been unprofitable for several years are moving up 2 to 5% - now in some places, a little more, in some places a little less. If youre getting into coastal areas, its more; but if you sort of average it across the U.S., 2 to 5%. Autopersonal auto, however, is flat to down, and in some places down as much as 10%. So thats kind of what we see on personal lines across the U.S., and personal lines is somewhere around $70 million65 to $70 million of our total revenues. Looking at Florida first of all, lets split Florida into three layers  first of all south, and then I4 which would be Daytona to St. Petersburg, and then the northern tier, which would be Jacksonville west. First of all in the south, the economy is starting to move up. Foreign capital coming into Dade Broward, things are coming along, except for an outlier and thats Naples. Naples is still questionable, flat to down in terms of the economy. Property rates are up 2 to 5%-plus. Condos are up 10%. There are lots of gamingthere is a lot of gaming going on in condos relative to appraisal values, so if the rate goes up 10%, then if you can get the valuethe appraised value of the condo down 5%, then its only a 5% increase. Well, lots of pushback from the risk-bearers and et cetera, including citizens. GL and auto is flat. Umbrellas are flat to up 2%, and then workers compensation. Now a general statement  workers compensation across the entire states, all the states in which we are doing business, is going up anyplace from 2 to 3 to 4 to 5 to 6 to 7%, except for Nevada where its going down zero to minus-5%. One of the reasons there is because apparently the law is very favorable to employers. And the other state where it may be flat  workers comp  would be in Oregon. Not exactly sure whether thats more of the economy or whether its more of whats going on in terms of pricing. But workers compensation across the United States, its under the most pressure and it is also moving up 2 to 4, 5, 6, 7%. Now the question then is, is what about payrolls? Payrolls vary, and well talk about that a little bit as we get into more of the other parts of the United States. Payrolls in south Florida are up slightly except for contractors. Now again, underwriting across the United States is starting to play a part, and that means that underwriters are looking at loss ratios, and if its a bad loss ratio then the numbers that Ive been talking about are way too low. So we have actually seen in the case of some workers comp accounts where existing companies simply wouldnt renew, I havent seen that in six or seven years. Now, able to get other carriers on, but sometimes at a consensus rate which is substantially higher. Employee benefits  now, employee benefits in the southern part of Florida is up 5 to 7%, but were starting to see some accounts coming in at flat. If you move into the I4 corridor, workers comp again is up 5 to 72, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Property up 2 to 4 or more. Condos up 10% or more. GL and auto is flat to a negative 2%. Now, in the property markets, and this is true throughout Florida and its also true throughout all the cat areas that Im familiar, from Texas all the way around Florida, all the way up to probably Virginia, et cetera, theres always an outlier property market. So just at the moment you think that there is a 10% rate increase or a 5%, or 12% rate increase, someone will come in at flat sort of out of the blue. However, that is getting to be less and less and less. Again, underwriting is sort of taking over. The economy in central Florida is flat to slightly up, except Orange County, and Orange County is up nicely. RMS11  Im sure you all have heard about that, and that is having a substantial impact in central Florida because RMS11 is focused on individual risks and then what is the PML on those individual risks, and in some cases the PML has doubled over what last year was considered to be the PML. So thats having an impact also on capacity and pricing, particularly for some of the both admitted and non-admitted companies. Employee benefits  you know, in south Florida, up 5 to 7; central Florida, up 2 to 3 and a large risk bearer has told us that probably starting July1, there are going to be accounts that will be renewed at credits, meaning down. Havent seen that in, gosh, I dont know when. If you go to the northern tier of Florida, employee benefits  now, this varies. You know, larger accounts which are loss rated and have good or bad loss ratios will vary, but talking about those that are anyplace from 25 to maybe 250 employees, those in the northern tier would be flat to sometimes down 4 or 5%. Looking also at the northern tier, property  habitational, condominiums, et cetera  is up 5 to 10%. The citizens in Florida is pretty much up 10% except for those condos that are 10 million or more in a tower; and so those are up more. In the northern tier of Florida, unlike elsewhere, admitted markets are still writing risks. Occasionally in central Florida, an admitted market will write a property risk, but its pretty scarce. Auto and GL in the northern tier is upwell, actually, GL is up 2 to 3%, but auto is really flat to down. Workers comp  Ive talked about that. Now there are some higher mods coming on also, and umbrellas are flat; so generally speaking, D&O is flat, EPLI is up  employment practices, et cetera  is up 2 to 5, and when you get out into the west, particularly California, its 10 to 15%. The surprise in Florida is the employee benefits, which seems to be trending to the positive side, meaning that instead of large rate increases they are much smaller and there are a few at zero and a few at credit. So thats kind of interesting. In Georgia and South Carolina, again, workers comp firming, payroll stabilizing, GL and auto flat, property 2 to 3% except coastal  coastal, 5 to 15. Inland condos up 5%, much tougher underwriting. Again, talked about personal lines  generally, exposures are flattish to up a little bit, and the economy seems to be getting a little better. And generally speaking when Im talking about the economy, Im talking about general business excluding contractors, and there are certain classes of contractors who are starting to do some business  you know, the refurbishment contractors, et cetera, but other than that, really not much. Employee benefits in the Georgia-South Carolina is up plus-6 to plus-8, and still having reductions in coverage.  Virginia-Delaware, again, workers comp as we talked about, property is up 3 to 5 non-coastal. If you get into the coastal areas, its a different ballgame  10 to 15%. GL is up a little bit  2%. Autos are flat. Autos as kind of flat, really, to down throughout the U.S. The economy is getting a little better. Marine is flat to down 5%. Employee benefits  flattish, maybe down just a little bit. Wonder why all thats happening?  In New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, again, employee benefits there is up 3 to 5% if its over 50. If its under 50, it seems to be kind of flat  under 50 employees. Property in those areas is up 3 to 5%. Everything is kind of tightening in terms of underwriting. Payrolls seem to be moving up. You know, the northeast seems to bethe economy seems to be doing better, and thats very positive. There is one little difference in workers comp  in Pennsylvania, the state really has decreased the rates but the credits are going away; so rates going down but the loss cost modifiers are changing so that the price to the consumer is actually going up.  Now condos in New Jersey and some areas of Pennsylvania  these are smaller and middle-sized condos now  many were on a three-year rate guarantee and so those are coming off, and those condos are going up in the neighborhood of 15%. Again, the payrolls are starting to move up just a little bit as reflective of the economy. If you go into the northeast, which is Connecticut and Massachusetts, again the economy is getting a little better. Property  2 to 3%. It seems that any place along the east coast and all the way down and over to Texas, there is this constant push-push on property, except right on the coast which is more than the 2 to 3%. Once you get interior, once you get into middle America, then property is flat to in some places down; in other words, the push seems to be more along the east coast because of the catastrophe exposure and the fact that modeling now seems to suggest that there is a greater potential for loss inlandfarther inland than was considered in the past. Looking into the midwest, which would be Michigan, Indiana and Illinois, again workers comp in all areas is moving up, and so the payroll in these areas is kind of flattish. Now, in some of the areas, the economy is not doing as well either. GL and auto is flat. Med mal is flat to a negative 5, and of course property in those areas is going down  flat to minus 5%. Underwriting getting tighter. Looking into Texas and Louisiana, the oil patch  now, the oil patch, the economy is there, its doing well. Property  and Im thinking now of the Houston area  property in Houston, part of Houston is considered to be Tier 1, which is coastal, and part is Tier 2. And so the windstorm pool in Texas is only available in Tier 1; in Tier 2, its not available. The situation is that in Houston, actually property is going up 10 to 20% in the city, whether its in Tier 1 or Tier 2. Also, payrolls are going up. Payrolls are up 5, 10, in some cases 15%, and of courseits kind of interesting, again, but workers comp rates are flat but credits are disappearing. So even though the rates either are flat or down, the credits are disappearing which means that the price is going up. GL and auto is varied. In some cases its flat, and in some cases it may be up as much as 10%. Employee benefits is 3 to 5% up. Were not seeing flat there at the moment. Looking into the west  California, Nevada, Arizona, Oregon, Washington, Colorado  I mentioned that workers comp is up in all those states. California is probably maybe the one thats been under the most stress, except of course I mentioned Nevada. Its down probably as much as negative 5. Of course, theres no workers comp in Washington. EPLI in southern California and really middle California is up 5 to 15%. Umbrellas are down 5. Exposures seem to be stable. Property is flat there to down. The economy is getting a little better in most areas in the west, except Nevada and maybe Oregon. If you look at Arizona, the property there is  GL, property, auto  everything is flat to down. Its still very, very competitive and the property rates are $0.02 and $0.03, and $0.04 is not unusual in Arizona, the Phoenix area.  Arrowhead, as you know, is one of our most recent large acquisitions and they are doing very well. Last year, they grew 5 to 6 to 7% organically, and this year theyre continuing on that same rate; and of course, thats not included in our organic growth schedule because they havent been with us a year. Some of their programs are growing a little more than others, workers comp being one. Theyre looking also at several areas. One thing is some new programs and expansion of existing programs, potentially quake in California. And were also looking at the fact that their platform, their IT platform, maybe something that we want to adopt in our wholesale area. Theyve gottheyre pretty doggone good in that area, so were very pleased with whats going on there. Looking at wholesale  now wholesale is reflective of whats going on in retail, but really when we think of wholesale, we think of propertywell, no, we think of transactional and we think of binding authority. So lets talk about binding authority first because its a little easier. Binding authority is primarily smaller property and casualty accounts, and these would be, oh, 500 and $1,000 of premium to maybe 10 to $15,000 in premium. And those property rates and prices are going up pretty much 5 to 15%, and one of the reasons is this is grey or not eligible for standard companies, or standard companies are moving out of this area, particularly if its grey, and therefore this 5 to 15 is sticking. Casualty, however, is pretty flattish to maybe up a little bit, and professional liability, again, is plus-5 to plus-15. Thats moving up in binding authority. Now lets get into the transactional, and of course thats where there is some variation. Anything that is coastal which has a cat exposure, and thats Texas all the way around Florida to New Jersey, property is moving up 5 to 20%. Now, there are some changes in coverages, and sometimes that affects the actual total premium paid by the insured; however, on very large accounts, big schedules of apartments and et cetera, large, large condominiums that are not necessarily good construction, those can be up as much as 10 to 40%. It depends on the model  RMS having a big impact there. Casualty, of course, in the transactional is pretty flat, not much there. Exposure units are slightly up, and so if you look at non-cat property in transactional, thats flat, maybe a little, little up  no, really not much at all. But there is a lot of pressure in wholesale. I would say the pricing pressuring wholesale is greater than the pricing pressure is in the admitted markets. Looking at programs, FIU  those are our condominiums on the sand in south Florida and elsewhere, and its pretty much kind of a 10% increase. Thats kind of the way it is. In the case of Proctor, a comment on that  I think as people know, Fannie Mae is now coming forward with some recommended changes that they want to have instituted for anybody, any bank or servicing company thats handling Fannie accounts, and there are several things. Of course, we were very much involved in discussions with Fannie and right on the cutting edge of what their requirements appear to be. Theyre talking about policy forms, which is coverage, and the coverages theyre talking about pretty much are in line with what were doing today at Proctor. Rates probably down some, but well within our comfort zone. There are several kinds of things that are being discussed relative to how the coverage is placed  you know, the three letters to the borrowers and then all of that sort of thing. Theyre talking about maybe seeing if the private insurer would want to continue the coverage, even though its either foreclosure or its not occupied. And then they are talking about requiring admitted paper versus surplus lines. Now, in some cases we find surplus lines pricing is lower than admitted, and so not exactly sure how all that will work; but the companies that we have that are currently writing both admitted and non-admitted, some are going to make filings toare in the process of making filings in order to comply with what Fannie is going to require, and those companies would be Marquell (phon), Lexington. Lloyds is looking at a fronting arrangement.  So there will be changes, and I think about half of our business has some Fannie exposure. There will be some changes and we think that will all end up being for the best interest of the consumers, and so were all for that. Looking into public entity, and Im thinking more of public entity in Florida than I am in the midwest and the northeast, or in the far west like out in Washington. Those renewals, property renewals Im thinking about now, which come up July 1well, June 30, July 1 and October 1, theres going to be some fairly chunky increases on those. Still not quitewere still not quitewe are not really sure exactly what they are going to be, but somewhere in the neighborhood of maybe 15 to 20%, maybe a little more on property. In USIS, payrolls, those are starting to move up a little bit, like 2%. Thats the first time weve seen that in about four years, so things are coming along not bad. If I was going to give you a broad general synopsis, Id say that for the first time, there is constant and consistent pressure in many areas of the U.S. to increase property rates, and some other rates like EPLI, et cetera, some in B&O, but also consistently workers comp going up  consistently. So thats a little-thats different. Thats different. Now on the good news side, Powell will be coming back to the office on Wednesday  thats tomorrow, and were very pleased about that. Been talking to him on a daily basis for the last 60, 90 days, and a couple, three weeks ago he started talking to Cory and getting information and then hooked into our email system, and hes been talking to the senior leaders so hell be back, and we expect him to be at the retreat, the annual Board retreat which starts Monday and at the annual shareholders meeting Wednesday, and we would expect that the Board would reinstate him as the CEO and hell move forward just as before. Im kind of pleased about that because I can go back to being non-executive Chairman. So thats good news. Having said all that, Nicole, well now open up the phone to any questions.
Operator: Certainly and thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question at this time, please press star, one. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, that is star, one for any questions. Our first question will come from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Thanks. Good morning, Hyatt, how are you?
Hyatt Brown: Im fine, Adam, how are you?
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Great, thank you. Great to see the wholesale business is turning around. Of the growth, how much of that is driven by higher rates versus more submissions with the standard carriers being pulled back?
Hyatt Brown: Itd be kind of an educated guess. I would say about two-thirds is higher rates, or maybe 75% higher rates and 25% movement. We think theres going to be more movement because underwriting is continuing to get front and center.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay, okay. Thank you. And also in retail, obviously were seeing good movement, and you talked about a lot of different factors helping that segment out. How about net new business trends  are those improving also?
Hyatt Brown: Yes, they are, Adam. One thing  Ive been to this picture show before about five times, and there is something different about this time. What it is, is this  the risk bearers have a lot more capital and therefore dry powder this time than in the past. Number two, there are fewer risk bearers  and Im talking about standard risk-bearers now  and therefore there is a lot more pressure to get the returns on capital up, which is pushing them. So whereas in the past when you have a market change, all of a sudden its 20 and 30% or more, which is justyou know, its awful. This time, its not happening that way and is it going to continue? Is this, you know, the 2, the 3, the 4  it seems like it is, and if it does, then this is really a much better thing for the industry because people are able to accept small rate increases because lots of things are going up, particularly when we show them how they five, six, seven years ago they paid X, and last year they paid like 55% of X, and now youre paying 60% of X. Thats very acceptable, and we are in both wholesale and retail  but really more in retail because thats where the rubber really meets the road  we are being very, very careful about making sure that our customers and clients remember five years ago, when it was maybe almost twice as much as the price was last year. So all of that is kind of positive.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Keith Walsh with Citi.
Hyatt Brown: Keith, are you there? Hello?
Operator: Hearing no response from Mr. Walsh, well move to Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Yeah, thank you. Good morning. 
Hyatt Brown: Hey Mark.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Hey. The margin outlook when you take all those factors you discussed, Cory, and given the fact that contingents look like theyll be steady to probably up in Q3, what do you think the year-over-year margins are going to look like next couple of quarters? Any initial thoughts?
Cory Walker: Well, my gut reaction is the margins in general will improve. You know, the two things that we tried to highlight on this call does skew the absolute numbers a little bit, and the ICG operation has an unusual item and since we bought it in November, basically it will be three-quarters of that. And then like I said, that special program that we developed this year for retail commission producers is going to add some extra compensation expense for this year because this year is going to be a challenging year for them, and we wanted to incentivize them for this year to really grow the business. Remember, third quarter we talked about the fact that we hadPowell had mentioned that we were planning to give up margins on a temporary basis to have growth, and that was kind of the program that we were thinking of. So when you take those two things into consideration, I believe the margins will continue to improve for the rest of the year, with those two exceptions.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Right. Is the 1.3 million, is that on a run rate to assume that everyone this their 5% target?
Cory Walker: No, I tell you, thats actually a little bit lower than kind of the average. You know, we probably have about, say, 220 to $230 million of business thats tied to a commissioned retail producer, and so theoretically you could haveif everybody exceeded that 5% growth, you could have 10 to $12 million worth of total cost. So if you take half of that, were probably a run rate of more like $6 million, maybe, give or take. So thats probably what Id plan on at this stage.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Okay. Final question  share buybacks, any updated thoughts there?
Hyatt Brown: Youre probably focusing that on me, and the answer is no.
Cory Walker: You know, weve got a share buyback program. We have not bought any shares yet because as we had mentioned before, we primarily will buy shares back only at opportunistic prices.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ray Iardella with Macquarie.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Thanks and good morning. Can you guys maybe talk aboutI know you guys talked about property rates being up pretty nice, particularly on the coastal side, but how much of your business, I guess, in the first quarter, how much revenue do you get from property maybe versus casualty, relative to the rest of the year?
Hyatt Brown: Well, thats a good question, and it doesnt vary by quarter, particularly. Property in the past has been about, if I remember correctly, about 20% of our total, and so its probably moving up a little now. Florida, of course, the property rates are higher than they are elsewhere, so Id use maybe 20 to 22 or 23%, would be about what our property premiums are now.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay, and I would think second quarter might be a big quarter in terms of, I guess, property exposure. Is that the right way to think about it, or am I reading too much into that?
Hyatt Brown: No, I dont think that the propertythe amount of property insurance in terms of total insured values is going to change other than new business that were writing, but there is that constant and consistent push on pricing, and so the question is, is 2 or 3 or 4% going to go into 4 or 5 or 6%, and I dont know the answer to that.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay, thats helpful. And then I guess a lot of insurance carriers have been reporting perhaps some decline in retention. Is that something that your clients are talking about and pushing for, given some of the rate pressure youre talking about?
Hyatt Brown: Well first of all, an insurance carrier feels that if theyre in the 80 to 85% renewal retention percentage, that theyre about in the right place; and of course in terms of us, we want at least 95% and hopefully more. So its kind of hard to talk about that retention thing. Now, one of the things that will occur, particularly in the coastal areas and assuming that banks will allow this, there may be a buying down of the wind coverage, so if someone had $500 million of property values and the cover other than wind was 500 million, maybe theyd buy 100 million in wind as opposed to last year having, lets say, the total 500. So its very difficult to make those kinds of assessments.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay. And then one follow-up and Ill re-queue  in terms of M&A, how many transactions did you guys close in the first quarter? Did the Arrowhead transaction kind of slow down that a little bit, or is it just sort of lumpy as you get through the year?
Hyatt Brown: Its kind of lumpy, and we had five transactions we closed. Total of  how much was it, Cory?
Cory Walker: Right at $113 million aggregate annualized revenues, and 108 of that obviously is Arrowhead.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay. What
Hyatt Brown: Whatokay, go ahead.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: No, sorry. Go ahead.
Hyatt Brown: Well, what I was going to say is that we are seeing some additional interest, and again inventory is about what it has been in the past, maybe a little better. But were seeing some additional discussions and it might have something to do with the fact that people are looking at whats the tax rate going to be next year, and maybe Ill do something this year. Now, how much of that is out there, I dont know; but it just seems like there might be some of that thinking starting to accumulate.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sarah Dewitt with Barclays Capital.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. On last quarters call, you thought the first half 12 organic growth would be choppy. So whats changed since then, and to what extent do you think the positive organic growth is sustainable?
Hyatt Brown: Well you know, we have a tendency to be pretty conservative and wed much rather over-perform and under-promise. And so we werent really too sure that the underwriting regimen was going to continue to be front and center, and it seems to be that the risk-bearers are saying no, this is what its going to be. The other thing that has been interesting is the impact of RMS11, and RMS11 is impacting all coastal areas, so we were surprised that risk-bearers are following that as assiduously as they seem to be  that is, most of them. In some cases on some risks, RMS11 would suggest a PML double what the risk-bearers had in their files for last year. So all of that kind ofwere thinking maybe a little better in terms of pricing. Thats about as good an answer as I can give you.
Cory Walker: And Sarah, from our perspective when we were on the call, really the only thing that we really had to go on at the time is basically our detailed budgets by office, and at that time the first quarter was the more difficult quarter to get over and our budget basically had us at a negative internal growth. As Hyatt had mentioned, the pricingwe were pretty surprised at how the pricing did kind of hold up during the quarter, and thats what really kind of helped us. The economy, we thought, was going to be flatter, which it did and so therefore we didnt have the down-swoop that weve had historically and therefore the pricing in new business was able to grow it.  Basically from a budget standpoint, the first quarter was the hurdle, and as Hyatt said, theres this gradual build that isat least going ahead, nothing to where its a huge wave but at least its a slow build, and we think that each quarter will incrementally hopefully be a little bit better.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Great. Thats great. And then if the organic growth stays at these levels, where do you see the margin heading longer term? I know historically you had that 40% goal  is that something thats achievable again?
Hyatt Brown: Absolutely its achievable, and so we think the cost structure and the leverage is still there, with the exception of those two highlights that I tried to explain in terms of the employee benefit compensation on the short-term basis here.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brett Huff with Stevens. 
Brett Huff  Stevens :  Good morning, Hyatt. Good morning, Cory. 
Hyatt Brown: Good morning.
Brett Huff  Stevens: One question  Hyatt, thanks for going through the detail, as usual, on the by geo and business line detail. But if we could step back, what I recall is that you all would say that about 25 to 30% of the organic growth headwind you were facing was rate, and the rest was exposure units. (A) Is that still true, and (B) similar to the last question, where did the improvement come  rate or exposure units, or both? Can you give us some color on that.
Hyatt Brown: Yeah, it came both, and it varies with geographic area. I believe that if you looked at Florida, its probably half and half. Elsewhere, its probably maybe a little more  and Im thinking of the northeast now  a little more of the economy. The economys better up there than it is elsewhere, at least thats what our people are telling us. So they are moving in tandem generally, except for contractors, and the contracting business  now, some particular kinds of contractors are doing okay, but most of them, chiefly home building, its just not there. So going forward, once we get beyond the doggone election, I think people are going to feel a lot better about the economy; but generally speaking, there is a little more uptick there and payrolls seem to be flat and up a little bit. There is this constant push to get a little more rate, and as businesses are feeling better about the fact that they can see a little growth themselves, then the pricing is a little more acceptable. But there is a lot of pushback  I dont want to give you a feeling its not tough out there.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Sure. And the second question  Cory, you had mentioned last quarter that you thought about 60 to 70% incremental margins as you guys start growing again. Given the two highlights that you talked about  the comp structure at least for this year, which sounds like its limited to this year, and then the ICG sort of longer rev-rec accounting  is that 60, 70% number still something you feel is the right way to think about it?
Cory Walker: Well, as long asyou know, you need to probably back off 5% on that one commission, and the ICG will be back on a normal flat level by the fourth quarter. So
Brett Huff  Stevens: It really is a this year kind of
Cory Walker: So I would probably back it off a little bit. Id back it off a little bit, but the basic structure is still there.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Thats mostly this year thing, not a next-year thing?
Cory Walker: Absolutely.
Brett Huff  Stevens: Okay. Thats what I needed. Thanks for your help, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Hyatt Brown: Hey Meyer, how are you?
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: I am well. Yourself?
Hyatt Brown: Good, good.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: One quick modeling question for, I guess, either Hyatt or Cory  when we talk about the supplemental gravitating towards profit based contingents, do we have an idea what the revenue numbers were in the last three quarters of 2011 so that we can forecast that split?
Cory Walker: Yeah, let me just give you the numbers for the first quarter amounts. If you look atif we had left our GSCs in the first quarter of 2011, we reported a negative 2.3%, negative internal growth. Without GSCs, it would have been negative 2.4. If you go back to the first quarter of 2010, we reported a negative 8.6%, but without the GSCs it would have been lower at 8.2. So the numbers that you saw for the first quarter on the GSCs, you know, the GSCs are accrued on an actual basis so those numbers that I gave you are relatively consistent for each quarter, and so its not a huge differential. You can kind of figure it outI did not do it yet for the second, third and fourth quarters, but its a relatively minor change. The first quarter would be representative of it.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats helpful. I think we can work with that. Second, in the internal growth table, you showed divestitures for, I guess, the amount of business from offices or books of business that were sold over the past 12 months, and thats been going up over the past couple of quarters. I was wondering if you could talk about whether theres anything unusual going on there.
Cory Walker: No. I mean, we typically dont like to sell a book of business, but if a producer leaves and it makes economic sense, we will. So in this particular quarter and in the second half of last year, we did have a couple of larger book sales that generates it and it kind of goes up and down. It is higher than it normally has. Normally its probably in the million dollar mark, but thats just the nature of whats happened in the last couple quarters.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. When you talk about a producer leaving, is that producer the one buying the book of business?
Cory Walker: Typically, yes, or whatever new agency hes going with.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Right. Okay, perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody. A couple questions  one is justjust wanted to make sure there is no one-time kind of first quarter expenses associated with Arrowhead as we look at the G&A.
Cory Walker: No, theres not. I mean, Arrowhead is pretty much a standalone organization. There was no office combinations, so most everythingthe chain is really just part of the original purchase price allocation.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay, and then if you guys
Hyatt Brown: And then all
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan : Sorry.
Hyatt Brown: Also one thing I would just towe actually didnt effectuate that acquisition until the 9th of January.
Cory Walker: Right, so technically there is nine days of revenue of January that are not included in our number, obviously.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay. Then I was also just curious, if you expand their platform to the wholesale division broadly, are there any incremental technology costs that would be associated with it, or is it as simple as kind of turnkey to start putting your own information through it?
Hyatt Brown:  There will be incremental cost, and there is no huge game plan on the table that will have any huge cost on it. It will just be a gradual change as it makes sense for various offices and wholesale programs.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay. And then with the ICG, I guessand what Fannie Mae is proposing in terms of changes to the force place lenders business broadly, how do you think that positions you strategically versus some of the other brokers that participate in this business, and what do you think some of the changes Fannie Mae has put forth might mean for some of the other competition in the market?
Hyatt Brown: Well, we really dont know that via the competition. We really only know about us, from our standpoint. Were looking at it as just another change, and about half our business has some exposure to that and half doesnt. So probably the largest single change would be having admitted paper versus non-admitted paper. 
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: But I was thinking more on the technology service side. It seems like that element, what Fannie Mae is asking people to do is going up, and so I just was curious whether or not you thought you were kind of were ahead of the curve in putting that service technology in place at your business.
Hyatt Brown: I dont know that were ahead of the curve or behind the curve. I think were about in the middle of the curve, as far as we can tell. The requirements that they are talking about, we already do for the most part; and the tweaks that they are talking about, they dont seem to be a great deal of difficulty.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan : Okay.
Cory Walker: But you know, one of the items that ICG did make sense for us is that that is now a true partner, and in certain competitive situations previously there have been other companies that provide that service, and because some of our competitors may have written more business with certain ones, we were explicitly excluded from having them give us a quote to do it as an outside service. So with a partner inside, it does give us the ability to provide that service and be able to control it, so from that standpoint it is a positive.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay. And then just with respect to programs overall, I think the last half of 2011, it was really the special programs that were kind of driving improved growth. Im just curiouswell, excuse me, it was special while professional is still lagging a little bit, and you had some constructive comments that sound like from a pricing standpoint in parts of the professional lines market, some of which might flow through to that. But can you just talk about maybe on the older reporting way, kind of what the mix of growth looked like between professional and special?
Cory Walker: Well, they both grew, and from an ongoing standpointI mean, there was overall less offices that had negative growth than there were before. But in both sides, they did have slight positive growth. Now, from a standpoint of overall, we had talked about Proctor, and Proctor starting with the fourth quarter of last year, we now were comparing them apples-to-apples. Theyve written a lot of new business, and so from an incremental growth standpoint, Proctor was for the next really four quarters was going to add a positive growth. For this quarter alone, they actually grew in excess of $800,000 of that total, so that will continue as they kind of work through the whole Fannie Mae issue. But you know, its a good group of people, good business, and they do it the right way.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our final question in queue is a follow-up question from Ray Iardella.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Thanks for taking the follow-up. One quick numbers question and one broader question. First on the numbers one  on contingent commissions, did Arrowhead receive any contingent commissions in the quarter? I think in the past, you guys had talked about Arrowhead moving towards more of a fixed sort of commission structure going forward.
Cory Walker: Well, I mean, Im not sure about that last statement, but Arrowhead did have some very minorit was $300,000. We do expect them to have contingent commissions continue to be earned duringaccrued during the year, or earned during the year. But any contingencies that they may qualify for would primarily come in the third quarter, and thats partpart of that number, they historically have had somewhere in the 4 to $4.5 million per year come in. So could that come in in the third quarter? That was part of the number we gave you, and well just have to wait to see if it comes true.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay. And then the last question I have  as far asI think you had talked about some incremental compensation costs for some new hires. Is that something you guys plan on continuing, to look for new producers throughout 2012? Is there any particular target you guys have, or is it just finding good producers and trying to hire them when you can?
Hyatt Brown: Well actually, we really started about two years ago expanding our recruitment program, Ray, and its not just for the retail. Its wholesale and its in programs across our whole system. There are great opportunities out there from people who have been working three, four, five, six years in another business and that business is not doing well, or its not there, and so weve been interviewing lots and lots of people. And when they meet our profile, then we try and bring them on board.  So we probably will continue to increase the number of people that we are bringing on. I know one of the things that Powell has been pushing very aggressively is recruitment, and in order to grow and to replace people who are going to be retiring and that sort of thing, we have to have new folks coming in. So theres lots of opportunities for us, and were very pleased with our new people that are coming on. Theyre doing very well for us.
Cory Walker: Nowand Ray, let me just add onto that, is as you know, even during, like Hyatt said, the last couple years, but even before that where weve had negative internal growth, that was, as I had mentioned a couple times on conference calls, that was the one line item which really never did decrease year-over-year because we continuedas Hyatt says, we were always looking for good, high-quality people, and we pretty much hire our producers and train them ourselves. So when I had mentioned that there was $600,000 again this quarter in excess, it was just to highlight the increase on that. But we do expect that to continue.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie: Okay, thanks for the answer on the follow-up, and best of luck, Hyatt.
Hyatt Brown: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions so Id like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Hyatt Brown: Okay, well that sounds good, Nicole, and thank you all and well look forward to having another quarter. We are in adjournment. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. With that, we will conclude todays call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Hyatt Brown  Chairman Christopher Walker  President of Arrowhead & Regional Executive Vice President Cory Walker  SVP, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Scott Penny  Regional President & Chief Acquisitions Officer
Analysts:  Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Matthew Heimermann  JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Brown & Brown Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performances. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made, as a result of a number of factors, including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the Company's business and prospects are contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I would now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive officer. Please go ahead, Sir.
Hyatt Brown: Well, youre close. Its Hyatt Brown and good morning, everyone. We have here in the room Cory Walker, our Chief Financial Officer. We have Scott Penny, our Regional President & Chief Acquisitions Officer; and Chris Walker, who is President of Arrowhead and Regional Executive Vice President of Brown & Brown. We are actually calling you this morning from the New York Stock Exchange, where we will have the opportunity to ring the bell this morning at 9.30. And so we are going to have to have a hard cut off right around 9:00 so we can get up to the floor and to the rostrum. At the outset I would like to say that we are sorry that Powell cannot be with us today. He is on a temporary leave of absence for health reasons as you know and we look forward to him returning and being back in the saddle in a reasonable period of time. Having said that, I'll now turn over the call to Cory Walker.
Cory Walker: Thanks, Hyatt. Our net income for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $36.5 million and that was a strong improvement over last year's fourth quarter net income of $32.1 million. Our earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.25 and that was up 13.6% from the $0.22 we earned in the fourth quarter of last year. Now, excluding that ridiculous line item, change in estimated acquisition earn out payable, which was a credit to income for both the quarter and the year-to-date income statement, the adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $0.24 and thats still up 9.1% from an adjusted $0.22 in last year's fourth quarter. From a revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 5.4% or $12.3 million to $241.4 million and that's up from the $229.1 million from last year. As always, we have these in our press release the internal growth table that shows the internal growth on core commissions and fees, which is excluding contingents as well as any small books of business sales, that kind of thing. And so on the fourth quarter of 2011, it shows that we received $4.8 million of profit-sharing contingent commission. That's $1.4 million less than the $6.4 million that we received last year in the fourth quarter. The difference was mainly due to the profit-sharing contingent commissions that were paid to FIU. FIU actually received more than what we had originally projected, but it was still down from last year, because if you remember in 2010, they'd actually received an additional profit sharing that was really kind of delayed from what normally would have been paid in 2009. Additionally, we did receive about $400,000 more contingency income in our Wholesale Brokerage division. Now look at the internal growth schedule. We had a negative internal growth rate of only 0.6%. Our total core commissions and fees for the quarter increased 7.1% or $15.6 million of new total commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $17 million of acquired revenues, and that means we had $1.3 million less in commissions and fee revenues on a same-store sales basis and that's hence the 0.6% negative internal growth. As the internal growth schedule indicates, the vast majority of the negative growth was primarily from our retail division, and then Hyatt will talk about each of the business segments in a moment. However, before we move on to other financial numbers, I need to tell you that in the Form 10-K that we'll file for this year, the internal growth schedule that we put in the 10-K, that is the only table where we have historically broken out the three separate groups within the Retail Division as well as the two separate groups within National Programs. All the other segment information in the 10-K is all based on just our true divisional segment reporting of just Retail, Wholesale programs and services and because of this semi kind of reporting conflict of the accounting profession perceives that could exist between that, on an ongoing basis, we are only going to report the internal growth on the pure segmental divisional basis. So moving on, our investment income had a small increase of $29,000 from prior year's fourth quarter and that's mainly just as a result of increased levels of invested cash. Other income increased $1.9 million and that was primarily due to the sales of a few books of businesses in the fourth quarter as well as a $914,000 legal settlement that we won over some fees that were not paid to us. As it relates to our expenses in our pre-tax margin, our pre-tax margin for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 24.5% and that's compared with our prior year's fourth quarter margin of 22.6%. That's an improvement of 1.9 percentage point. If you exclude that line item change in estimated acquisition earn-out payable, our pre-tax margin for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 23.3% and that's compared with our prior year fourth quarter margin of 22.3%. Thats a true improvement of 1 percentage point. As we said before, as the headwinds of the economic and insurance rate downturns just slows a bit and it's not so strong, our margins will generally improve. Looking at employee compensation and benefits cost as a percentage of total revenue, it was 53% and thats a slight improvement of two basis points from the 53.2% cost factor in the fourth quarter of 2010. The total dollar increase on a net basis in the employee compensation and benefits was approximately $7.1 million, of which $7.5 million was attributable to just the new standalone acquisitions since last year. Therefore when you exclude the impact of these standalone acquisitions, employee compensation benefits on kind of a semi same-store sales basis actually decreased by $400,000 and that $400,000 was mainly the combination of decreases of about $3.3 million in management staff as well as producer compensation expense, a decrease of about $0.50 million relating to our group health insurance. But then those decreases were substantially offset by a $3.4 million increase in profit center bonuses as well as other staff bonuses. Our non-cash stock-based compensation cost was $2.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, which is consistent with our guidance previously and the fact that we have increased costs to include relative to the new stock incentive plan which we were refer to as SIP that came about in the first quarter of 2011. We issued a new stock incentive plan grants this year to the management and staff of Arrowhead as of January of 2012. We also granted additional SIP grants to new producers who now have productions in excess of $500,000 per year as well as any new profit center leaders, and therefore our total expense for the non-cash stock-based compensation looking into 2012 is expected to be around $14 million. In the current quarter, our other operating expenses decreased as a percentage of total revenues 0.8 percentage points to 14.2% of total revenues. The total dollar net decrease in other operating expenses was only $5,000, but of which $2.2 million of this net aggregate total it was attributable to just the new standalone acquisition. Therefore, on a comparable again same semi store sales basis, those offices had an aggregate reduction of other expenses of approximately $2.2 million. So therefore we had  what makes that up is we had decreases of $1.2 million in our claims and settlement expense and the related reserves. We had another $1.1 million decrease in general office rent expense and another $900,000 in insurance cost savings. Our amortization and depreciation expense on a combined basis was up slightly of about $600,000, which was against the comparable 2010 fourth quarter, and thats obviously due to just acquisition activities. Our interest expense is consistent with our expected quarterly expense of approximately $3.4 million. Our interest expense for 2012 will increase with the $200 million of additional debt that we took on in January of 2012 associated with the acquisition of Arrowhead. The $250 million of fixed coupon rate debt that was existing on 12/31/2011 has an effective rate of approximately 5.34%. But now with the additional $200 million of Arrowhead related debt, weve added a nice component of floating debt to our capital structure and that will be at LIBOR plus 1%. So as long as the LIBOR stays at 1% or less, our total interest expense for 2012 should be somewhere $17 million to $17.5 million per year. Our change in estimated acquisition earn-out payable was a credit during the quarter of $2.9 million, versus just $600,000 in last year's fourth quarter, and thus a net change of about $2.4 million or $0.01 per share. That credit occurred as a result of reducing the earn-out liability as of the year end, estimated that would be ultimately earned and paid to several acquisitions. So we reduced the liability. Our effective tax rate for 2011 is approximately 39.4%, which is slightly higher than last year's effective tax rate just marginally, which was 39.2%. So the trends we just talked about are pretty much the same for the year-end and you've heard the previous three quarters conference calls. So we won't get into the year-to-date numbers, just to say that the earnings per share for the year of 2011 was a solid $1.13 and that's a 0.9% increase from the $1.12 we earned in the year 2010. Now, as you all start to build your models for our earnings for next year, let me just give you some basic projection on some numbers for 2012. And that is, our depreciation expense looks like it will be about $14.8 million for the year. Our amortization expense for 2012 should be around $62.5 million. Our interest expense as I previously said was about 17, you know 374. Our non-cash stock grant as I previously said too was about $14 million. And then our effective tax rate for 2012 will move up because of the acquisition of Arrowhead and we will be somewhere in the range of 40% to 41% on the effective tax rate. Now, as you know that each year we do our budgets and they are generated from the ground up from each one of our profit center leaders. As Hyatt will talk more about the specific rate and the economic issues, he'll talk a little bit about how choppy the first part of the year is. So just from a perspective of the first quarter, our first quarter earnings per share should be close  should be modestly close to what was the first quarter of 2011. So with that, Hyatt, I'll turn it back to you.
Hyatt Brown: Okay. Thanks, Cory. Very good report. We'll start off, I'm going to review Retail then Wholesale programs and then services. Looking first at Florida in Retail, the northern tier of Florida, which basically is Jacksonville, Pensacola, property rates new is flat to negative 5%. Renewal is flat to up 5% if it sticks. And there's a lot of pushback depending upon construction, depending on location et cetera, et cetera. Citizens wind rates are the same, no change. Multi-peril, now this is Citizens multi-peril. It has a small effect on us, a little and it has to do with writing of insurance, including the other EC, fire and EC perils in addition to wind on inferior construction, and those rates around the state are going up 15% to 20%. Workers' compensation, there's an 8% rate increase and the exposures are flat and less is construction. Construction is still going south, maybe 2% to 5%. Largest contractors flat to up just a little. GL and Auto is  the rates zero to plus 5% to minus 5%. Its kind of wormy and the Umbrellas, the first $2 million looks like maybe a 5% increase. Now, one of the things thats starting to happen and you'll probably hear me comment about this through my report, is that underwriting, believe it or not, is now starting to be in vogue again.  Moving down to Central Florida, the I-4 corridor which would be Daytona Beach, Orlando, Tampa, St. Petersburg, property new minus 5% to minus 10%. Now dont forget that the RMS 11 model has taken  its greatest impact is in the central part of Florida, away from the coast and companies are really adhering to that. Having said that, there are some new entrants in the property area and particularly in Central Florida. So its minus 5% and minus 10%. Renewals would be 2% to 5% if it sticks. Citizens wind zero, multi-peril of course is up. If you look at Workers Comp and I mentioned that statewide its 8%, in central Florida we are seeing a slight increase in payrolls. Now that has to do really with Orange County which is Orlando and those are up maybe 1% to 2%, maybe 3%. And if you are an account that has poor losses in Workers Comp particularly, you are going to get some rate increase. You are going to pay more. The acceptance on new accounts is tightening. GL and Auto and Umbrellas in Central Florida is really zero to minus 5%.  Employee benefits. Now the employee benefits and you'll hear me talk about this throughout the country, its really kind of very similar in terms of small groups and larger groups, in terms of what's happening, except in Florida. Now, quite frankly, we have seen a couple three, maybe three rate passes. I haven't seen a rate pass I dont think almost ever in Florida as far as the accounts that I have been knowledgeable about. Rate pass is simply when the risk bearer says, we are good to go, same coverage, same benefit, no rate increase, 12 more months. Thats, very, very unusual in the larger groups. Smaller groups, we are seeing less than 50 line items. We are seeing up 5% and of course those are the ones that are still struggling and theyre worming around so that the cost doesnt go up or maybe goes down and their exposure units are really flat to down, maybe 5%. However, in the larger groups we are seeing flat rates pretty much flattish and in some cases down 5%. Personal lines, we're seeing some rate pressure on that, particularly in the coastal areas and in Central Florida. Going into South Florida, property new, minus 5% to flat. Renewal is flattish. Now, on new condos and there are believe it or not some that are just coming online, we're now seeing non-admitted markets that will write wind on condos less than Citizens. Thats very unusual. Now, Citizens on wind-only is up on the rates about 12.5% on February 1st. And in the A rated business for Citizens, its an A rates where the property values are $10 million or more. Not changing the rates, but looking very carefully at construction and we're starting to see citizens determine that construction isn't exactly what they maybe thought it was originally, and therefore the cost is going up because of the change in the consideration on the construction. Workers Comp as I mentioned around the state is 8% and the economy in South Florida is flat. But it's getting a little better and particularly Dade County. GL and Auto again competitive zero. This is new to minus 5%. Umbrellas zero to minus 5%, unless they have a large auto fleet. And so if larger auto fleet, that's putting some pressure on. In the real, real South Florida area, that's Dade County. Bad loss ratios, any account that last year had a bad loss ratio was probably renewed at flat or maybe even down some. Now that's changing and particularly if it's auto, the bad loss ratio is going to pay more. And so we are now seeing occasionally, just occasionally where a renewal on a Workers Comp account, there is only one company willing to offer that difference. Now, let's move to Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia. Again that's a sweet spot for most companies. Property is new, its minus 5%. Renewal up two  plus 2% to plus 5% if it's fixed. GL and auto down 15. Renewal as new is down 15. Renewal is down maybe zero to 2%. Exposure rates are kind of flattish, although there is some movement in auto fleets, meaning more vehicles. Workers' compensation, it varies, but there are some revisions in the calculation of the experience mods that are putting more losses into the calculation, which is forcing up some mods above where they would have been. Personal lines, particularly along the coastal areas and in that area of United States are moving up 5% to 10%. Employee benefits, small. It's 5% to 12% up, again, in those smaller accounts there. Flat to down in exposure units. The larger accounts is about 5% to 8% and the exposure units seem to be flat. Now, construction is still not doing well, unless it happens to be a particularly large contractor moving into the Northeast. Believe it or not, no one ever really thought about what would happen if a class three or four, category three or four hurricane came up the Hudson River and of course if that occurred as the Northeast quadrant, which is the killer quadrant would cover Manhattan and Long Island and then crossover and hit Rhode Island and Connecticut, things would not be so good. And so coastal property in those areas is now starting to be looked at very carefully with eye towards the age, construction and therefore prices are going up a little bit. If it's good property, again it's still down 10% to 15%. GL and auto is minus 1% to minus 10%. One other thing that is occurring is that risk bearers, insurance companies are forcing higher values. In other words, they are looking at the actual insurance value of the property and therefore appraisals are showing it to be greater than in many cases what they are being insured for. Therefore the cost is going up, therefore the premium is going up. Again the exposure rate or the exposure unit in the northeast is flat to uppish a little bit, depending on where you are the economy is getting a little better. Employee benefits is basically kind of the same as it is elsewhere, except it seems like the small accounts on renewal is less than 50 would be up 10% to 12%. Again they are not accepting those, its being negotiated. And exposure seemed to be flattish. There are no rate passes that I found in the northeast, nor have I found that elsewhere in my discussions. One little comment is that we do write around the country a goodly amount of governmental business and in certain areas there are certain unusual things that are happening. For instance in the New Jersey school district, the employees now are having to pay part of the medical insurance. That's brand new, new law and that may reduce the number of participants because of just not wanting to pay it or being insured with this balance or, or, or. Out on Long Island, coastal Long Island, the companies are trying to push the values up. We are again seeing property, unless there is a coastal problem, is minus 10% to 15%. Auto though is  and GL is about even, maybe off a little bit and Workers Comp. Now, bear in mind, any place you are in New York, if its GL and its construction, its going up crazy and in the standard markets, if its still in the standard market, it might 15% to 35% to 50% because of the tremendous losses that are occurring. Again, this seems to be in this area of New York, a little less pressure on the small employee benefits accounts, maybe 0% to up 5% and then the large would be 0% to up about 5% also. So thats a little variation. Exposure units seem to be flat. Looking more into Connecticut, Massachusetts, rates are flattish, exposure units are flattish, auto, GL, workers comp, employee benefits about the same as weve talked about elsewhere. Of course, in Connecticut I think the coastal concerns are more substantial than our people have a memory of the past. Going across the top end of New York, again, believe it or not, real underwriting is starting to take effect and rates on property are zero. This is new, 0% to minus 3%. GL and auto is 0% to minus. New York construction is going crazy up. And Workers Comp, it is kind of all over the lot, but probably flat to maybe down just a little bit. The exposure units across upstate New York are pretty flattish and it doesnt seem to  New York State, as you probably will remember didnt go down much and it hasnt come up much. Moving out to the Northwest, which would be Washington State and Oregon. Property is flat to up 2%. GL and auto is flat to down 2%. Workers comp, now Washington is monopolistic so I'm talking about Oregon. Washington or Oregon is plus 2% in terms of rate and all the exposures out there seem to be flat. There seems to be a feeling that the economy in Washington State has probably bottomed out and that's not the feeling that I'm getting down in the Oregon area, still a little soft. Going into Phoenix now and Arizona, which is one of the most difficult areas. As you probably know, if you looked at the biggest down swoops in terms of our business, it's been Las Vegas, Phoenix and Naples, Florida, and those happen also to be the places where there was this greatest bubble of new homes being built. So when the bubble burst, I mean it hasn't come back. Now property rates there are flat and youve got to understand where you're in non-cat areas, then property rates are real, real low anyway. And so let's say you have a $0.06 or $0.07 property rates in Phoenix. If that was in Miami, it would be probably same thing construction, including when, it probably be $0.50 to $0.70. So that's a substantial difference. So if the $0.06 rate goes to a 10% increase, you don't get much and it's not  those rates are not going up. The GL and auto, again is zero to minus 2%. Workers comp now, the state fund is being privatized and it is competitive as are private companies. So that's down about 5%. Exposures and workers comp seems to be flat to down and less construction, and then it's down maybe 2% to 5%. Again, small groups and large groups are about like they are elsewhere. Moving over into Orange County or Orange, California, looking at what's happening there and this would be the Los Angeles basin, the state fund of course is the biggest on workers compensation. Property rates, kind of flat, exposure is flat. GL and auto there's some pressure there, 0% to 7% if it sticks. Exposure units are moving just a little bit, maybe 2% to 3%. Workers compensation is crazy. It could be down 5%, it could be up 10%, it could be up 12%, exposure units again flat. Now, one of the things I might mention is, is that across the country, we are now starting to see more APs are RPs. AP is additional premium on audit and an RP would be a return on premium. And so what that suggests to me is that when someone is renewing their workers comp as an example, or their GL, which would be based on sales, that they may be estimating a little lower than they think because they know theyre going to pay it on audit and therefore, maybe business might be a little better than what it might suggest. Again, the small and large employee benefits in that area are about the same as they are countrywide. The economy is a little bit flattish. Now let's move over to Las Vegas. Again that's one of the worst hit places as a result of the housing bubble. Workers comp is flat, but payrolls are down still. The only place that there  and we have a lot of  had a lot of construction accounts in Las Vegas, the only place according to what I understand that there's work going on is along the strip. And so if youre a contractor, youve got some work along the strip, youre going to be doing some business, otherwise not. And it's rather interesting that there are a few, believe it or not, new home contractors who are starting to build homes and the reason they're building homes is that investors have and are snapping up so many of the foreclosed homes that if they are not on the market yet, that anybody who wants a new home is going to have to buy a new home from a small contractor. And so thats a positive I believe. Now that assumes they can get the financing. Then you move back in to maybe more of the oil patch, Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma. As we all know, Louisiana is a bifurcated state from the standpoint of property. South of I-10 is and I'll quote one of our people from out there, the rates are squirrelly and the capacity is diminished. And so what that means is that you dont know where the rates are at the moment. There is this pressure to push them up and if you have competition, they go down. GL and auto however seem to be pretty flat. Exposure units are pretty flat. Workers comp has gone up about 5% and marine risk of course has dropped off some because now that a lot of the vessels are laid up, its port risk only. Looking over into Texas. Texas, well everything on Tier 1 and those are the counties that are along the coast, thats all in the wind pool. Get into Harris County and well focus on those for just a moment. Harris County is a Tier 2 and property rates there are RMS 11, having some impact are up 5% to 8%. Casualty, as you know, it's moving little bit, 2% to 3%. Workers compensation is down 5%. Texas mutual is a big bear in the woods now up here. Its not unusual to see flat renewals or maybe down 5%. Now the economy in that area seems to be moving up, maybe a plus 5% to plus 8%. Moving up into the Midwest a little into Indiana, Michigan, et cetera, property rates again are still 0% to 5%. Flat exposure units. GL and auto, 2% to 5% on renewal if you can get it, lots of pressure back. Workers comp is up just a little, 1% to 3%; and exposure, believe or not seen to be 0% to plus 2%, except construction and construction is just flat. Small group is about the same. The people there think that basically the economy maybe is starting to turn around a little bit. One thing that I thought might be of interest here, because weve been focusing a lot on property insurance, it is safe to say and youll hear some of this when we talk about our wholesale operation, it is safe to say that cat property is under substantial pressure, and non-cat property is still soft and wormy. An example of what's happening in cat kinds of renewals, our Axiom Reinsurance unit reports on January 1 renewals for the accounts with loss activity were plus 10% to plus 25% on their cat reinsurance for property. Last year, the same account would be flat to down 10%. Accounts without loss activity this year, 5% to 10% up, last year they would have been down 10% or more. So thats a little background on reinsurance. Now let's move over to brokerage. Now, bear in mind there are things that are happening in wholesale area. Gray risks are starting to move from standard back to non-standard, and a gray risk is one of those that under normal conditions wouldnt be in the standard market, but because of competition, they moved into the standard market and now because underwriting is starting to reoccur, they're being moved back, meaning non-renewed. So let's look at the southeast for wholesale. The property is flat to up 5%. There is a lot of pressure to push out rates and there are some rate increases that are coming along. Now, there is one substantial exception and that is anything of core construction, those people are going to take some more and it varies. And as we get into this over a period of time, this change that is apparently happening, we'll see some strange things in core construction. Frame risk, those are going up. Submission activity is up. That again reflects the great situation. There is lot of capacity. Casualty, weve been talking about property, casualty is down 5% to 10%. Sometimes it can be flat. Theres very little construction going on in the E&S area in the southeast, other than the few artisans and habitational property, those prices are being pushed 5% to 10%. Marine is down 10% to 15%. Looking out to Texas and middle part of the country out in the west, southwest, lots of things happening along the coastal area. I think it's pretty fair to say that if you take Brownfield, Texas all the way up to Baltimore and the E&S area, those are considered to be cat prone areas and those prices are under a lot of pressure, but capacity is there. And so again wholesale and casualty is flat to down 10% or 15% and the standard markets are still looking to write the good or even some of the great casualty risk. Looking out into California where we don't have cat areas and Im thinking about wind now. Of course, you do have the quake. But other than that, property is flat and as opposed to what's going down. Casualty is still  there's lot of pressure to push it down on renewal. And so its kind of a little bit of a mixed bag there. But it's certainly not robust in terms of any kind of price increase. In the Northeast, the rates there are under pressure, particularly because of RMS 11 and particularly because all of a sudden people figured out that New Jersey does have coastline and there are people there and there are properties there. And therefore those prices probably are going to be moving up. There is plenty of capacity and if you have a fleet of properties and there have been some losses, those rates are going up. The rates in the casualty in the Northeast on wholesale are zero to maybe down 5% to up 5%.  New York construction. Now if a New York contractor has to go from standard and non-standard increase on GL could be as much as 100%. So that's not so good. Our people think that the economy in the Northeast is starting to be a little bit up. The contractors, other than New York, the rates are flat to down 3%. Professional E&O, those rates can vary from as much as 5% to 10% up to that amount down.  So, so much for brokerage and now let's move into program. We write a lot of professional liability all over the country. Now thats other than that amount and these would be insurance agents and life agents and architects, engineers and lawyers and dentists, etcetera. And those rates dont seem to be under upward pressure. As a matter of fact in lawyers, particularly a little larger law firm, those prices are going down maybe 9% to 10%, 8% to 12%. A little bit of that happening in the dental area, but not that much. In procure, the rates seem to be maybe down about 5%. Exposures maybe up about 2%. In the case of the something that I thought was rather interesting. We kind of follow up, as a harbinger of the economy, we follow the results of an operation that we have in St. Louis called PIP, Partial Insurance Plan. And so Partial Insurance Plan insures cargo risk for B to B, Business to Business, B to C, Business to Consumer, and C to C, Consumer to Consumer, and the shipment, the packages are limited to $25,000 in value. It can ship any tangible object other than money, ships or unset gems. And so in both January and December, the shipments for PIP were flat. Now, prior to that, for about five or six months, they had been ageing up. So dont know what that means. Again, I mentioned the fact that the dental and the lawyers are moving a little bit from here to there in terms of the pricing. Let's move into services. Workers compensation, now that's a line that there is going to be more and more pressure on for several reasons. Number one, it has extremely long tail. For smaller risk bearers, who have been aggressive, who havent limited their ultimate loss by reinsurance, those tails are serious. So, as you know, we are not in the risk bearing business, nor are we going to get in the risk bearing business. But one of our TPAs, United Self Insured Services, which does TPA work in Florida, Virginia, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama and a little in Kentucky, about 40% of that has been Florida. And so if you look at the little bit of segmentation as an example, lets take tourism in those states. Thats up. These are payrolls now, not prices, these are payrolls. Thats up 2% to 3%. Construction is basically 0% to down a couple of percent, and so that I thought was kind of interesting. One other little bit of information that I might mention to you is that at a particular self insurance firm that is the largest writer of roofing workers comp in Florida, the payrolls today are almost one-third of what they were in '07. So that's a substantial difference.  Public entities, we do have a goodly number of those. Workers comp payrolls, there is a small decline. Other lines, depending on where they are seem to be flat and there are some reductions in some of the revenue bases from those public entities because smaller entities cities, townships et cetera, are starting to share services which compresses a little bit the amount of premium developed. Now, sort of an off-side and to give you all an overview. In my opinion, this a very dangerous time for retail agents and brokers because there is pressure  more pressure from the nationals, a little less pressure from the regional, to push prices up and that's  and there are all of a sudden the pressure, pressure, pressure. The moment you relax, someone will come in and eat your lunch with a 10% reduction in premium and that's the same company that has just now told you they won't increase the price or they won't allow the price to be reduced. Theyre increasing it 2% to 5%. Very, very dangerous time. And so I would say, A, the push to increase rate is intensifying. B, I would say that the economy has bottomed out in most areas. I would also say that non-cat areas and product lines that are mostly vanilla are still very, very competitive. There is a bit of information that we've been looking at for a while, and we have tried to look at a segmentation of our middle market P&C and to some extent this would apply also to employee benefits account. If you look at the accounts we have that have $50,000 or more in commissions. Now, if it's property and casualty that's probably a $0.5 million of premium. So you have some kind of context. Those accounts that have more than $50,000, they seem to be doing better. Theyre coming out of the recession and they are starting to move. The ones that are smaller, less than $50,000, they're still flat or shrinking and struggling and this has something to do  it's impacted in some places by geography and the type of business, government or quasi-government, et cetera, but by a little bit of comparison that I have shared and I know Powell has shared in the past, if you look at our top gun Oregon, which is a report on all of our new business in the system for retail, in 2010 the average annualized new business commission was $13,243. In 2011 the same average commission was about $11,691. So these are on the smaller side. Now, one of the things that you must recognize is that the larger offices are writing out larger accounts and the smaller offices might have an average of maybe $6,000 or $7,000 in average commission. Now this is the annualized commission in the first year. It doesn't mean thats the total commission in the account, because the first year we write X or three lines of coverage and then the next year we write more than that, and therefore it starts to move up. But we do have a substantial amount of our business that is less than $50,000 and that also is a place that the regional companies really do like to hunt because the loss ratios for a long period of time have been really very good. So another bit of information to put into your pipes and smoke it. Next, a little bit of information that I was surprised. According to the Atlanta Federal Reserve District and I think this was in a speech of the President of the Atlanta Federal Reserve and I think it was July, August or September of this last year, maybe it was October, the Atlanta Federal Reserve District is Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Tennessee and that Federal Reserve District every year since the Second World War, has in a recession, has led the rest of the country out of the recession and number one. This time were last. I think there are maybe 12 Federal Reserve Districts. So were running last. There is a tendency to reflect really Florida and Atlanta in many cases. But elsewhere in that area where there was a lot of home building.  And so to synopsize my last thing that I'd like to mention to you, that Ive been to this picture show before and so I was thinking this morning how many times have I been to this picture show since 1959. I think five times. This one is different. This one is different and so I think it is going to be more gradual, which is good for the consumer and good for the industry as opposed to bombastic as it sometimes has a tendency to be which calls on all kinds of other specters. So thats kind of a potpourri of information and so, David, I'll ask you to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Well take our first question from Ray Iardella with Macquarie.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities: Hey, how are you guys. So first question I guess on Arrowhead. Do you have the organic growth number for the fourth quarter?
Cory Walker: Well, I think what we might do is, we have both Scott and we have Chris here. So who would like to answer that? Chris?
Christopher Walker: Sure. Good morning, Ray. Our growth rate overall if we look at 2010 to 2011 was about 7.4%.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, thats helpful. And then I guess some  maybe talking about the book, what percentage of the book of business is renewed on 01/01?
Christopher Walker: Of the Arrowhead book?
Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities: Yes, of the Arrowhead book, sorry.
Christopher Walker: Really, its dangerous to speak in generalities obviously about the book of business, because we write so much different lines of business. We have work comp. We have our commercial property book, et cetera. So its pretty well blended throughout the year. Certainly the work comp book is the book that tends to fall on big anniversary days. So January is a big date, as you expect, July is a date that's big for work comp, et cetera. So its a dangerous way to say, but its fairly well blended. It varies by which specific line of business we are talking about.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, thats helpful. I guess Im trying to get a sense, since the transaction closed on January 9, whether or not any 01/01 renewals would be included in first quarter results?
Christopher Walker: Well, they will be. On the January book, we did have the pro rate, the revenue in January on 31 days and the rest of it will be in the first quarter.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, thats helpful. And then I guess next is, could you guys comment on contingence going forward in the year? I know it's difficult to project out, but just give us a sense of where contingents might be going year-over-year?
Hyatt Brown: Well, that's a good question and it's kind of a guess. My sense and we've talked a lot about this is contingents probably will be down a little bit this year for the simple reason that loss ratios are going up, and we're not going to know that until much later in the year because our contingents come in February, March, April, and then they come in in July, and then they come in some in the last quarter. So my sense here is that they're going to be down because of loss ratios and also in the case of property, there has been a lot more properties that flowed into the non-standard, non-admitted market where we don't get contingents at the retail level. Now, how much is that reduction? I don't know.
Ray Iardella  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And next we have Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Hyatt Brown: Hey Adam, how are you?
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company: Good morning, Hyatt. Great. Thanks. Could you give us some detail on why specialty had such a good quarter compared to last quarter? Sorry, special programs.
Hyatt Brown: You want to talk about that, Cory?
Cory Walker: Yes, I am. On the professional program, obviously
Hyatt Brown: Special programs he said.
Cory Walker:  Did you say special or you say professional?
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company: I said special programs.
Cory Walker: Okay. On special programs. Well, we had  of course in special programs weve got the professional lines and the special programs line, and we had obviously Proctor. As I have previously said in the third quarter that the first quarter was going to be the first quarter and eight quarters that they're really apples and apples comparison. And so they were actually up almost 1.8 million by themselves and that is because they have been  as I previously said in another call, they've been writing a lot of new accounts. And so they are doing very well. In addition to that, we did have our public entity group had done reasonably well and then on top of that we have a group called Acumen Re that does some reinsurance and they had actually done well. So those three components.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company: Okay, thats helpful. With Western still lagging somewhat, is that more rate or exposure? What's holding that back?
Hyatt Brown: I think several things. It's both, but when you get into Western you've got Las Vegas and youve got Phoenix and then you have Southern California area. Those areas and we did have a substantial book of contractors out there, Adam, that's still not real strong. So it will come back, but it's going to be a little longer and also it's very competitive. When I talked about Phoenix, Arizona and youve got $0.06 property rate and the fact that workers' comp is now going down a little, it's a tough market, but it will slowly get better.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then also, in your initial remarks, Cory, I think you said earnings in the first quarter would be up maybe just a little. We would think with Arrowhead that youd see some pretty good progress right away. Is there any reason that's lagging in the first quarter?
Cory Walker : Well, I think it's mainly not Arrowhead. I mean, they're coming in, but as Hyatt had mentioned, it's going to be very choppy and I think we do have still some challenges based on what we're seeing just on our budget in some of the retail side of the business. So we'll just see how it shakes out.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Company: Okay. Thanks a lot for the help.
Operator: And next we have Sarah Dewitt with Barclays Capital.
Cory Walker : Hey Sarah.
Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning. My first question is, why do you expect first quarter '12 EPS to be similar to 1Q '11 given that organic growth has been improving and margins are expanding?
Cory Walker: Well again, Sarah, basically what Hyatt was saying is that we do think first quarter is choppy and looking at what some of the fallout has still been last year. Our basic budget is showing us, from an earnings per share more flattish. I think that once you get past the first quarter, we feel good about the whole year. But I just think that first quarter is going to be more like the first quarter last year for generally the retail division still.
Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then second, given your comments about the push to increase rates is intensifying and the economy is bottoming out. To what extent do you think you could return to positive organic growth in 2012?
Hyatt Brown: Well, good question. We sure as heck are going to bust our backside to do that. But its not done until its done. So when it's done, we'll announce it.
Sarah Dewitt - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: And next we have Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning all.
Hyatt Brown: Hi. How are you?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Im doing well. Yourself?
Hyatt Brown: Good.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you quantify the contingent commissions associated with Arrowhead?
Cory Walker: The total amount?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, please.
Cory Walker: Last year $105 million. No, oh contingent. I thought you said commission.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Oh no, Im sorry.
Cory Walker: It was a little bit over $4 million.
Christopher Walker: On that too  this is Chris Walker. Weve gone to more of a predictive revenue model. So weve taken some of the contingents out of it and taken standard commission on front steps. So the number is about $4 million.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats very helpful. And Cory, you mentioned some stock grants that were given for Arrowhead and for some office leaders and I was wondering if you could quantify the impact on 2012 diluted shares?
Cory Walker: Right. We think that on that portion of it, it would be a little over $3 million hitting our books.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Is it going to change the diluted share count or is it just the expense?
Cory Walker: Say that again?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Will that change the diluted share count?
Cory Walker: No, not initially. Not until they actually are vested in it.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: All right. And next from Deutsche Bank we have Yaron Kinar.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Can we talk a little bit about the national retail? I understand that clearly there still are some headwinds, but then again, we are seeing exposures general up in the U.S and we are seeing rates slightly improving. So does that simply mean, going back to your comment earlier, that the book of business in national is much more small business oriented than the rest of your book?
Hyatt Brown: Well, its all kinds of things, depending on where you are and what's the size of the office and etcetera. But here is the situation. Our business is much more vanilla oriented than maybe some other businesses. We dont have a lot of marine business as an example. Thats a very specialized area. And so when you get in the vanilla area and you get in businesses that are less than $50,000 in commissions, that's a happy hunting ground for regional companies. And there are companies that are not publicly owned, they're privately owned, they're mutual and self insured funds all over the United States. And so we represent many of those and anybody that's competitive, we always try and represent them. So I think there is more pressure on our book, plus the fact that we do have a pretty good slug of our business in the southeastern part of the United States and that's also recovering less rapidly than it has in the past.  All of that will ultimately fix itself, but we certainly don't want to have people getting a very robust, rosy, sanguine attitude when we know that over the next three and six months, there is going to be a lot of bloodshed because you see with a risk bearer and you listen to the national risk bearers, if they renew 82% to 85% of their business, they're happy. Well, if we renew less than about 93% or 94% of our business, we're not very happy. And therefore, weve got to do whatever weve got to do to protect our customers, to protect our book-of-business. And I think we're in just a more competitive area.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then maybe changing gears a little bit. Cory, I think you mentioned that you don't take the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables as a number to take too seriously. And certainly, it's true for any one given quarter, but then if you look at the last two years, it does seem like there is a negative trend there. How much do you read into that in terms of the success of M&A and how do you think of that going forward?
Cory Walker: This is actually a very important point and thanks for teeing up that question, because I think it's important to understand. What this number is coming from is that every time we make an acquisition, there's an earn-out component to it. What we have to do is stand on the date of acquisition and look out three years and come up with a prediction of how much do we think we're going pay them out on earn-out. Is it zero? Could it be $5 million? And we have to predict that and we use kind of a bell shaped curve and have all these projections at it. The acquisition could do well. Anything over zero, they're doing well. What this line does, it simply measures how good of a predictor I am. That's all it is measuring because we could say okay, we don't think we're going to have any earn-out and well book it at zero and of course any earn-out that they have would then go through the P&L.  So it is not a reflection at all at how well they're doing, because as long as they're doing better than zero, they're doing well. And so that's why Im saying plus and minus is not even an indication of how well they're doing. Its only how well did you predict? And so that's why I think I keep using the word ridiculous and it is. It is a capital transaction and yet they are forcing us to put it in as a P&L as if its some kind of earnings culmination process and it's not. And that's why I warn you that that's what why we have it in a separate line item, so you can't just ignore it. The fact is most of our acquisition have done well and they've all pretty much received earn-out. Its just that sometime we think they are going to do better than they actually have, but it's clearly not an indication of whether they're doing well or not. Do you understand what I am saying?
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Yes, I do. Thank you very much. Thanks for taking my questions.
Hyatt Brown: Hey David, we can only take one more question because its 9:03 according to the New York Stock Exchange.
Operator: Okay. Well take our final question from Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan.
Hyatt Brown: Hey Matthew.
Matthew Heimermann  JPMorgan: Hi. Nice to hear your voice. Actually just one question in the interest of time for Cory. You mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the benefits youve been seeing in terms of decreases in the underlying expense base because of staff attrition. Other efforts on rents, things like that I'd just be curious, if it feels like we are transitioning to an environment where economic prospects are a little better, potentially youre getting a little bit of  you could get a tailwind at some point from rates. Some of those actions, bell tightening actions you've taken over the last couple of years. Is it possible we may see you actually sell some of those spaces that you let, that went unfilled for a while? Things like that that might change the underlying push in expenses. I just want to get a sense of how to think about leverage vis--vis revenue in other words.
Cory Walker: Matt, thats a good question and I think the point is that obviously the last three or four years have been incredibly difficult because of the evaporation of revenue and it forced every one of our branches to really analyze every aspect of their expenses and theyve become more efficient and sometime the person retired and they decide not to replace that person right away and they got together as a team. Well, a lot of times what happens is people just realize that they can be more efficient. So the answer is that overall we are significantly more efficient today than weve ever been. Will we actually start to replace when our revenue start to move up and the headwinds are behind  the wind is in our sail so to speak. They may end up hiring back a account executive or account manager down the road. But it's going to be a very gradual process.  The point being is that we have a very good leverage built into our model and the vast majority, the net increase that comes about simply because of our clients exposure units increase, will fall to the bottom line, 60% to 70%. Now, and it will be a stepped approach, but it will be very gradual and I think youll see, even like in this situation where we still had negative growth, our margins increased and I think youve seen that demonstrated quarter after quarter in our model and it will continue to be fishy. We will not lose that efficiency.
Hyatt Brown: I think Matthew, to piggyback on that, we are more efficient today than we were two years ago, three years ago and we found that we can do things a little differently and still effectuate the same amount of renewal coverage, etcetera. So we are kind of bullish about the future in that respect. But thanks for the question and thank you all very much and good day and good luck. Thanks, David.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference and we thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown  President, Chief Executive Officer Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Keith Walsh  Citi Mark Hughes  SunTrust Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan  Brett Huff  Stevens Inc. Raymond Iardella  Macquarie Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities  Adam Klauber  William Blair Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Ron Bobman  Capital Returns 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. Earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the Company reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Companys business and prospects are contained in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, sir.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Alan. Good morning, everyone. Carriers are talking about the need for rate in certain lines of business; however, its not always happening or sticking. There continues to be a large gap between desired renewal pricing and new business pricing. With that, Id like to turn it over to Cory for our financial report.
Cory Walker: Thanks, Powell. Our net income for the third quarter of 2011 of $44.2 million was nearly the same as last years third quarter net income of $44.3 million. Our earnings per share for the third quarter of 2011 rounded down to $0.30 compared to the third quarter of last years EPS, which rounded up to $0.31. The single most significant difference in the two quarterly EPS results relates to a $2.6 million legal claim that was first filed in 1994 where we initially won on a summary judgment; but then the case was reversed  matter of fact, several times  over the next 17 years in the Texas State Appellate Court system, until this quarter when the Texas Supreme Court declined to review the case.  From a revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 4.5% or $11.1 million to 257.2 million. Thats up from the $246.1 million earned last years third quarter. Included in our press release is the table that summarizes our total growth rate and internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees, which of course excludes profit sharing contingent commissions and revenues from books or operations sold. In the third quarter of 2011, we received $7.2 million of profit-sharing contingent commissions. Thats $2.4 million less than the 9.7 million that we received in the third quarter last year. For the fourth quarter of 2011, most of any profit-sharing contingencies that we will receive will come from our FIU operations. If Florida is unfortunate and does have a hurricane to hit the state before year-end, we probably would not receive any additional profit-sharing contingencies; however, if there are no hurricanes, we could possibly receive a $1 million or maybe even a little bit more. Now looking at the internal growth schedule, we had a consolidated negative internal growth rate of 2.4%. Excluding the negative impact this quarter of Proctor Financial Inc. that weve discussed in previous conference calls, our internal growth rate was negative 2.1%. Our total core commissions and fees for the quarter increased 6.3% or $14.8 million of total new commissions and fees; however, within that net number was $20.5 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $5.7 million less commissions and fee revenues on a same store sales basis, hence the 2.4% negative internal growth rate. As the internal growth rate schedule indicates, we had positive internal growth rate in three of our four divisions, with only the retail division showing negative revenue growth. Powell will discuss the changes that well be seeing in the various divisions after the financial review. So moving on, our investment income was slightly down from the 2010 third quarter. However, our other income was $1.7 million more than last years third quarter, and that was primarily due to a settlement on a lawsuit that we had pursued and some gains on a few books of businesses. As it relates to our expenses and our pre-tax margins, our pre-tax margin for the third quarter of 2011 was 27.9% compared with our prior year margins of 29.5%. Thats a decline of 1.6 percentage points. However, if you exclude the impact of three items, one being the change in the acquisition earn-out liability line which is approximately $1 million, two  the unusual $2.6 million legal claim expense, and three  there was a one-time credit that we received in last years third quarter of $1.8 million which was a refund for previously expensed legal fees that we received from a carrier. If we do that, the 2011 third quarter pre-tax margin really is only about 30 basis points lower than the comparable 2010 quarter. Employee compensation and benefits as a percentage of total commissions and fee revenues for the third quarter of 11 was 49.3%. Thats compared with 49.6% in the third quarter of 2010. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation and benefits was approximately $4.9 million; however, $7.3 million of this net total was attributable to just the standalone acquisitions since last year. Therefore, if you exclude the impact of these standalone acquisitions, we actually had $2.4 million in less compensation, which is on kind of a semi-same store sales basis, and that reduction is primarily in salaries and producer commission expense. Our non-cash stock-based compensation costs of $2.9 million in the third quarter of 2011 is consistent with our previous guidance on the increased cost that includes the stock incentive plan that we implemented in the first quarter of 2011. In the current quarter, other operating expenses increased as a percentage of total commissions and fees by 2.2 percentage points to 14.9%. You may recall that in the third quarter of 2010, as I previously just mentioned, we received $1.8 million in cash from an insurance carrier that was on the tail coverage of one of our acquisitions. After months of discussion, the carrier agreed to reimburse us for prior defense costs that we had expended defending this pre-acquisition claim. The carrier also agreed to defend the case on a go-forward basis. Therefore, if you exclude, as I mentioned before, the $2.6 million of legal claim in 2011 and then you add back the one-time credit of $1.8 million for the 10 other operating expenses, then that line item increased only 50 basis points over last years ratio. The total dollar decrease in other operating expenses, excluding the $2.6 million and the $1.8 million, was roughly 2.7 million. If you look at just the standalone acquisitions last year, they account for $2.8 million of the total; therefore on a comparable same store sales basis, other operating expenses is essentially flat, excluding those items. Amortization and depreciation expense increased in aggregate over the 2010 third quarter, but that was the result of acquisitions. Interest expense is consistent with the expected quarterly amount of about $3.6 million. On our change in estimated acquisition earn-out payable, it was a credit of $810,000 this year third quarter versus a debit last year of 193,000; thus there is a net delta gain between the two quarters of almost $1 million, or one-half of $0.01. The credit in the third quarter this year occurred as a result of several acquisitions not performing as well as we had originally projected in terms of the earn-out payable as of the date of the acquisition.  Our effective tax rate for 2011 is currently expected to run in the 39.5% range, which is just slightly higher than last years effective tax rate. So to summarize, the earnings per share for the third quarter of 2011 when adjusted for the unusual $2.6 million legal claim from 1994 and ignoring the impact of the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payable, it ended up being $0.31 which is the same as the third quarter of 2010.  So with that quarterly financial overview, I turn it back to you, Powell.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cory. Great report. Florida retail was down 3 versus down 1.1 in Q2. Property rates are down 5 to up 5. GL rates are flat to down 5. Auto rates are flattish. Exposures are flat to down 5. NCCI is proposing 8.5% increase in work comp rates for 2012; however, they have not been approved yet. Construction risks are flat to down 5 on rates, and exposures are flattening.  Currently, Floridas unemployment rate as of August 2011 is 10.7% versus the national average of 9.1. Were seeing some national carriers be aggressive with their property capacity in Florida writing new business, and interestingly enough, valuations on high-rise condos and apartments are down.  National retail, down 4.4 versus 8.1. The southeast, excluding Florida, property rates are flat to up slightly  thats 2 to 3%. GL rates are flat to down 5%. Auto rates are flat. Work comp rates are up 3 to 5%. Exposures are generally flat. Rates in construction are flat to down slightly, and exposures are flat to down slightly. In the marketplace, carriers are looking for rate. Some are willing to walk away. New business is still very competitive. Regional carriers are the most aggressive on pricing. I would call it an inconsistent market. Underwriters are now asking for more information on accounts, actually more underwriting on accounts.  In the northeast, property rates are flat to up slightly. GL rates are down 2 to up 2. Auto rates are up 1 to 3%. Work comp rates are down 5 to up 5. Exposures are flat. Construction rates and exposures are down 5 to up 5. Markets in the northeast are looking for slight rate increases. Some are willing to walk away. The work comp experience has not been that good in the northeast region. Carriers are looking to write work comp with the package as opposed to work comp on a standalone basis. Midwest property rates are flat to up slightly. Gl rates are down 5 to up 5. Auto rates are flat. Work comp rates are down 10 to up 10. Construction rates are flat to down 10. Exposures are flat to down 30. Markets  national carriers are trying to continue to get rate. Regionals, as youve heard me say before, continue to be very aggressive in the Midwest. Western retail down 7.5 versus down 3.7. Property rates are down 5 to up 5. GL rates are flat to down 5. Auto rates are flat to down 4. Work comp rates other than California are flat to up 10. Work comp rates in California are down 5 to up 10. Construction rates are flat to down 5, and exposures are flat to down. From a marketplace, carriers are starting to really underwrite accounts in the west, particularly California. California market continues to be volatile with new players entering and others leaving. Basically, more underwriter-driven is how wed describe it. Were seeing carriers that are very aggressive on new business, and then that same carrier on renewal will try to push the rates up, get additional rate on renewal. WCIRB is recommending neutral rates in California for 2012; however, there are some class codes that are up and others are allegedly down, offsetting those that are up. More to come in California work comp. In employee benefits, small group rates are typically up 10% on average and large group rates are up 5 to 15. Exposures are typically flat in terms of the number of insured lives. Were getting lots of questions about the state benefit exchanges which are to come possibly. Pressure on commissions in certain areas, but in others not; and in certain areas of the country where weve sold high deductible plans, its interesting because were seeing increased pricing pressure on those, which indicates maybe they were underpriced when they were originally sold. Wholesale is up 40 basis points versus up 1% in Q2. Coastal property rates  Florida up 5 to 10 on average. Texas is up 10 to 20, specifically Harris County, Houston area. Gulf Coast, excluding Texas, would be up 3 to 7%, and east coast north of Florida is flat. GL rates are flat to down slightly. Professional liability, D&O, public company flat to down. Private companies are flat rates. Lawyers are flat to up 5. Miscellaneous E&O flat to down 5 except on real estate driven accounts, which are up. EPLI accounts are flat to up 10.  In the binding authority business, property rates are flat, GL rates are flat to down 10Im sorry, down 5; and professional rates are flat to down 10.  General comments  RMS 11 continues to create challenges for certain carriers in certain cat areas; however, in the binding authority business, its interesting that certain construction types of newer construction are actually going down in price, not going up in price which is what you hear pretty much across the board. I would describe the E&S market as a market in a state of flux. Traditional primary carriers in pricing for property are pushing rate, so historic excess carriers are now considering and actually coming down into primary positions. Were already starting to hear that 1-1 reinsurance cat treaties are projecting increases in the single digits as opposed to the double digits, so thats lower than initially anticipated or expected. More to come on that in the future. Programs  professional, down 1.3 versus down 5.4. Dentists and lawyers rates are flat to down slightly. Other professional lines are done 1 to 10%. ProfessionalIm sorry, special programs is plus-1.1 versus negative 12. Proctor rates are still soft, i.e. down. FIU is seeing a national carrier come into the marketplace on large TIVs. These are TIVs in excess of $80 million that are, I call it in the water  that means right on the sand.  In the services area, were up 2.8 versus down 80 BPs. Congratulations to the Advocator Group and Newquest both for having a great quarter. From an acquisition standpoint, weve announced $60 million of annualized revenue and completed 53 million year-to-date. We closed 5.8 million in the third quarter. Interest level is good and the pipeline is good. Were seeing lots of opportunities that seem to be coming into the market today, but as youve heard me say before, we dont believe theyre done until we sign on the line. In conclusion, I would say that the economy continues to present challenges in growing our business. Were very focused on growing our business organically and are continuing to take steps to do that, but were veryyou know, the economy continues to bump around. Two  competition for all accounts is fierce. If an incumbent market is given last look, its difficult to pry the account away. And finally, regardless of what you hear on other interesting calls about the marketplace, there continues to be a significant gap between new business pricing and desired renewal pricing, i.e. carriers wanting to drive rate up when in essence that same carrier will price the same account if it were new 10 to 15% less. Thus, some accounts are moving carriers at renewal, and so its an interesting dynamic that we are continuing to see. That said, thats the end of our prepared remarks; and Alan, Id like to turn it back over to you now to start with the questions and answers.
Operator: Thank you, sir. If you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing the star key followed by the digit one on your telephone keypad. If youre using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, to signal for a question or comment, please press the star key followed by the digit one. Well pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions. Our first question comes from Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Hey, good morning everybody. How are you? 
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Keith Walsh  Citi: I guess first question for Powell and/or Cory  just looking at your net cash position, it seems about $83 million. Looks to me the highest Ive ever seen on your balance sheet. With your stock pulling back the way it has, you know, maybe at 7.5 times EBITDA, we can debate what that level is. I recall you guys typically saying youll buy new deals at 6 to 7 times. Why not acquire yourselves at this point?
Powell Brown: Well, good morning Keith and thank you for the question. As youve heard me say before, I dont like the term never or always as it relates to a stock repurchase, and we have talked and will talk in the future about that with our Board. But up to this point, our Board has not thought it was in the best interest to do that. We think there continues to be a lot of good acquisition opportunities out there, but its something that we obviously will talk to our Board about periodically and see what their interest is.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay. And then just a broader question on the organic  it seems thatand I understand the pressures you guys specifically feel based on your size and geography, and the many factors over the last several years. But were heading into year five of consecutive organic declines; and Arthur Gallagher, which is probably the closest public comp in North America, have had two. So why should this stock continue to be viewed as the growth name in the group, and has the model fundamentally changed at this point?
Powell Brown: Well no, the model has not fundamentally changed. As you know, Keith, by way of background  our seven biggest states in Brown & Brown in order of revenue concentration where it is being produced  Florida, Michigan, New Jersey, California, New York, Pennsylvania, and Washington. Several of those states, as you know, are in deeper economic holes than others, and some have said that in Floridayou know, weve been asked on this call before, do you think that you have a diversification strategy away from Florida? And the answer is no, we havent; but if you look at the number of our acquisitions, the majority of those have happened outside of Florida. Thats background which you already knew. We have been impacted by what I would call the true middle market more so than it seems like others. And I dont know how others, be it the firm that youve used by name or others, count their internal growth, and I dont know if theyre truly in the middle market that were in or in the market segment, specifically the geographic segments, that we are in, or to the concentration that we are. However, I would tell you this  we are very focused on doing whats in the best interest of our clients and writing lots of new business and retaining the existing business that we have. We have continued to see more clients  and this is no excuse, its an observation  we have seen more clients acquired and go out of business than we have seen historically, and that has been over the last four to five year period. Its not something that has seemed to abate in the last year.  Two  we have not seen the economy improve like some might have indicated, and so well be interested to see how others grow their business. Are we happy with the way were growing our business organically? No, were not; and I take responsibility for that. However, were doing everything in our power to grow our business, and we will continue to do that.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you. Good morning. Can you give me an idea of the organic growth trends in the benefits segment? Is it keeping pace with the broader company, a little bit better, a little worse?
Powell Brown: Well good morning, Mark. Basically what I would tell you is the benefits area has been dramatically impacted  this is a broad statement  by a reduction in headcount. And so youve heard me say today that exposure units are somewhat flat, which they have been; but theyve been pulling back over the last several years in a number of industries, one. Two  the other thing that weve seen across the board that we havent talked as much, probably, about, but depending on where you are and what state, some carriers have gone from commission on small groups  small group could be defined as under 50 or under 100  from commission to a per head per month. So the only way your commission goes up, it doesnt move anymore if they go to a per head per month because if you dont add people, your commission levels dont go up, number one. Number two  we have in certain areas of the country, well have commission disclosure, additional commission disclosure or fee disclosure outside of the premium on the account Com 1-1. We dont think thats a problem. We dont have a problem disclosing that in the markets or any markets, for that matter, if desired by our customers. But what youve got is a number of things that have occurred which probably  long-winded answer - make it in line with our business because, one, youve seen a dramatic reduction in headcount in a lot of our insureds; two, youve seen, just like in the P&C side, some of our clients acquired or gone out of business; three, youve seen some changes in the way that were being paid by carriers both on small, medium and large groups. And so historically, prior to the slowdown in the economy, I would tell you that the organic growth there was good, and very good. I would tell you now I think its more in line with the overall company.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: But you didnt really touch on health reform there. That hasnt been as much of an impact on your business?
Powell Brown: No, I think that health reform  I went neutral there on that, as you noticed  is because I think that it creates some challenges and some that we, unfortunately, cant tell you exactly how its going to impact our business. Thats one side of it. But conversely, it creates great opportunity for us because we are getting more clients because were able to go out and talk to clients about how we see healthcare reform impacting their businesses and things that they can do going forward to try to anticipate the issues that they will face as a buyer of that insurance in the future. So theres kind of both sides of the equation, but no one  dont let anybody tell you  no one has a crystal ball on exactly what healthcare reform is going to do, and many people out there believe that there will be additional changes to the current law thats in place after the election next year, regardless of who the President is.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Right. A follow-up  special programs up this quarter, was down double digits last quarter. Any body language you can provide going forward? Anything at Proctor or elsewhere that gives you some insight into Q4?
Cory Walker: Mark, you know, the good thing is that this should be the last quarter that we have to specifically identify Proctor because weve had to deal with them and their large numbers for the last eight quarters, of which the first four quarters were they had huge amount of revenue increases and the last four quarters theyve come down. Starting in the fourth quarter, they should be back to a normal flat-upon-flat kind of comparison, and so they were only down this quarter a little less than $1 million. Just to kind of round out the year, theyre pretty much on their budget, so we do expect if they hit their budget, they should be up in the fourth quarter also, so that will be a positive trend. And the rest of the programs would be going along their normal expectation, what weve seen recently.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Dewitt with Barclays Capital.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Cory Walker: Hey, Sarah.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Could you talk about your outlook for P&C prices, given that most insurers are announcing another pretty significant quarter of catastrophe losses? Are you seeing any improvement there, or do you expect to?
Powell Brown: Yeah, remember Sarah  we, but more specifically I am the outlier on that, and so youre going to probably hear, I assume, that middle market rates with carriers are going up 1 to 3%. Thats what I think youre going to probably hear in earnings season this quarter. What I would tell you is we still have $560 billion of surplus in the industry, and with that, the industry continues to be overcapitalized. And even though loss ratios on workers compensation and property losses in the United States, and all the things that you would say would seem to make sense where rates would go up, I still think those will be tempered. So will rates continue to go up slightly in areas? The answer is on renewals there are certain accounts that are stickingrate increases are sticking in the low single digits around the country. Having said that, Ive said before and Ill say it again, if you take a beer distributor in Denver, Colorado and its with national carrier A, and they want a 3% rate increase, and if you could  which we wouldnt do this  but if you took the same account and you changed the name and you submitted it again for new business, itd be 10 to 15% less. And so what that does is it creates a unique kind of churn in the market because if we dont bring that to our customer, somebody else will. And so we want to keep all of our existing customers and get new customers, so there will be certain clients that were priced very competitively before that will probably be able to sustain a rate increase. Many others will not. So when you hear that rate increase on a certain segment in a carrier, I would say thats true, but thats on the accounts that they renew. Thats not on the new accounts that they write, and when we write that new business with them, it seems to be significantly lower than the same rates that theyre renewing.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on the retail organic growth, thats remained about negative 5%, even though it seems like there is somewhat less of a headwind from pricing and exposures. Can you talk about whats going on there and what are you seeing in terms of trends for new business and retentions?
Powell Brown: Sure. I would tell you, Sarah, that our new business trends and our renewal retention ratios are within the historic norms with an exception. As I alluded to earlier, we have seen more businesses acquired and go out of business in the last five years than weve ever seen, and so thats the only caveat to that statement. And so I was on the phone yesterday with several leaders around our country, one being in southern California, and the discussion was exactly that  they have had a number of clients, three or four clients that were just acquired, and they have notnot that we dont run into that all the time and everything, but its a higher percentage than normal in that office thats impacted their business. And so were continuing to do what we believe that we do best, which is the middle market, P&C and employee benefits business. We continue to try do everything we can to renew our existing customers and write as much new business as possible.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Grasher with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just a follow-up on that  with competition being so intense, I guess, in the industry, have you had to take any steps to retain clients in any extraordinary way?
Powell Brown: Well, it usually is on an account-by-account basis, Mike, and so I would say that this is a very competitive environment and obviously we have to do things when we try to retain our customers, and sometimes quite honestly, we see competitors do things that dont make sense financially, and that means that our customer has come back to us and said, can you do something about this. And if we can, we can; if we cant, we cant. Unfortunately that customer would leave and go somewhere else, and hopefully well be able to regain that customer in the future. I would tell you that we continue to be very focused on driving new business and retaining business inside of our system, and were always interested in thinking about new things if there is something that we can do to improve upon that. But were very, very focused on retaining our existing customers where it makes sense, which we hope is all of our customers, and writing a lot of new business.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Okay, but would you suggest that your efforts in terms of trying to retain due to competition is any different than it has been in other previous quarters?
Powell Brown:  I think that in the last four years, Mike, that I would say that we have run into more competitors that have said more unusual things that try to enable them to get in to see our customer, and thats just the way the market goes. But no, to answer your question  I dont think theres something so dramatically different. It is a very competitive environment. Is it more competitive than past cycles? I dont know if I would say that, one way or the other. I think theres increased pressure on independent insurance agents because although our business has shrunk organically that you all are talking to us about, we know of numbers of independent agents who have shrunk dramatically  and I mean dramatically  and so therefore the pressure on them is even greater than ever before. So theyre in a position to do some things that maybe they werent heretofore going to do. You know, weve got to work through that.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: All right, thats helpful. And then I wanted to just ask about investment yield and that. There certainly are a lot of alternative investment options out there in the marketplace. Have you explored or have you been looking at opportunities that maybe you could improve your yield at the same time, the product or the vehicle meets your liquidity needs here? Particularly given that rates are expected to be so low for some time to come.
Cory Walker: Mike, we have looked at tax-free mutual funds, the ultra-short and the short funds, and at this stage were typically just more conservative because the majority of the cash is our clients, and so we continue to invest mainly inbasically just the standard money markets, and were not making a lot  20, 30 basis points. But we just dont feel comfortable chasing yield, and so I dont think that strategy is going to change anytime soon.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Fair enough. And then Cory, just to clarify  you mentioned the contingents and spoke about no hurricanes in Florida. I think you said a million or more. Was thatthe million or more, is that the total contingency youre anticipating, or is it just out of Florida?
Cory Walker: No, that would bewe may get a fewIm talking less than $100,000 of other contingents in others parts of the country, but the major contingencies in the fourth quarter will come from FIU. So if we dont haveif the wind doesnt blow, you can plan $1 million to $1.2 million, something of that nature, so its going to be a relatively low number. And if the wind does blow, you can pretty much count less than probably 100,000.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan. Please proceed, sir.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody. I really only had one question today, which is justyou know, historically I think the Companys really incented people with a very long-term perspective of growth and building value through compounding growth over time, and I think thats been reflected in some of the pretty long vesting schedules for the stock. So I guess Id just be curious how you, from your view of morale of the company today given the stock has not really been doing anything over the last three years, and I guess how much patience do you thinkor how patient do you think the employees and producers are when they look at the environment today, given that were not really seeing any big, big signs of hope on the horizon, at least over the short term?
Powell Brown: Good morning, Matt. To answer your question, one, as you know the primary wealth building vehicle historically at Brown & Brown has been the PSP or Performance Stock Plan, which is a grant, not an option. And when that grantwhen the stock price went up certain levels, then those grants were awarded, not vested. And so as you know, over the last 12 months with our stock price as it moved up earlier this year, we actually had two of those tranches awarded  that doesnt mean vested  awarded, and so there was actually value created for participants in those plans, number one.  Number two  we all know  everybody on this call  that the equity markets have been volatile and interesting, to say the least, so it is not one thing that is Brown & Brown specific. However, that doesnt address the question that you raised, which is this  it is somethingdo I think a lot about it? The answer is yes, I think a lot about it because wealth creation is an important component of our system, and driving a reward system that will bind people to Brown & Brown and allow them to grow financially for themselves and their families.  That said, as you know, we implemented a new program this year, a stock incentive plan, and that was and is something that we are very pleased about and think that that can work for a number of people. We also are notwe dont rule out anything relative to creative reward systems that drive the desired performance at Brown & Brown. And so the key is that were all working really hard to address the question that a number of people prior to you have asked, which is how do we grow our business organically and how do we bind everybody together to be successful to kind of ride out this choppy economic environment into a positive organic growth environment. So that said, I think that under the circumstances, I think that morale in our company is good. Im not going to say its great because anybody that looks at their stock price and the stock price moves down, theyre not that keen on that, and theres a number of people  myself and Cory  that have a lot of that stock. Having said that, its something that we talk a lot about how do we do whats in the best interest of our customers and retain the existing customers and write a lot of new customers, which in turn creates opportunities for all the people on our team and those that will come in the future. And as we grow our business organically, our stock price will take care of itself.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Thats fair. And then just a follow-up on that  you mentioned retention rates for business and new business were within historical norms. I guess just when you think about retention of people, could you give a little bit of color on that, how thats running? Obviously there was some turmoil over the last couple of years with some of the management changes, and there were some high profile folks who left. But under the surface, how are things trending there?
Powell Brown: Right. Well, the answer is I think that, too, continues in an historical norm. Remember, in a decentralized organization, leaders at individual offices make hiring and termination decisions, and so I always wonder when you read in the Wall Street Journal, it says XYZ Company is going to cut 10% of their workforce. I have no idea how they come up with that as opposed to saying, look, we assess the need to add teammates. We dont like this, but if there is a reduction in teammates at an individual local office level, thats the local office leaders decision. And we hire based on need and ability to grow that business, and so we have not seen a dramatic change in turnover, be it on a service team member level, on a producer team level, or profit center level; and so nothing, I would say, outside of the normal.
Matthew Heimermann  JP Morgan: Right. Thanks much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff with Stevens Inc.
Brett Huff  Stevens Inc.:  Good morning, Powell. Good morning, Cory.
Powell Brown: Morning, Brett.
Brett Huff  Stevens Inc.:  A couple questions  on the compensation number, Cory, you talked a little bit about this and I think you said the driver of, I thought it was a pretty good number on a percentage of revenue  lower than we modeled  on just lower salaries and lower producer comp. Anything in there that was unusual or is that something that we shouldgiven that at least I thought it was less than we expected, is there anything that should make that go back up, or is there anything unusual in there this quarter?
Cory Walker: No, its not. The only item that was probably a little bit stronger was on the producer compensation which is tied directly to the total revenue amount. So anytime you have negative internal growth, youre going to have a slightly lower producer comp because the total commissions have gone down. But other than that, we run our business on a local level, and the private center leaders in each one of our 170-plus offices make those decisions, and that is more sustainable because youll never, ever see a memo ever come out of corporate headquarters saying, look, weve got to have this kind of reduction. Thats all done at the local level and they know the levels of workload that theyve got to deal with. So its pretty sustainable, and thats the beauty about Brown & Brown, is when we do get a little bit of a headwind, that efficiency level at the local level is going to come through in fairly nice leverage on an earnings basis. So nothing unusual there.
Brett Huff  Stevens Inc.:  Okay, thanks. And then Powell, you were mentioning an interesting take on the trend that youve seen that has been out of the norm the last few years, which is some of your clients going out of business, particularly in the middle market. I guess the thought that I have, or the question I have is does it get worse or have you guys seen it trend in more recent months, given the increased economic worries or jitters? I dont know if you track it monthly or et cetera, but has it changed, gotten worse just recently?
Powell Brown: Brett, I cant give you empirical data on that, but my sense of it is its more the same than significantly worse or better. I think it just kind of bumps along from a standpoint ofits just something that has impacted, just like other businesses  this is not unique to us, Brown & Brown. But I would tell you that there have been more customers sold and go out of business than we have seen historically in this period of time, and I dont know if there is anything that we seen in the near to intermediate term that would change that. I think that were going to continue to see that, and I wish you or somebody else on the call could give us a little color around that, but I just think that itsI think the economy is kind of bumpy, as we all know, and that might be an optimistic view for a while. It is a kind of a bumpy environment for the next 18 to 36 months, and I dont know what that really means because I dont know if anybody can say that.
Brett Huff  Stevens Inc.:  Thats helpful. And then on the M&A trends, you talked a little bit about having a good pipeline. Given that at least there is somea little bit of rate optimism in pockets, although other folks have a more negative view, maybe, than we do. Have you seen any change in the conversations, tones, behavior of those folks that you are looking to acquire relative to information on rates coming out?
Powell Brown: Yeah I think, Brett, I would steer youI dont think that the discussion emanates or starts with a change in rates. I think what it does is its a combination of a couple things  one, the pending or potential changes in the tax code, whatever that means going forward, one. Two, I think there was a period of time where people believed that the economy was getting better, and then you combine that with a slight lift in rates and they might feel better about their ability to earn up into an additional amount in an earn-out type of scenario. I think, three  I think some sellers are saying, look, as a smaller business relatively speaking, theres probably a benefit in light of all the bumps were going through of being affiliated with a larger organization relative to market relationships and access to things that we may not heretofore have had. And so I think its not so much a rate-driven thing. I think thats a part of a bigger discussion around why people are talking and may be more interested in selling today than they have been in the past. And as youve heard me say before, I dont believe it until its done and signed, but were talking with lots of people and were always talking with lots of people. Were talking to lots of people but until theyre done, I dont believe it. I alsobefore the call started, Cory and I were talking about it and when you really get right down to it, it seems like theres probably the same number of suitors out there; they just all have different names, except us and that other firm that was named earlier. It seems like everybody else has got a different name, and some of them have different backers, and those that have PE backing, thats short-term so theyll put something together and flip it in three to seven years. Were a long-term deal. Were trying to protect and grow our franchise, and our customers are the most important. And so that resonates with some sellers, Brett, as you know; and then theres some sellers that theyre not as interested in that.
Brett Huff  Stevens Inc.:  Thats helpful. And then last question  on margins, I think Cory, this ones to you. Assuming that we have kind of the same kind of organic growth into 12 as we do today, assuming that stays the same, each quarter over the past many quarters ex-the M&A expense in both your expense line items, you guys have seen a quasi-same store sales declines. Sometimes theyre bigger, sometimes theyre smaller, but theyre always there. How long can that kind of go on, or is that something you guys will just continue to get done given the decentralized nature of the business? 
Cory Walker:  Brett, I think youre right that it all is because of decentralization, and what it is is every office tries to be better today than they were yesterday. And so as we go along, especially with the decreased revenues, they find more and more efficiencies. So if you look at all of our offices and you put them from the highest operating margins down to the lowest, basically our operating margin is in the middle. So youve got half the offices that are below the average, and where our margin improvement comes from is essentially the lower half makes incremental improvements and the margins increase. So if you think about it in that context, the margins if you have high quality people like we have will always incrementally improve, as long as we dont have the big headwinds that we had last the four years where you cant outrun such loss of revenues. And as we get closer to flat revenue growth and not have the headwinds, our margins will continue to improve. So again, it emanates from having the strongest culture and the best people that that happens, and it always amazes me how we do get compared in terms of what our internal growth are and all these other firms saying that they have it, yet their margins dont increase. That, I just dont understand. That doesnt make sense.  So to conclude, our margins generally will always improve in a normal market.
Brett Huff  Stevens Inc.:  Okay, thats what I needed. Thanks for your time today.
Operator: And well go next to Raymond Iardella with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Raymond Iardella  Macquarie: Good morning, guys. Just a quick one, I guess, thinking about contingents going forward in 2012. I guess some of the primary insurance carriers have pre-released third quarter earnings, and a lot of the storms have been pretty prevalent in those releases. How do you guys think about 2012 contingents against that backdrop?
Powell Brown: Well Raymond, good morning. The answer is we said in the past, a general statement is when losses go up, contingent and profit-sharing payments go down as a whole; however, thats a broad statement and you cant say, well, thats going to impact Brown & Brown collectively because you dont knowit depends on what we write with that carrier and how our clients were affected in that storm or that series of events. And so whether you take the tornadoes this past year or any other type of natural disaster, I think its got to be zeroed in more on individual offices than something more broadly stated. However, I think its fair to say that when losses go up, the expectation  whether it be us or others  of profit-sharing and contingencies goes down.
Raymond Iardella  Macquarie: Okay. So I guess trying to drill inask the question a little bit differently. On the retail P&C side, do you guys focus more on casualty versus property, or can you kind of give us a sense of what that breakdown is?
Powell Brown: No, its not so much a focus onit usually is going to be more driven by, one, geography and the individual office and the leadership at that office. So if youre in Florida, obviously, we havejust to give you an interesting statistic, $1.9 trillion worth of property values within one county of the coast. 1.9 trillion  thats commercial and residential. The second highest concentration like that in the United States thats susceptible to a hurricane is New York. So if youre in places like Florida or in Texas or Gulf Coast, youre going to have lots of property exposure. If youre in places like Chicago and Denver, they have property exposure but they dont have cat exposure, so the premiums for the property policies are significantly lower. So you may still write a lot of property, but the rate on that property is substantially less. So it depends on where you are. We dont track it on a break-out by saying, okay, property is 20% of our overall book, casualty is 44%, work comp is the following, blah blah blah. I can give you sort of an off-the-cuff estimate, but its going to be more driven by where you are locally in the cat exposure. In California, its going to be quake. But if you take quake out in California, their cat exposure is relatively limited except theyre going to say things, like, brush fire exposure because they build nice homes right on the hills and they burn.  So I know that didnt really answer your question, but its going to be more driven by location and the individual office.
Raymond Iardella  Macquarie: Okay. And I guess switching gears a little bit towards the capital discussion again, how do you guys think about the dividend? I know you guys have been growing it over the past few years, but how do you think about that going forward? Just going back to the comment earlier about your net cash position, is it something that you look at versus cash earnings versus just straight EPS, or is it EBITDA? What kind of metrics are you looking at when setting the dividend policy?
Powell Brown: Well, the answer is were proud of the fact that weve increased our dividend for 18 consecutive years. We also, you know, are pretty conservative about our financial position, and so its something that, barring something that we dont see, well talk to our Board about the idea of potentially increasing the dividend in the future. Historically, we have tried to keep the vast majority of our retained earnings in-house to reinvest in our business as opposed to payout exclusively in dividends or more from a percentage in dividends. But I would just tell you that its something that we talk to the Board about once a year, and wed like to continue the string of what were doing, but well talk to them and well see how they feel about it.
Raymond Iardella  Macquarie: Great, thats very helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: And well go next to Ken Billingsley with BGB Securities. 
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Good morning.
Powell Brown: Good morning.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Just a couple follow-up questions on some comments that you already made. One  just regarding compensation costs, just wanted to follow up on a question there. Obviously on the organic side, the costs are going down but the margins go up, and I believe thats through acquisitions that youve made. If thats true, could you just talk about how long does it typically take to get some of these acquisitions in line, and what are some of the steps that you take considering that the number of acquisitions have gone down but the overall margins have gone up?
Powell Brown: Right. Well remember, Ken, our goal is to have an acquisition come in at a pro forma EBITA or operating profit of 25%; and so they have, obviously, an incentive to grow their actual ultimate payout based on an earn-out of growing their actual prospective operating profit dollars. And so typically what we try to do is get those teammates moreas quickly as possible to the Brown & Brown model, whether it be producer compensation or otherwise. But at the end of the day, they realize that if they move their margin from 25 to 28% over a several year period and they grow their business, they get the value of that in the multiplier. Thats number one. Number two  I would also want to say that when we talk about compensation and specifically growing our business and how it talks about margins and everything, we are very focused, as you know, on growing our business organically. And so weve gotten lots of feedback here on this call before and in investor conferences about our margin, and its interesting because we got a little feedback on our internal growth, or shrinkage more specifically, and I just want to make sure that everybody understands that we are very focused on growing our business and we believe we can grow our business profitably.  And so having said that, were in very unusual times as it relates to what were talking about, and so youre going to continue asking us about internal growth or shrinkage as long as we shrink organically. But we also know that we are very efficient relative to our margins, and so I want to make sure that everybody understands that Im focused on, and we as a company are focused on growing organically, and if in fact there might have to be for a very short period of time that margin go back slightly to grow our business going forward, Im prepared to do that.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: And then on top of that, when you talked about how the decisions are handled at the individual levels as opposed to at the corporate side regarding some of those costs, where do you step in to make sure that an operation doesnt maybe cut too lean just to try and keep the margins up at the expense of losing talent?
Powell Brown: Right. I think thats a very good question, Ken. The answer is ultimately in a decentralized organization, that occurs with leadership. And so ultimately, when you have a high-quality leader in individual locations, he or she has to make that kind of difficult  which is not easy  a difficult call, which iswhat youve just addressed is a long-term strategy as opposed to a short-term game plan on a quarterly or an annual basis. And so we, the senior leadership, talk to our leaders eachevery senior leader has a number of direct operating reports about how we invest and recruit and retain high-quality people today and going into the future. That does not specifically mean just producers, although that is a very significant part of it. Thats other teammates, being service teammates or account managers, or any of the other positions in our company because its so important. So were very focused on retaining high-quality people because we think theres a direct correlation between retention of those high-quality people and retention of our customers.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: The long-term incentive plan that youve had in place for a while, and then you have the stock incentive. Is that replacing the long-term incentive plan? Is the long-term incentive plan still in place just modified for the new people coming in, or is that across the board?
Powell Brown: Yeah, let me make surethe PSP plan started in 1996. This year, the beginning of this year, we implemented a modified stock incentive plan, so the PSP that is in place continues to run its course through award and vesting periods. And so for example, the current PSP thats still out there still has a period of time to go to potentially still tranche or have additional tranches, subject to the price of the stock performing as stated in those contracts. The SIP that was created this year has a component of growth on individual producers books and the companys earnings per share growth, and so we move from the PSP towards the SIP. And so the PSP doesnt go away; were just not doing new PSP plans, per se. Now were doing new SIP plans.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Okay, so
Powell Brown: So the golden handcuffs that are there for the PSP, weve got over $100 million of stock on the table that could be vested by people over the next 10 years or so. So those golden handcuffs are still there; and then the SIP now iswere in the phase for the next five years of trying to hit these personal performance goals. And so most of those plans are focused on growing the revenues on the internal growth side of it on a personal performance criteria.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: And obviously, are you spending more time talking with them now since theyre focused on the growth aspect, that long-term versus short-term goal, has that been modified at all in the perception of the individuals that are now looking at their bottom line results?
Powell Brown: Yeah, let me make sureand I dont know if youre as familiar with the PSP. That was a 15-year cliff vest. In the SIP component, youve got on itfor a producer, youve got a five-year window to grow your book, and then theres a payout over years six, seven and eight. The earnings per share growth component, which we all participate in, is a 10-year cliff. 
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Okay.
Powell Brown: So thats a longwinded answer. Im saying yes, its shorter.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Its shorter, but theres stillits still staggered.
Powell Brown: Its a long-term component, yes. Were focused onremember, were focused on having long-term binding of teammates together with wealth creation. 
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Very good. I just wanted to verify, and I thought I may have misread this  have you started to use your stock in some acquisitions more than you have in the past?
Powell Brown: No.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: You have not. Okay.
Powell Brown: Hows that for a good answer? No.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: No, thats perfect. Last question was on workers comp in California, I believe you said that your rates depending on certain segments was essentially more on the down side, recommendation for flat. Are the rates that youre seeing coming through from comparison to the prior year, is it due to discounts being offered, getting that net rate down, or are you talking about the pure rate thats
Powell Brown: Yeah, no, no. Lets talk aboutin California, what youve got is you have suggested rates for carriers to use by the WCIRB, and then carriers can deviate from those rates. And basically what were seeing is there are certain carriers  there might be some outliers, by the way  who are sort of leading the charge on the decrease in the rate. Thats the ultimate rate when the discount is applied. Then there are other carriers that want to get increases, and so the question is do you find that carriers are willing to walk away from the premium or not? Some are, some are not. I think the important thing, though, is this  you will hear and we always seem to get asked a lot of questions about California in comp, and California always seems to be an interesting topic on calls. But I found it interesting when I was getting information over the last couple of days for this call, that rates were beingthey were recommending neutral rates in 12. I found that hard to believe; however, inside of that, there might be some unusual lining, and I dont know the class codes that are impacted as well to say off the top of my head, but there are going to be certain class codes that are going to have rate increases, and certain that are going to be rate decreases. And so there may be some industries that are impacted more significantly than they actually even realize.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Very good. Well, thank you for taking my questions.
Powell Brown: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Youve done a great job on cost control, but it sounds like youre still fighting uphill  contingents are going down, organic is going down. Is there any way the margin can go up if contingents are going down and organics are going down?
Powell Brown: Lets say that its difficult to increase margins in that environment. 
Cory Walker: But the overall positive sign is that when contingents start to go down, that means that loss ratios are going up and therefore there is upward pressure on pricing, and at the end of the day well take upward pricing over contingents any day of the week, or for the long term.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Okay, thanks Cory. That actually leads into my follow-up. It sounds like the pricing is very spotty  up in some markets, down in some markets, and thats typical. But if we look today versus nine months ago, is the pressure from rates less than it was today than it was nine months ago?
Powell Brown: If you look at averages, then probably the answer to that is yes. The average rate decrease overall in the middle market is probably less today than it was, lets say, a year ago slightly. But remember, Adam, the biggest issue for us, and all of the information that Ive given you, thats averages. Theyre kind of aggregating averages, which is kind of a little dangerous sometimes when you say that relative to exposure units, because exposure units are the single biggest driver in our business. Ive said that; I will always say that. If you go back into the early 90s, middle 90s, rates were down 3 to 9%, which is more than theyre down primarily now; but the economy was growing. Were growing organically, so my point is exposure units far and away have a bigger impact on our business and any other commission-driven middle market business than anything else.
Adam Klauber  William Blair: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And well go next to Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I appreciate your patience. Two quick questions if I can  let me start with Cory. You mentioned gains on books of business in the other income line. Does that imply that future quarters in that table that sort of summarizes the organic growth that shows divestitures, should we anticipate some level of divestitures in future quarters from this quarters book sales?
Cory Walker: No, no, no. The number in the internal growth schedule does reflect any books that weve sold, and those  whatever were sold in the last quarter  the gain or loss had already occurred. So there is always going to be book sales. We typically dont have that much of it, but given the option ofdepending on the situation, we may opt to go on and sell the book as opposed to fighting it. So youre always going to have some of it. I wouldnt anticipate much, but in this past quarter it happened to be about $600,000 worth of gain in that line item, and that was up from last years. That same quarter, there was essentially a $40,000 loss. So it comes and goes, but generally not that big in the scheme of things.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats helpful. And second quarter, Powell, you mentioned earlier that youre seeing, I think in most regions, that the regional carriers are being more aggressive. And I dont know if Im over-thinking this, but does that have any impact on the contingent commissions? In other words, do regionals pay more generously?
Powell Brown: No, I think that could be the case, Meyer, but I thinkwhat youve got with regionals typically, regardless of who they are, they usually havethey, one, seem to be more competitive in certain geographic areas. They have very good relationships with their agent distribution force. They do tend to haveand one of the reasons they have those very strong relationships, they do have good contingency and profit-sharing arrangements. I would say as a general statement, many of those regional carriers were significantly impacted by the storms this year, so its kind of interesting because they are very competitive but I know a number of them, and those that you know and I know that are public, you can look at their results and theyve kind of taken it in the chops, a number of them.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Right. Yeah, its just a game of pushing it forward, I guess.
Powell Brown: Thats right.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks so much. That covers me.
Operator: And well go next to Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Thanks. Powell, youre doing a good job on these calls, although I never thought your father ran these calls over an hour. 
Powell Brown: Well it seems that a lot of people have interest today. Im glad!
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns: Thats right. Im thankful; I wouldnt get my Q in if you didnt. So I have two questions  what do you expect from Citizens over the next 12 months or so, that sort of timeline? And would you comment with what you see in the excess and surplus lines market? Thanks a lot, and best of luck, guys.
Powell Brown: Yeah, great. First Ron, I would say relative to Citizens in the State of Florida  thats what you were referring to, correct?
Ron Bobman  Capital Returns :  Correct.
Powell Brown: Yeah, okay. Its interesting  we all kind of joke that we like to think about it logically and rationally, and the rational, logical position would be that rates have to go up and that the legislature and the governor knows that; and yet, as you remember, I said earlier in the year that we expected the large accounts  those in excess of $10 million of TIV, total insured value  would have to go up more later in the spring after the legislature was in session. That did not occur, and so I believe that were sort of in a holding pattern right now with Citizens relative to the large accounts. I do believe that the fiscally prudent thing to do would be to continue to raise rates and make Citizens move back towards the market of last resort. Thats what I think would make sense. I also believe that there are people in the legislature that feel that way. I dont know if that can occur. Our governor in the State of Florida, interestingly enough, as you know, spent $75 million of his own money in his election process and was elected, and unfortunately right now hes doing some very difficult things, and so his approval rating is very low. I dont know if hes going to want to take that fight on next year, but everybody that I know in the legislature that Ive talked to about it knows and thinks that it makes sense and that there should be continued reviewing and revising of those rates.  Long story short  I do believe that ultimately they will lift, but I dont know if they will lift as quickly as they ought to, which is really about 10% a year, number one.
Rob Bobman  Capital Returns: Will anything give cause to pull policies out Citizens into the private companies other than rate?
Powell Brown: Yeah, well heres basically the deal. You have two or three scenarios, and it leads to your second question on the E&S carriers. Lets just use southeast Florida, and when I say southeast Florida, Im thinking Dade, Broward and Palm Beach County  Boca Raton, kind of, and West Palm Beach south. And so historically down there, Citizens has been a big writer of significant properties, as you know, and so now the E&S market is kind of bumping right up close to Citizens and the terms and conditions might be different, i.e. the deductible on the E&S carrier might be higher, but they might be able to get the rate at or slightly lower. And so there are customers now who are basically making decisions  do I want to be with the market of last resort at the state insurance company, or do I want to be with an E&S carrier?  I think that the E&S market, which has as you know historically been very opportunistic, theyre going to see, as I alluded a little bit earlier, rate increases on their cat treaties of somewhere between 5 and 12%, barring those that really got hit hard. Then the question is, you have all this surplus out there in the industry, and who wants to be aggressive and opportunistic  thats the E&S term  to write some of that business? And I believe thats the market that continues to evolve and change based on when losses occur, and they do it more quickly than the standard market. And so I think that rates will not go up as much as others believe in the E&S market in 12, barring a big storm. If we had another big storm, or had a big storm that had significant coastal damage, whether it be in Texas or Florida or elsewhere, I think that would impact it. But it doesnt seem like were going to have one of those  knock on wood  this year, and if thats the case, I still think there will be single digit rate pressure on E&S markets next year; but nothing, I think, to the extent that some people first anticipated.
Rob Bobman  Capital Returns: Those E&SIm sorry, just a little bit of a follow-on because I was asking the E&S question separate and apart from the first. In the rest of the country, do your E&S comments parrot what youre talking about in Florida, or is there anything you want to add?
Powell Brown: Yeah, I would add this  casualty continues to be very, very competitive, and I think that will continue. Professional liability is competitive, but many would say it seems like theyre down on the bottom and maybe the rates have to go up. I dont think I believe that yet until we see it, and it might but it might be a period of time off. The property market is kind of an interesting dynamic, and as you know, there are three types of accounts typically over a period of time. You have those accounts that are always in the excess and surplus lines market, you have those accounts that are always in the standard market, and you have those accounts that typically they tilt towards the E&S market but they actually, in this type of market, start to move to the standard markets. And so when you have losses, whether they be tornadoes or hurricanes or other wind prone events, some of those accounts start to come back into the E&S market. And I believe were seeing some of that around the country in areas not cat prone driven. And so I think the E&S market continues to do well. If you go back in history, and I might be slightly off on this, but youll get my gist  in 1980, I believe that the E&S market in the United States made up roughly 2% of total written premium. Today, I believe the number in the United States of E&S premiums is somewhere between 9 and 11%, and going up. And so I might be slightly off on the percentages, but the point is the E&S market has continued to grow as a percentage of total overall premium, and I think it will continue to do so because they are able to be not subject to rate and form constrictions, or restrictions. And so theyll customize products and, in their terminology, be entrepreneurial to address some of those needs wherever in the country, whether it be in a cat prone area or otherwise.
Rob Bobman  Capital Returns: Thanks, Powell.
Powell Brown: Yes.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Brown and Mr. Walker, Id like to turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Yeah, thank you, Alan. I really appreciate it, everybody. I did want to make on clarification  I made a comment earlier that we had done in 18 consecutive years increasing our dividend. Its actually 17. I forgot, one. Two  Id like to thank everybody for the questions and we look forward to talking to everybody next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made. As a result, a number of factors including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
Powell Brown: Thank you, [Laura]. Good morning, everyone. We're calling in this morning from the Advocator Group in the Boston area and I'd like to thank [Mike Crow] and his team for doing a great job. We're going to have a board meeting here the next two days and are really excited about it. Markets in certain areas and certain lines of coverage are seeking rate increases. Most markets are not willing to lose a renewal. New business pricing continues to be aggressive. There is a pricing gap that continues between new and renewal pricing. We're pleased to announce that we've completed $47 million of annualized revenue year-to-date and now I'd like to turn it over to Cory for our financial report.
Cory Walker: Thanks, Powell. Our net income for the second quarter of 2011 of $37 million was down 10.2% from last year's second quarter net income of $41.2 million. Our earnings per share for the second quarter of 2011 of $0.26 is $0.03 lower than the $0.29 in the second quarter of 2010. The difference in the quarterly earnings per share results can be summarized in three areas: one, the change in the estimated acquisition earn out payable, which accounted for nearly $0.01 of that difference; reduced profit sharing contingency income, which accounted for about 1.8 cents; and then, thirdly, reduced other income, which accounted for 0.8 cents, which in aggregate, all of that is almost $0.04. From a revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 2% or $4.9 million to $246 million from the $241.1 million we earned last year's second quarter. Included in our press release is our table that summarizes the total growth rate and the internal growth rates from our core commission and fees, which, of course, excludes profit sharing contingent commissions and revenues from books of businesses or other operations that were sold. In the second quarter of 2011, we received only $2.3 million of profit sharing contingencies. That's $4.2 million less than the $6.4 million that we received last year in the second quarter. The decrease is primarily due to the fact that last year we earned $3 million in profit sharing contingencies from one of our worker's compensation carriers that wanted to reduce their exposures and, therefore, we were asked to move the business and thus we did not receive any profit sharing contingency from that carrier in 2011. Additionally, in the second quarter of 2010, we received $750,000 of profit sharing contingent commissions from the FIU program, which was not received this year. At the end of the first quarter of this year, we had estimated that we might receive between $3 million and $4 million in the second quarter. It turned out that the $1 million difference relates primarily to our wholesale brokerage division that now looks like it might come in the third quarter instead. So, therefore, we now are estimating that we may receive an additional $6 million to $7 million in the third quarter and then for the fourth quarter whatever we receive from FIU is what we'll get, which, if there is no hurricanes -- I mean, if there is a hurricane that hits Florida in 2011, that number will be zero. But if we're fortunate enough not to have any hurricanes, we could possibly receive as much as $1 million in the fourth quarter on contingencies. Now, if you look at the internal growth schedule, we did have a negative internal growth rate of negative 4.8%. If you exclude the negative impact this quarter of Proctor Financial, which we discussed in our first quarter conference call, our negative internal growth rate was negative 4%. Our total core commissions and fees for the quarter increased 4.3% or $10.1 million of total new commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $21.3 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $11.3 million less commissions and fee revenues on the same-store sales basis and, hence, the 4.8% negative internal growth rate. As the internal growth rate schedule indicates, the vast majority of the negative growth relates to our National Retail division and our Proctor Financial operation. Powell will discuss each of these divisions in a minute. Moving on to our other income, other income -- our investment income was just up slightly over the second quarter 2010. However, our other income was $1.8 million less than last year's second quarter and that was primarily due to the fact that last year we recognized a gain that resulted from a lawsuit that we won against former producers for violating their employment agreements. Looking at our pre-tax profit margin for the second quarter of 2011, it was 24.9% and that's compared to our -- to the 2010 second quarter profit margin of 27.9%. That's a three percentage point decline. If you exclude the impact of the changes in the acquisition earn out liability, which was $2.1 million, the reduction in the other income, which was $1.8 million, and the net reduction in the profit sharing contingent income of $4.2 million, the 2011 second quarter pre-tax margin was only 40 basis points lower than the comparable 2010 quarter and that difference is more than accounted for by some delayed revenues from Proctor Financial, which Powell will talk about a little bit later. In fact, the operating profit margins in most of our divisions showed an improvement when you exclude the Proctor numbers. Employee benefits and compensation as a percentage of total revenues for the second quarter of 2011 was 51%. For the second quarter of 2010, employee compensation and benefits as a percentage of total revenue was 49.8%. However, when you exclude the $4.2 million of additional profit sharing contingencies in 2010 and the $1.8 million additional other income the employee compensation and benefits in the second quarter of last year would have only been 51.1%, which is only 10 basis points different than the current quarter. The total dollar increase on a net basis in employee compensation and benefits was approximately $4.5 million between the two quarters. However, $7.3 million of this net total was attributable to just the stand alone new acquisition since last year. Therefore, excluding the impact of the stand alone acquisitions, we actually had $2.8 million in less compensation and benefits on a kind of semi same-store sales basis and that is primarily related to reductions in salaries and bonuses. Our non-cash stock base compensation cost was $2.7 million in the second quarter of 2011, which is consistent with our previous guidance on the increased cost which includes our new stock incentive plan that was implemented in the first quarter of 2011. In the current quarter, other operating expenses increased as a percentage of total revenues by 40 basis points to 14.2% of total revenues. The total dollar increase in other operating expenses was $1.4 million. However, $2.6 million of this aggregate total was attributable to just the new stand alone acquisitions since last year. Therefore, on a comparable, again, semi same-store sales basis, those offices had an aggregate reduction in other operating expenses of approximately $1.2 million. These decreases were broad based, small reductions in many expense line items, such as occupancy cost, supplies and telephone cost. Amortization and depreciation expense increased in aggregate over the 2010 second quarter as a result of our acquisitions this year. Interest expense is consistent with the expected quarterly expense of approximately $3.6 million. Our change in estimated acquisitions earn out payables was a debit of $1.6 million this quarter versus a credit of $533,000 in the second quarter of 2010, thus it has a net delta loss difference between the two quarters of $2.1 million, which is almost $0.01. The debit that occurred in 2011 quarter occurred as a result of several acquisitions performing better than what we originally predicted at the date of each of the respective acquisitions. Our effective tax rate for 2011 is currently expected to run approximately 39.7% range, which is just slightly higher than last year's effective tax rate. So with that quarterly overview, I'll turn it back to Powell.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cory. Florida retail was down on, one versus two, five last year. Property rates are down 5% to up 10%. Liability rates are flat to down 5%. Exposure units are generally flat to down slightly. Auto rates and work comp exposures are flattish. The most competitive pricing areas in Florida are from Jacksonville out into the Panhandle to Panama City or Pensacola. There are certain national markets that are willing to use their property capacity and they are very active in new business being written in Florida and there are certain regional markets that are also very, very active in new business. Florida retail, as a group, had a net decline of $451,000 for the quarter. However, last year in the second quarter, there was a $518,000 accounting adjustment to reduce our SAB 101 reserve for future policy cancellations. That did not have a corresponding adjustment in the second quarter this year, so thus when you aggregate all the individual offices, some were up and some were down, but the aggregate, there was a net positive growth of $67,000. National Retail, negative 8.1% versus negative 3.3%. In the southeast, excluding Florida, property rates are down 5% to up 5%. GL rates are typically flat to down 5%. Auto rates are flat. Work comp rates are flat to down 10% and exposure units typically are flat to up slightly on certain accounts. The marketplace, markets are looking for rate on renewals and a few of those carriers are willing to walk away if they cannot get a flat renewal. Most markets continue to be aggressive on new business and regional carriers are the most competitive. In the northeast, property, GL and auto rates are flat. We're seeing downward pressure on auto rates in North Jersey a bit. Work comp rates are flat to up 5% and basically exposure units in the northeast are flat to down slightly, construction flat to possibly up slightly in areas but the markets are saying they need slight increases. We're seeing low-single digit increases stick on some accounts. But, once again, no market wants to lose a renewal. In the Midwest, property rates are flat to up slightly and GL rates are flat to down slightly. Auto rates are flat. Work comp rates are up several percent and exposure units are typically flattish. In the construction area, GL rates are flat to down 10% and we have -- we're seeing bigger -- the payrolls bigger on contractors or some of ours down substantially in the Midwest. In Texas, coastal property rates via [ENS] markets are up 5% to 15%, yet certain standard markets want rate increases and others are gutting the pricing. Smaller standard market property is basically flat. GL rates are down 5% to 10%. Work comp rates are down 10% and certain national carriers are tightening up on their work comp position in Texas while the former state fund remains very competitive. That said, there were a handful of offices that experienced a unique set of circumstances that contributed to the vast majority of the downdraft in Q2 and I'd like to elaborate on several of those for your benefit. One office saw a former owner a number of years retired come back into the business and take several accounts. The result was a reduction of over $1 million of revenue and there's current litigation ongoing in this matter. Another office that writes employee benefits in a particular state for school boards has seen a dramatic impact on their business, down approximately $1 million plus due to: one, the reduction in teachers and, two, increased competition in their state employee benefits plan. Another office had a large life case last year in Q2 without a corresponding case this year. One office that focuses on large contractors in the Midwest renewed all of their accounts but due to the dramatic shrinkage in exposure units in their accounts, their revenues were down substantially for the quarter. Finally, there was the timing of $700,000 of revenue that came into Q1 last year that was received in Q1 this year, so we didn't have a corresponding revenue stream in Q2 this year. Couple these offices I just described with a higher-than-normal loss of business for a handful of other offices and you get our National Retail results. The remaining offices not discussed in National Retail performed well with a slight decrease in revenues overall. In Western Retail, we are down 3.7% versus down 3% last year. Property rates are flat to down 10%. GL rates are flat to down 5%. Auto rates are flat. Work comp rates are down 5% to up 5% except on accounts with bad loss ratios and we'll talk about those in a moment. Exposure units are generally flat. Some may be down slightly. On a market standpoint, we're seeing carriers on accounts under $50,000 in premium trying to get rate and some of it is sticking. Larger accounts are still very competitive. Anything over $100,000 in premium attracts a lot of attention. Back to work comp, it's all about underwriting now. We're seeing more declines on new business submissions due to bad loss ratios than before. If the account has a debit mod, we are going to say you're going to have to start paying more. Credits are going away from the carriers. If you have a credit mod there's still favorable terms that can be achieved, ie flat or down is still available. The major comp players in California are starting to get rate, ie some tightening, and the state fund we're seeing on loss challenged accounts. In the employee benefits arena, small group under 50 lives we're seeing rates up 5% to 15% and large group over 50 lives we're seeing up 5% to 10%. Certain carriers are breaking out compensation on larger groups, as we've previously discussed. Some are asking us to get our clients to sign disclosure statements. Like I said, we talked about that last quarter. In the wholesale division, we're up 1% versus up 1% last quarter. The brokerage property, [CAT] property is up 5% to 15% and RMS11 continues to impact the marketplace, specifically in Houston but in other areas as well. General liability rates are leveling off a bit. Exposures are typically flat to up slightly. Professional liability rates, EEPLI and D&O rates are down 5% to 7%. Typically small and middle market revenues on accounts are up slightly. We're starting to see some increase in claims due to wage and hour losses. We're seeing lots of technology and medical company startups. On our E&O business, we're seeing revenues down slightly on renewal accounts and anything in the financial institution area, rates are up. From a binding authority standpoint, property rates are flat to down slightly. London, interestingly enough, is trying to increase rates but unsuccessfully up 5% to 15%. That's the desired rate increase. Yet the domestic markets are still flattish, as I said earlier, on rates. However, RMS11 is still creating challenges for binding markets. Some of those markets are saying, "Just wait until we get this figured out." Thus, it's a somewhat fluid state changing daily or weekly. GL rates are flat to down slightly. Construction GL is flat to down 5% to 10%. Professional liability is generally flat. Exposures are flat to down 5%. In the programs arena, professional programs down five, four versus three, one. Dental rates are flat to down slightly. Lawyers are down 5% to 10% and rate, depending on the type and number of attorneys, CalSurance continues to see rate pressure on the book with exposures down 5% to 10%. Special programs were down 12% versus down 3.1%. Proctor is seeing rates are down. So in Q1, we estimated that Proctor's revenues would be down $500,000 in revenue in Q2 and down $2.8 million in Q3. Their revenues were actually down $2.4 million in Q2 due to a timing issue and we believe them to be down approximately $1 million to $1.5 million in Q3. But we still think they're going to meet or exceed original budget of $37 million in core revenue for the year. FIU rates were flattish. Ex-wind business continues to be priced very competitively and the state has not yet addressed the A rates on properties over $10 million in TIV. We talked a little bit about citizens in the past. We thought those were going to be addressed after the session, which that has not been addressed. Finally, one of our other special programs, [Acumen RE] had a $700,000 revenue move from Q2 of this year into Q3. So it's -- and it's just a timing issue. From a services standpoint, we were down 80 basis points versus down 30 basis points in Q1. From an acquisition standpoint, we are very pleased. We've closed $47 million year-to-date in annualized revenues, as I said earlier. In the second quarter, we closed $26.5 million in six transactions. Acquisition opportunities continue to be good. We're very pleased with our activity. As we have discussed in the past, organizations sell on their own timeframe but we continue to look for good firms that fit culturally with Brown & Brown. In conclusion, our results in Q2 were unusual primarily due to the reduction in other income and over $4 million less in profit sharing contingencies. However, we're pleased with the improvement in Florida Retail and continued positive internal growth in wholesale. As Cory pointed out, we have three items that impacted our quarterly earnings $0.04 over the compared period last year for the second quarter. Carrier results in Q1 continued to deteriorate on a combined basis from [101.1] to [103.3] and, interestingly, premium to surplus fell from 0.77 to 0.75 March of '10 to March of '11. This is a new record level based on quarterly data back to 1986. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to you, [Laura], to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Keith Walsh - Citi.
Keith Walsh: Can you talk a little bit about excluding Proctor within your book? When I think about the market now it seems prices are still soft but maybe decelerating, the decline is decelerating. Exposures seem to be a little better. So is there something going on with new business or retention, if you could just talk to that a little bit?
Powell Brown: Yes, now, I tried to -- we tried to give you a little color around in the National Retail scenario. You're correct in saying relative to several offices in our business right now we're seeing rates, depending on where you are around the country, rate pressure upward. Some areas of the country, as I said, appear in the Northeast. We're seeing it stick a little bit more. I'm talking excluding coast property, number one. We continue to see rates move around because nobody wants to lose a renewal. I alluded to in the Southeast outside of Atlanta and some of those areas that the carriers are willing to walk away on business if it goes below a flat renewal. We continue to write a lot of new business and in most of our offices we do not see a change in historical retention ratios. However, as I alluded to in one example in National Retail where we write a lot of business with large contractors, that office was dramatically impacted downward. They renewed all their business but the exposure units were down substantially. So it's very difficult to make a broad statement, Keith. But to try to make that, no, we continue to write a lot of new business and our historical retention ratios in most offices are the same.
Keith Walsh: Then just another on revenue, it seemed the trend heading before this quarter you had four consecutive quarters of just improving organic. I think the consensus out there was probably you guys were going to be flat to up the second half of the year and then this quarter throws a monkey wrench into that. It seems like -- I know you did a nice job explaining some of the things but is that now off the table for the second half of the year? Is this a new trend we're looking at or should we just go back to what we had been seeing previously?
Powell Brown: Well, let's go back to what we talked about in Q1. What we said was that obviously we were pleased with the incremental improvement in our internal growth rate, yet -- and I don't remember my exact terms -- we thought we would probably see more of historical performance between now and the end of the year. That was not broadly defined but knowing that there were some people on this call that thought because we were negative 1/1 that we were going to go positive in Q2. Cory and I, I thought, tried to articulate that we didn't think that because we haven't seen improvement in middle market as much as some people may have thought. I don't know if those people are on the phone or if somebody thought that on the call today. But thats what my recollection was, Keith, relative to that.
Keith Walsh: So for the second half of the year we're still looking at probably a negative scenario.
Powell Brown: When we said in the first quarter that we thought we would be operating between now and the end of the year -- that was 90 days ago -- in a similar operating environment. We're sticking by that. So from a historical performance scenario -- Cory, do you want to allude -- ?
Cory Walker: Yes, Keith, I do think that the second half of the year will reflect something closer to what we saw in the first quarter as opposed to a slight aberration with a handful of our offices this quarter. Does that answer it?
Keith Walsh: It does. Then the last question just on contingents; if you could just remind us, what percent of your contingents are driven by profitability of [P&C] companies? It just seems like the outlook for 2012 has got to be reduced on the contingents at this point, if you could talk to that.
Powell Brown: Yes, well, I would say generally off the top of my head all of our profit sharing is based on profitability. That is always a function of it, Keith. There might be other criteria like persistency or new business or something like that. But the core foundation of profit sharing commissions really is profit sharing. So the fact that the loss ratios are going up, I think your assessment is correct that profit sharing in 2012 should be lower because the loss ratios are going up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes - SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: The pricing gap between the new and renewal business -- you described that there still is a gap there -- how does that compare to say Q1 or Q4? Then through the last cycle, how does that normally trend when the markets start to firm up? Does that -- do those close entirely or what would you expect going forward?
Powell Brown: Well, I would say that it's similar to Q1 and probably similar to Q4. I think I said the last time on the call if you take in account that you get a renewal account and the account is -- the market is looking for a 4% rate increase and you negotiate it down to a 1% to 2% rate increase, if you took the same account, which you wouldn't, but if you took the same account and it was a different operation, meaning all the same exposure units, and you submitted it to the exact same carrier, I've said before that that could be priced 10% to 15% less than expiring. So, Mark, to your comment, depending on when a market changes, I normally think of property sort of leading the way. Can there still be a change in the new and renewal business pricing in a firming market? The answer is yes but the gap closes. In a perfect world, static state, you would think that would be the same. But the answer is the market is inefficient and that inefficiency is not bad but that inefficiency creates the opportunity for us to write a lot of new business and do good things for our existing customers. So have we seen that gap close? No, not yet.
Mark Hughes: Then, Cory, the expectation for the change in the earn out liability, should we normally assume that's going to be flat? Is there something about the trend in these recent acquisitions that would make us think that would be a positive number similar to this quarter?
Cory Walker: No, I mean, our goal is when we make the acquisition we have to predict what that earn out will be three years from the date of the original acquisition. So you've heard my diatribes before about how much noise this 141R creates. The fact of the matter, the only thing it really does matter is how good of a predictor we are of a date of acquisition. So in this case, our objective is always to be 100% accurate but you'll never be 100% accurate. But we always would hope that some -- half would be up and half would be down and net zero. In this particular quarter, there were situations where we had acquisitions that did perform better than we anticipated and there were an acquisition where it was an early termination because we wanted to combine the offices that move their earn out closer to their maximum. That's what created it. So in the future I would hope it would be lower but I tell you it is such that it's a very unpredictable number and it doesn't mean anything other than create noise. So all we do is highlight it for you and that's why we have it as a special line item. But the positive is that when it is a debit it does mean that the earn outs are doing better than what was originally predicted. But that's just a point estimate three years before it actually happens. So I would hope in the future it would be less but I can't assure that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher: Just wanted to follow up on the exposures issue and just -- I know you've mentioned the large contractor account where they renewed everything but the exposure units fell. Is there any area or any line of business, I guess, where you were actually seeing exposure units accelerating across the board? Maybe accelerating is too strong but up modestly.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that I wouldnt use the term accelerating. Are there areas of the country and classes of business -- and I think it's real specific to the office and what they are soliciting. So for example, if you went to our Atlanta office and you asked them about the contractors that they've worked on recently and/or their existing business, the contracting business has been down so low there that they're seeing slight increases on their accounts. Does that mean that their back close to where they were? Not even close. So there are stories, Mike, like that across the country but there's no -- when we go into offices I ask the entire team, all of our teammates in the office how many accounts to you see that have 25% exposure increases and very few hands will ever go up. When they do, they're unusual type of accounts. So I'll give you an example. I was in an office recently where one was a manufacturer of a medical product, an evasive medical product. That was the scenario. Their exposure units were up 25%. The next one was a technology company and then you start asking does anybody have 15% or 10% or 5% and most of the accounts are flattish. That's a very broad statement. So that's how we go into it on our renewal books and we talk to people in our offices about it but we're not seeing anybody expanding dramatically in terms of their exposure units.
Mike Grasher: Those are just on the renewal accounts you're speaking to there. How about just new business where they're establishing new accounts?
Powell Brown: Yes, in the new business you like to think that you may know a historical perspective on their exposure units and we may not know all of that up front. We get that in the process and, if we get it, for the underwriter up front. Some are growing and some aren't growing. But as a general rule I would say more are flat to potentially up or down slightly.
Mike Grasher: Then a second question would be around worker's comp reform. There's been numerous states that have enacted some sort of reform, be it positive or negative, for underwriters. But how does that impact your business and your approach to the market?
Powell Brown: Well, work comp reforms creates an opportunity for us. So you've heard us talk about in the past that in Florida -- we'll just use that as an example. In Florida there was meaningful tort reform in 2003 for worker's compensation. As a result, rates went down an average, compounded average of 60% plus since 2003. On January 1 of this year, Mike, as we've talked about before, rates went up I think an average of 7.8%. So that is an opportunity for us not only to do a good job for our existing clients but to work on new business and bring those solutions to our prospects. Couple that -- go to the other end of the United State, go to Washington State. Washington State is one of four monopolistic states left. In the state of Washington we talk about there was the possibility of meaningful reform and opening it up to the private market this year. That was defeated. It surprised us and it surprised a lot of other people. It was defeated by an effort led by several interest groups in the state of Washington. I just heard yesterday that the rates in Washington, I believe, are going up across the board 30% plus this year. Now, would that have happened in a private market? I tend to doubt it. So if, in fact, that market becomes privatized, then that, in turn, creates a great opportunity for us because we will go to our existing clients and new prospects and offer work comp solutions. So then you look at some place like California, which is always sort of the forefront of most of your [minds] relative to comp issues. What we're basically saying is -- I would say it carefully but I would say that there are markets that are getting religion and they are saying if you have bad loss experience you are going to not get the credits that you once got. If you have good loss experience you can still get flat to slightly down renewals. So that's a long-winded answer of saying, Mike, that we think that reform generally is an opportunity for us for our existing clients and new business.
Mike Grasher: Then I guess the final question I had just if you can give an update to the degree you will around the litigation with your former employees. Is that having any impact at all in the Florida business or with the [inaudible] impairment?
Powell Brown: No, no and no. But as you know, we don't typically talk about ongoing litigation. However, we currently have an agreement in principle with the individuals that you have discussed. But several of the substantive terms have not been performed, thus, we're not at liberty to discuss at this time in detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann: A couple of questions; first, just with respect to -- I know growth has been on the top of the mind for everybody, I guess, as we've gone through the Q&A roll today -- but I think originally you discussed 2011 being a transition year for growth. Certainly, the headwinds that you started the year with haven't really eased all that much. I guess if we were looking to 2012, what factors need to change to actually get you into the positive growth column? Is it a function of rates changing, just having a little bit more positive economic growth behind us? Just as you survey the landscape, what factors do you feel are most important to getting there?
Powell Brown: Yes, the most important factors by far, Matt, are exposure units. We have said before that the current rate environment, particularly in areas where you still hear us saying there are rate decreases or flattening, that's not -- we don't need the market to firm up and rates to grow organically. We just need to have a little bit better economic operating environment for the middle market customers across the country. So remember, we are a middle market agency broker firm that basically is paid by commissions. So we are still not seeing economic expansion in the middle market. That's the biggest single thing that impacts our business.
Matthew Heimermann: Just with respect to that, I mean, from the psyche of your clients right now, has that just come back to uncertainty with some of the issues we've talked about in the past in terms of healthcare legislation and what the actual implementation looks like. Is that just a function of maybe payroll or employee counts not coming back in the middle market maybe as significantly, not that they're significant anywhere, but not getting maybe the relief you might be getting at the large end of the market? Are those the factors that still we should think about in terms of maybe trying to gauge where we are on that front?
Powell Brown: Yes, I think that, number one, in the middle market clients of ours, there was not a dramatic shift optimism. There continues to be what I call a cautious view moving forward and you've heard us talk about the bunker mentality. I don't think that owner of a business has come out of the bunk yet. So that said, you will hear in our offices if you were to ask individual offices that you're seeing on some accounts expansion of business without adding new individuals or employees. So we have thought all along what we've read in national papers and here on the news up until about eight weeks ago -- maybe it was 10 weeks ago -- that the economy was doing better and everybody was feeling good and all that other stuff. The answer is we were scratching our heads saying we're not seeing that with our middle market customers and our new business prospects. So I think that it's not as though they went from bunker mentality to joy and optimism to back to the bunker. It was more they've been in a bunker the entire time, although it was just not as difficult but it's still a difficult operating environment but getting better. That's how I think that they view it.
Matthew Heimermann: Then just one of the things I struggle with just looking at the brokers visa vie some of the insurance underwriters is that for the last several quarters a number of the insurance underwriters have talked about premium [audit the] adjustments upward quite significantly in the work comp area and that doesn't seem to be a trend that you all have confirmed in your own commentary. So is there any color you could just add there because I guess I'm curious if work -- the reason Im asking is just why the difference but also if work comp rates start to go up a little bit how material -- I guess I'm trying to gauge how material that is relative to payroll still not looking like they've expanded either?
Powell Brown: Right, first off, I'd say I think you're focused on the right thing, which is payroll as opposed to rate in the carriers and/or the broker segment, number one. Number two, I only worked three years as an insurance carrier in the beginning of my carrier, so my comments might be slightly off but my suggestion or commentary would be the following. If you ask in a normal year an insurance carrier what percent of additional premiums or what impact of additional premiums on worker's compensation what that impact has been to their total premium writings in the quarter, I would believe the answer will be somewhere between 2% to 4% positive. So 2% to 4% of the total premium written would be as a result of payroll audits. In this economic environment, my understanding in talking with people that we know at these firms is it's been the reverse. The reverse is basically down 2% to 4%. So what they may be saying -- and I don't know and you might inquire about those carriers in question -- is they may be saying that it's getting closer to flat or very slightly up. I don't know that and, see, it's funny because when you hear carriers say that they're getting rate on their commercial book of, let's just say, 2%, that's on their renewal book. But if they tell you what their new business pricing is, their new business pricing is still down substantially in terms of if you -- if they know the comparative on expiring, which most of the times they don't talk about that; some do but not all of them. So I think there's a 2% to 4% swing positive or negative as a result of premium audits and worker's compensation and I think -- my impression is that it's going back more towards flat as opposed to positive than it has been in the past.
Matthew Heimermann: Is it fair to say that in a normal -- when we've been in normal years in the past, when carriers have seen those audit premium adjustments, those aren't things that necessarily you would have seen -- are those things that would have -- I guess I'd be curious from a commissions standpoint, from your standpoint, is that stuff that you just capture up front and it doesn't really flow through to you? I'm just trying to understand.
Powell Brown: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We capture it and it flows through to us. What I would tell you is you get the good with the good and you get the bad with the bad. So what I mean by that is in an expanding economy you get clients growing and then typically they are going to have net more premium audit positives, those would be called additional premiums, versus return premiums. That is actually put into our numbers and the growth of our business. On the flip side, when you have a shrinking economy, as we've been going through for the last several years, you get not only the down draft on your renewals of accounts but you get return premiums on top -- I call that the double whammy -- which is baked into the negative down draft. So we've said before that remember a lag on a work comp policy positively or negatively could be up to 14 months. You say, well, why? Well, if we renew your business, Matthew Heimermann, Inc, you're a manufacturer, today and you've renewed it and you have $10 million of sales and so we go 12 months down the road and actually you knew that you actually had another contract in the pipeline which was going to get you to $14 million but you just have had this bunker mentality. You've been very cautious about updating your payroll or your sales figures with us. So basically at the end of the exposure period or the policy period next year, the carrier will have 60 days to come in and do a premium audit. In doing a premium audit they will determine that Matther Heimermann, Inc, did $14 million in sales and they will send an additional premium. So you would pay the additional premium to us. We would get our commission. They'll get their premium. Conversely, in a shrinking environment, if you had said your sales were $20 million and when in actuality the market was going on your manufacturer product and now it's $14 million, they're going to have a return premium of that $6 million and we've got to give that commission back to the carrier on that.
Matthew Heimermann: I guess then the takeaway is that some of the comments we're hearing on positive adjustments of 2% to 4% just aren't representative of what you're seeing in the business overall. That's probably the takeaway.
Powell Brown: I think that's fair. I don't know how those statements were made but I find it unusual to say broadly speaking that somebody's comp book -- which, by the way, comp books in average have been -- they're heating up on the temperature; I call it running a slight temperature at about 114% combined ratio and expected to go towards 120% year end based on everything we can gather. So if the book is growing, even if it's growing and the temperature is going up, profitability may be in question.
Matthew Heimermann: Yes, and then -- sorry to take so long -- this one question for Cory is just -- and I've asked this one in the past, so I just wanted to know any updated thinking with respect to some of the maturities, the maturity this year and then just the capital structure in total from a maturity standpoint given that it still seems to be a relatively favorable environment to be an issuer.
Cory Walker: Matt, are you talking about our debt?
Matthew Heimermann: On the debt side, yes.
Cory Walker: Well, we've already got -- we had $100 million that's coming due in September and that's already been replaced with another debt from our provincial partners and the rates are going to go from 5.3% on the $100 million that's retiring down to 4.5%. So there is no other really change in our capital structure. We've got a lot of cash, so don't really foresee any significant change right now; looking just to make acquisitions.
Matthew Heimermann: Yes, no, I guess I was thinking more in the standpoint that I think your other maturity is 2016 and whether it made sense to -- even though you may not necessarily have a need burning a hole in your pocket whether or not just with the environment or whether it makes sense because you certainly have the capacity I think from a financial leverage perspective to maybe put another maturity out there.
Cory Walker: At this time, we're not talking about it just because we've got so much of ready cash and are not considering that until a bigger deal comes along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff - Stephens Incorporated.
Brett Huff: A question -- and I want to make sure that Im hearing you right -- it sounds like rates, there's some room for hope on rates, which seems a little bit different than the past couple of quarters. If that's the case, even if it's small, and given that exposure units haven't changed much in the last couple of quarters, and it sounds like they won't in the next couple of quarters, why would the second half organic growth still look like the first quarter if rates are getting a little bit better? Or is that a wrong interpretation?
Powell Brown: I don't know if I think that's a wrong interpretation. I think that basically that as we've said if you consolidate my comments on the market you have a lot flack and down slightly I think in exposure units. There are some that are up slightly but we would say that I think that the expectation for our internal growth going forward is, as I said earlier, more similar to the historical range. As Cory alluded to earlier, we'd like to think that it would be closer to what you might have seen earlier in the year than what you've seen this quarter but that's our best estimate right now.
Brett Huff: Then as you guys looked at Proctor in '12, it sounds like you've been -- even though there's some shifting between quarters it sounds like your estimates -- you're still feeling pretty good about the $37 million or so in contribution there. Have you -- is there anything that's happening in Proctor that should change -- should cause the meaningful fluctuation as we go into '12 or are the rocky seas with Proctor behind us once we get done with this year?
Powell Brown: Don't think so, Brett. But that's an interesting space that -- and we like that business but there is a couple 800 pound gorillas that operate in that space that you always got to contend with from a competitive standpoint but we're not aware of anything right now that we would need to give additional color on.
Brett Huff: The last question on comp, the comp number I thought was -- it came in better than we expected. I'm sure part of it was because the revenue was lighter than we thought. But any thoughts there on containing cost as -- are we seeing more competition for talent? Has anything changed meaningfully there that we should think about in terms of escalating cost going forward?
Powell Brown: No, I dont think so. I mean, remember, we want to get the best people on the team and we're looking to add teammates in terms of revenue producing teammates through both M&A transactions and hiring them from other industries and teaching them the insurance business. So, no, but we're very focused on high-quality people on a team, getting them, keeping them, retaining them, training them.
Brett Huff: Then last question, it seems like you guys are - I feel very strongly that you guys are running leaner than you have maybe ever in the past. When rate and/or exposure units goes up, how should we think about your margin versus historical margins?
Powell Brown: We believe that we can go and approach back our historical operating results and may be able to exceed those. But, once again, what we're trying to do is grow our business and obviously we did not grow our business internally this quarter and so it's something that we're focused on and we think that we have the discipline to drive the results in a normal operating environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields: Powell, can you talk to us a little bit about what's actually driving the relative outperformance in wholesale because I hadn't heard a lot of the quasi specialty business moving back to the [ES] markets and Im wondering what's actually [inaudible].
Powell Brown: Yes, I think there's two things. One, as you know, coastal property rates are up as I said 5% to 15%, so that helps. Two, depending on the market, be it brokerage or binding, the uncertainty/confusion that is surrounding RMF11 is creating some opportunities for us. What I mean by that is there may be scenarios where in an open market, if you want to call it that, and binding authority, there will be lots of binding authority markets that will be quoting our renewals. Whereas, if RMF11, if the company is saying just wait until we figure it out, they may not -- the competition may not be able to quote a renewal on it, number one. Conversely, if we have a market that's open, is not confused and we are writing more potentially new business or taking it from a market that is sort of in a state that is trying to figure it out, there's still just a lot of competitive forces at play, which we think are very positive for us and are really pleased with all the teammates and the wholesale division, everything they're doing. But it's a combination of rate pressure on the brokerage property, RMF11 in a very broadly defined term and I know you don't want to hear that and we don't either but it is amazing how one -- I'm going to call it one Monte Carlo simulation model can drive so much confusion or create so much opportunity.
Meyer Shields: [Inaudible].
Powell Brown: Right, but like I say, if a rating agency places a lot of value in the model, then somebody's forced into using it.
Meyer Shields: No, that's absolutely true. Cory, is there any rule of thumb connecting the outperformance of newly acquired agents in a quarter and the adjustment to the earn out?
Cory Walker: It's not a quarter-by-quarter phenomena. It's over the whole period of time. So, I mean, we've not made any specific tie-ins because out of all the acquisitions we do, some are doing better than our original projections and some are doing a little bit worse. They generally, we hope, average out. This particular quarter it just went the other way. They did better but I don't think it's necessarily something that's as predictable. We try to make it as good a faith effort as possible to try to predict a point in time three years down the road on the earn out and just naturally it's going to change. So generally we feel like we get the best acquisitions because we focus on the people. So generally they do pretty well. But I'm not sure exactly how to answer your question.
Meyer Shields: I think you are. There's not enough relationship on an individual quarterly basis.
Cory Walker: Yes, I mean, the unfortunate thing is that that particular line item is nothing but noise because the only thing it's measuring is how good a predictor we are at the time we make the acquisition and so you know my feelings on that one.
Meyer Shields: [Inaudible] if I can, when we look at other income, for the first three quarters of 2010 it was above $1 million and it's come down. I understand that that's related to let's say litigation in many cases. Should we expect the first and second quarters to be a good run rate for the next Q?
Powell Brown: Well, not necessarily. I think it will probably be slightly up in the second half. As a general rule, you can look at between $400,000 to $600,000 as the normal baseline, which is additional rent, income that we might have and other operating income that is normal. Anything outside that $400,000 to $600,000 range is something that is a one-time occurrence, either a gain or loss on a sale of fixed assets or a book of business or a litigation settlement. But as a general rule I think you'll see that number be higher in the second half than it is right now for just this year. But, again, it's not quite susceptible to accurate prediction as our normal operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber - William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Sorry if you said this before, but what was the organic this quarter of the benefits versus the second quarter last year?
Cory Walker: It was -- you're talking about our services division.
Adam Klauber: Yes.
Cory Walker: That was we were negative 0.8% versus negative 0.3% in the first quarter.
Adam Klauber: Could you give us some color? What's going on with benefit commissions as far as the new healthcare legislation? Is that having an impact?
Powell Brown: The answer is it is, Adam -- I would categorize it as very regional in nature. So you might have something going on in south Florida that might not be going on exactly in Texas versus in Phoenix versus in southern California. It might all be a little different on how the carriers are addressing it. But a couple things that we're seeing: carriers on small group that paid on a commission basis in certain areas of the country are sometimes moving towards per head per month. So if you have a per head per month charge, the only way your revenue goes up in the future is to add more heads as opposed to if the rate goes up you get a little bit more of the rate. That would be number one. Number two, in some scenarios where there are dominant market positions, meaning of a carrier, A, B, C carrier writes a dominant -- they pay a certain commission to place the business obviously with them, the traditional commissions. If there is another market that comes in that is more competitive, it is conceivable that the commission level that they would pay us might be lower. That is a conceivable scenario. So obviously trying to do what's in the best interest of our customers we have to do that because if we don't obviously somebody else will and that's how we lose a business. Bu the final thing that we're seeing is -- and I alluded to it briefly today and we talked about it in Q1 -- is certain carriers on large group and large group is typically defined as over 100 but in certain states it's over 50 are asking us to have signed compensation disclosure agreements with our customers. That does not mean that they're not going to collect the fee, the money and then give us our commission levels. They're just breaking it out. We don't have a problem with that because we're talking with our customers about our compensation and if they have additional questions we want to provide as much transparency as they want into the way we're compensated, from whom we're compensated, how we're compensated, what we do for our compensation. But it really is a regional thing barring certain national healthcares that are asking for disclosure statements signed across the country. That's a long-winded answer of saying is there pressure on commission, benefits commissions? Yes. Is there uncertainty around healthcare reform? Yes. Does that create an opportunity for us? Yes. We're selling a ton of new business to new prospects, which are becoming new customers for employee benefits and, finally, we believe that there will be no meaningful healthcare reform modifications prior to '13 because of the presidential election.
Cory Walker: Now, Adam, I wanted to clarify something because when you started the conversation about the internal growth rate what I was giving you was the internal growth rate of our service division. Everything that Powell was just talking about, the employee benefits and the healthcare, those are all embedded in our retail division. So the service division is primarily the TPA services, our social security set aside groups as well as our social security disability advocacy group.
Powell Brown: Medicare set aside.
Cory Walker: So those internal growth rates I gave you in the first part didn't have anything to do with the employee benefit healthcare side of it.
Adam Klauber: One final question, could you give us an update on citizens? With the new legislations, are homeowners' rates coming up or is it a little too early to actually see the impact of that?
Powell Brown: Well, remember, when we talked about it last time, the issue where the rates will go up are around the sinkhole legislation, Adam. I haven't seen it yet but I know that it's going to be occurring if it's not already occurring. But the bigger issue that we talked about and I've been asked about before is the A rating of the larger properties. What we said on Q1 was that we thought that the governor was going to call the legislator back in for special session and basically address that head on and increase rates another 10% on commercial-residential properties, so think condos, apartments, certain assisted living facilities. That has not occurred. So that's surprising to us because in facilities like QBE -- in FIU, which we write on QBE paper, their big competition has been historically citizens and, to a lesser extent, the excess and surplus lines market, which is continuing to be what we alluded to, I think, in Q1 is as the rates for citizens go up the competition that citizens was presenting will probably be supplanted by the E&S market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: I'm a little unclear on the impact that Proctor had this quarter, so could you just go through that on the internal side?
Powell Brown: Proctor this quarter was down $2.4 million in revenue this quarter and we had said to everybody that we thought they were going to be down about [$500,000] and then be down about $2.8 million in Q3. That's what we said in Q1. So going forward, they were down $2.4 million and we're saying in Q3 we think they're going to be down somewhere between $1 million and $1.5 million.
John Fox: That's in special programs.
Powell Brown: That's in special programs.
John Fox: Then I think for Cory, do you have an estimate, Cory, for cash payments s you'll make this year for earn outs?
Cory Walker: Well, year-to-date we've made cash payments roughly of about $86 million. So the second half of the year, it will be up, will be equivalent to the $86 million. It's going to be somewhere $130 million to probably $140 million right now. But we've got $86 million year-to-date.
John Fox: I'm sorry, that's for earn outs or for acquisitions?
Cory Walker: That's for total acquisition cost.
John Fox: Right. I was looking for just the earn out piece, which was $358,000 in the first quarter.
Cory Walker: Well -- .
Powell Brown: Is he talking about -- ?
Cory Walker: I don't know if we -- .
Powell Brown: $358,000?
John Fox: Yes, it's in the financing section of cash flow statement. I'll just call you back on it. That's okay.
Cory Walker: Yes, I mean -- .
John Fox: The total amount acquisitions and earn outs is $86 million.
Cory Walker: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee.
Dan Farrell: Just you mentioned the M&A environment, you still feel that the pipeline is looking good. But could you talk about the competitive environment in terms of closing deals and any -- where pricing of deals are right now?
Powell Brown: We think that pricing on deals remains in the historical range that we've talked about before. Relative to that -- and that's typically six to seven times an operating profit definition. Everybody can define it a little differently. We define it EBIT A as on our definition because there's very little D. But as it relates to a pipeline and then the sourcing of deals, what we said is we meet with lots of people and talk to them about Brown & Brown and talk to them about their business and try to figure out if there's a cultural fit. For every 10 firms that we meet with there is a group of them, maybe five let's say, five or six, that up front you can probably determine there maybe is just not a fit. That's okay because you want to learn that up front. But of those that we determine that there's a fit, let's make this easy for the math purposes, if we had four that we were going to give term sheets to, typically we get two of those plus or minus slightly. So let's say we have 50% quoted or offered to close ratio. So we feel like acquisitions, as we've talked about in the past, go in waves. You can plant seeds today and that's going to bear fruit six years from now or it could be 90 days from now. Just using the current location as an example, I can tell you that we at Brown & Brown met [Mike Crow] and his team four years ago and we met and thought very highly of him but it was just not an opportunity at the time to do a transaction, so we did a transaction here last fall, in September, as you know, so what happened? Well, they continued to grow their business. We stayed in touch and over a three-year period continued to foster a deeper, better relationship. [Mike] and his team continue to grow and prosper and then we figured out a way to make it obviously mutually beneficial and they joined our team in September. So every deal is a little different, Dan. But I think the important thing is we want to be out talking to people all the time, which we are and we're focused on doing this for a long term. As you know, there's really, we call it, four types of buyers in this space. You have people like us and some of the other publicly traded firms that have a history and have done it for a long period of time, have a defined culture and it's a long-term play, a long-term investment and operating environment. Two, you have banks. We've said that we believe that banks in aggregate are net sellers of insurance assets. We obviously closed on one this last quarter. It seems to us that Wells and BB&T are the only two banks that are committed long term to the insurance space. That assumes that they don't change their mind on their view on insurance for whatever reason and then they might sell it. Or if there was a regulatory environment change such that they couldn't own it in the future, that might change it. The third would be private equity. Private equity, as we all know, is short term in nature. I would say three to seven years. We all know that you can't define and develop a very significant culture in that short period of time. So that's going to attract a different type of seller as well. The finally, it would be, I call it, the cross town rival, which is the smaller, local or regional agency that has probably been competing head to head with that firm and then do they ultimately come together. That's a possibility. But ultimately, one of the good things about Brown & Brown, we believe and our acquisition strategy and this is pretty commonly known about Brown & Brown is there are three things that we say with certainty. Number one, we pay with cash; hard to argue with green backs. Number two, we do what we say and say what we do, ie when we give a term sheet and we do due diligence we don't start negotiating from there. We stick to the original terms and conditions. Three, we can close quickly because we have everything done in-house. Having said that, that's an observation of ours. That's not a criticism of anybody else's but I think that's pretty widely known about us out there and it's something that we're proud of because we view ourselves as operators that do a lot of -- we happen to do a lot of acquisitions as opposed to the alternative.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Brown and Mr. Walker for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, [Laura], and we appreciate everybody's time and have a wonderful day. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Powell Brown - President & Chief Executive Officer Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer Jim Henderson - Chief Operating Director  Tom Riley - Regional President
Analysts: Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray Keith Walsh - Citi Mark Hughes - SunTrust Keith Alexander - JP Morgan Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Brett Huff - Stephens Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Inc. earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provision of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time-to-time in the companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects are contained in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Rachelle. Good morning everybody. 2009, marked a first time in our history that wed not grown top and bottom line. Yet in light of this difficult operating environment, the Brown & Brown team continues to deliver for our clients and generated a 34.3% EBITDA margin. As we said in the past, we have margin pressure in a negative internal growth environment. The insurance industry as a whole continues to post positive underwriting results for Q4 with standard carriers combined ratios in the 90s and with written premiums generally lower 4% to 8% Q4-over-Q4. The risk barriers are seeing the impact of shrinking exposure units as we are, and finally you should be aware that our Q4 numbers reflect $4.2 million less in contingency revenue for FIU that was received in Q4 of 08. This was postponed into 2010 and subject to favorable loss experience. We are potentially able to collect that in 10. Now, Id like to turn it over to Cory for our financial report. 
Cory Walker: Thanks Powell. After three quarters of slight improvements, the weak economy, the continued soft pricing, the soft M&A environment, and again the lack of similar profit sharing contingencies that we got from the fourth quarter last year, all caused the fourth quarter of this year to be the worst quarter for the entire year. As most of you that routinely follow our company know, as our internal growth rate goes, whether it grows or shrinks, as long as we have negative internal growth as Powell was mentioning, we will have shrinkage of our margins as some of that commission revenues evaporate. With that said, our fourth quarter revenues did retreat more than any other quarter during the 2009 year and so our total revenues for the quarter did decrease 7.7%, and that represents $17.9 million of total loss revenues.  Commissions and fees, which is the main revenue line item, decreased 7.2% and thats $16.6 million of that $17.9 million and within that, thats where our profit-sharing contingent commissions reduced by $4.4 million of which $4 million as Powell mentioned was from FIU. So taking the remaining total core commissions and fees which exclude profit-sharing, contingent commissions decreased $12.1 million from the fourth quarter of last year, and within that net growth number is $6.8 million of acquired revenues. So therefore, when you add those two back together, our total net loss of core commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis was $18.7 million, and that reflects a negative 8.3% internal growth rate. That number really breaks out $13 million, a total from the broad-based reduction in the three segments of our Retail Division Then secondly, $4.5 million of that came from our National Programs Division, of which that portion was really equally split between reductions at our FIU Proctor and public entity subsidiaries. So the specific rate growth obviously is in the press release, and Powell and Jim will talk about each of the divisions more specifically in a minute. Moving to our investment income, we earned $700,000 less in the fourth quarter this year, compared to 08 and thats exclusively due to substantially lower investment yields in 2009, even though we do have much higher average daily balances in our cash accounts.  We are currently making only 10 to 12 basis points on our overnight market accounts and really last month and early January we were only making one basis point as hard as that is to believe, but its substantially down. Other income was $700,000 for this quarter, compared to $1.3 million in the fourth quarter 08. Most of the prior years fourth quarter gains and half of the 2009 fourth quarter gains resulted primarily from the sales of certain books of businesses and our normal course of operation. So moving down and looking at the expenses during the fourth quarter, our employee compensation and benefits increased 1.2 percentage points to 53.7% of total revenue. Even though the actual net dollar cost dropped by $6.8 million, from the same quarter, the employee compensation benefits relating to just the new standalone acquisitions since the beginning of the fourth quarter was $1.9 million of new costs. Therefore on a somewhat comparable same-store sales basis, because that also includes any fold-in acquisitions, we had an aggregate net decrease in our employee compensation and benefit costs of approximately $8.7 million. So you can see even though our profit center leaders do a great job of managing their costs and reducing employee benefit costs by $8.7 million, having $18.7 million of revenue evaporate due to the rate and the exposure units shows that our operating profit margins and pre-tax margins do compress. Moving on down, our non-cash stock-based compensation costs was $2.1 million in the fourth quarter, which is an increase of about $400,000 and thats just due to new performance stock grants issued during the year. Our other operating expenses increased 1.8 percentage points to 17% of the total revenues, and that represents about $1 million of increased costs. The other operating expenses relating just to the standalone acquisitions is about half of that, $0.5 million, and therefore on the comparable same-store basis we had approximately $0.5 million of additional net costs. Almost all of our costs and line items showed a decrease from the prior year fourth quarters, like travel and entertainment expenses, supplies, occupancy costs; however, those savings were offset by a $1.4 million increase in our legal expenses. Our legal expense is higher due to the cost of aggressively defending legal proceedings against us, as well as aggressively pursuing legal actions against some third parties. Our amortization and depreciation charges are really just a factor of our various acquisition levels. Our interest expense is slightly higher due to acquisition earn out liabilities we have, and then finally for the quarter, moving to our effective tax rate for the entire year of 2009, our effective tax rate was 39.9%. Wed expected to run in effective tax rate around 39.3%, which we did for the first nine months, but due to the substantial drop in revenue in the fourth quarter, the rate did move up and the impact of having to true up the previous nine months amounted to about $1 million, and that did fall into the fourth quarter which drove up the rate to the 42.4%. The rate moved from our expected 39.3% to the 39.9% rate, mainly due to higher state tax rates, like Michigan which has an effective tax rate on a combined basis of roughly 41.3% and thats where our Proctor subsidiary is, and when they have become a higher percentage of our total pretax income, the overall rate does go up. So now just quickly moving just to the year-to-date numbers, I will just restate a little bit of what Powell said is that, for the year we did have total revenues of $967.9 million, and thats down only 1% from 2008, and that represents about $9.7 million, and of that amount, $8.8 million loan was just from our profit sharing contingent commission. So in spite of a year that had a lot of different challenges that we mentioned, I think its very important that each of our leaders at our decentralized operations were still able to maintain and operate EBITDA margin of 34.3% and that was really only 1.1 percentage points down from last year. So all-in-all, it was a good year relative to the difficult challenges that we did face. So with that, let me turn it back to Powell. 
Powell Brown: Thank you, Cory. From a retail perspective, Florida retail internal growth was down $10.4 million versus $9.7 million. GL and automobile rates are flat to down 15, work comp rates are down 6.8% on average for 2010. Since 2003 when reform was enacted, rates are down approximately 63% in Florida.  Exposures and payrolls are typically flat to down 15; the construction industry in Florida here as you know is still very slow. GL and auto rates are flat to down 15% and the exposure units, payrolls are down 5% to 40%. Citizens Property Insurance Company, effective January 1, increased their rates; commercial residential rates are up on buildings over $10 million in value. Theyre typically with the same terms and conditions up 20%, but most of those insured are changing their terms and conditions, meaning taking higher wind deductibles and AOP deductibles, so it usually levels out more about a 10% increase. On buildings under $10 million its typically a flat 10% increase. Personal lines rates are also up, some more so than others in different areas of state, but roughly 10%. What does that really mean? Well, some of that business that is currently with Citizens is moving towards the excess and the surplus lines market and specifically were starting to see more property in the Panhandle trying to migrate out of Citizens into the E&S market, and to a lesser degree in Southwest Florida. We have not seen the pricing get close enough yet on the East Coast of Florida and more specifically southeast Florida. On a national retail basis, internal growth was negative 7.2% versus 3.3%, in the Southeast, excluding Florida. GL and auto rates are flat to down 10%, and work comp rates are flat to down 5%, except in Louisiana, where rates are down 5% to 20%. Exposures are flat to down 10%. Construction, GL and auto rates are typically flat down 15%, and payrolls are down 5% to 15%. I will note that accounts over $100,000 in premium anywhere in the country continue to attract lots and lots of attention, and regional carriers are very, very competitive in the Southeast on all sizes of accounts. In the Northeast, property, general liability and automobile rates are flat to down 10%. Work comp rates are down 5% to up 5%, and exposures are typically flat to down 10%. In the construction area, in the Northeast, rates are flat to down 10%, and exposures are flat to down 20%. I will note that accounts in and around the New York City area seem to be holding up better than other accounts in the Northeast United States. In the Midwest, property general liability and auto rates are flat to down 15%. Work comp rates are flat to down 10%. One note, Texas and Michigan are more competitive with rates on average down 15% to 25%, and exposures are typically down 10% to 40%. Construction, GL and automobile rates are down 5% to 10%, and exposures are down 10% to 15%. Lots of capacity in the Midwest, and there are new regional carriers entering states, most notably as an example in Colorado, where they have two new regional carriers. They continue to drive pricing down in that state. In western retail, internal growth was 14.1% negative versus 11.5%. Property, GL and auto rates are flat to down 15%, with exposures down 5% to 30%. Work comp rates are either up 5% to down 10%, and exposures are down 10% to 25%. Construction continues to be slow, GL and automobile rates are down 5% to 15%, and exposures are down 5% to 50%. Theres intense rate pressure in the Pacific Northwest, specifically the Seattle area and GL, auto and work comp rates are down 10% plus; a year ago they were flattish. In Southern California, automobile rates are down 15% to 20%. We continue to see significant construction shrinkage in Arizona and Seattle, and in the Western states that we operate in, they seem to have a more difficult economic environment than the national average from an unemployment standpoint. Employee benefits, small group rates are increasing 5% to 15%, and insured are modifying plans to reduce the ultimate increases on large groups, those are groups over 50 insured lives. Rates are up 5% to 15% on good loss experience. If they have poor loss experience, its substantially higher and covered lives in groups are typically down 5% to 40%. That said I will now turn it over to Jim for your report.
Jim Henderson: Thank you Powell and good morning everyone. I would like to cover the non-retail divisions, wholesale brokerage services and programs, and also touch on the M&A activity. Within the wholesale brokerages there was a positive surprise in the fourth quarter. The negative organic growth, the reduction of 3.1% for the fourth quarter was the best quarter in this division since the third quarter of 2007. The negative organic challenge in 2009 was 6.2%, and this weighs very favorably compared to the 14.6% challenge we had in 2008, so definitely an improvement in this division. Special recognition to our two leaders there, Tony Strianese and Mike Reardon; these individuals in the face of 9.5% less revenue, they took out actually more expenses than that and improved their core margin in 2009 in this division by 1.1%. Id like to share with you a couple of comments from the different operating units within wholesale brokerage. The price reductions, they continue to happen. The accounts under 50,000 in premium and the reductions are smaller. Theyre generally in the zero to 5% range. On the accounts over 50,000 premiums, we experienced really 10%, 15%, and 20% reduction in pricing there, and competition from the standard market. Exposure units continue to deteriorate 5% to 8%. Interesting comments from a couple of business units, and that is payrolls for the last couple of quarters are more stable than the revenue base. So perhaps the amount of hiring or terminations there is shrinking, but not a lot of impact on the top line for our customers at this time. Submission count is up, which is very positive, indicating a surge of market opportunity. The standard markets as mentioned are still very aggressive. We think that the binding authority component of this business, which represents about two-third of revenues is a growth opportunity in 2010. There are some hungry carriers that certainly would like to have additional business in this area, and were talking to a number about additional authorities from them to grow that business. Turning now to the service unit, this business unit continues to produce industry leading margins of 26.7% for the year. We were down slightly in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter is down slightly due to claims count, but for the year revenue was up 5.6% and a corresponding increase in pre-tax earnings by 4.4%.  This month we did close on the acquisition of protocols. This is a business unit similar to new Quest. They are a Medicare set aside provider to carriers. Its a growth opportunity with a high margin performer in this unit. Turning now to the professional programs, for the quarter the revenues were down 5.4%. This is principally on price reductions and a couple of the business units for this quarter, but for the year we are very pleased to report a 2% growth in professional programs.  This division, you may recall is comprised of small account, professional coverage for dental and lawyers, insurance agents, physicians, and the price pressures on this business unit. Again under the 50,000 premium count, the price pressure is a little bit less, maybe 0%, 5%, 8%. Over 50,000, its probably double, that is where from 10%, 8%, to plus percent challenge is there, particularly on accounts with fewer no losses. There is surprisingly slightly less exposure units with respect to a number of law firms and units comprising the premium formula. On a very positive note, we were able to initiate new sales growth in this division in 2009, and believe that can spill over into 2010. Next is the special program unit. This is consists of some 16 business units. We did have a negative organic growth for the quarter in this division of 11.4%. For the year though, this unit had an increase of 9% for the year, down for the quarter, but up for the year. This had a lot to do with some fluctuation of revenues at Proctor financial that Ill cover with you in a moment. Within this unit, that is a public entity unit. They were down just under 5% for the year with sustainable earnings. The factor here was more pricing than the business units. Certainly governments are not reducing as quickly as the general business economy, but the price competition is quite severe.  The next unit of note; Florida and the coastal underwriters or condominium unit in South Florida. We did have a tough quarter, primarily due to capacity concerns or issues and that is the ability to write total new exposure units to South Florida, and for the year 2009, we were down 2.4% within this unit. We are very pleased to report that Jeff Eisen and his leaders have been able to successfully negotiate new capacity for 2010, which will enable us to keep our existing customers and also actually grow this business unit for non-tricount exposures in South Florida for 2010. A real plus for them and we are excited about that new capacity. We are able to achieve some price increases on condominiums in Florida and summed those as being imposed by citizens. American Specialty is our entertainment and sports facility up in Indiana; they were down 9.1% for the year. Two factors, one certainly price competition and long tail casualty is very severe, the other and perhaps even more significant was the transition from one policy issuing company to another. That transition is now complete.  Were going into 2010, the new carrier will offer our ability to issue new products there for this business unit and we feel like an opportunity to reverse the trend and provide some growth for American Specialty. Now back to Proctor Financial and some additional guidance as to certainly the fluctuation of revenues for this business unit. Proctor is an insurance service provider for regional banks for their mortgage portfolios, and describing that mortgage portfolios, you think about all the defaults, the things going on there.  Actually that has generated earnings revenue opportunity for us, however, the volatility of the regional banks is one that has caused fluctuations and revenues and growth and earnings within Proctor that we wanted to provide additional color to you. Proctor does have the characteristics of having large accounts, therefore revenue can be lumpy. Revenue tends to come on very slowly as we route in new account. We grow that account with respect to new exposures, unfortunately when we lose one, as we did last year as a result of takeover by the FDIC of a large account, the revenue disappears immediately. That certainly impacted the fourth quarter and with respect to the first and second quarter of 2010, we would like to provide some guidance on this business unit.  In the first quarter we could anticipate revenues as a result of this large account having been taken over, of a reduction of some $9 million to $10 million revenue for Proctor, and in the second quarter, it could be $6 million to $8 million. Now, we feel this is a very conservative view of it. Its based upon our existing customer base. It doesnt include a significant business or exposure unit growth or a significant change in the mortgage environment. So those factors certainly would help your model in looking at forward looking for 2010. Lastly moving back to M&A, and getting into something, frankly on a very positive happening there, we are seeing some promising new activity. I think at least a stability of revenues from the standpoint that we can sit down and have a meaningful conversation with a prospect as to their expectations and their expectations of value. Those conversations are going much better this year than last year.  The early part of 2010 is encouraging from the three business units we have acquired. Last year the industry was down some 40% in M&A activity. We think 10 certainly has more promise to it. Theres a tax rate change sitting out there at the end of 2010. This is a promising discussion by potential sellers to do. I do it now or do I pay more next year with respect to taxes.  The other item Cory mentioned, the cash sitting on the sidelines; the idle cash which is idle, because of the earnings of that cash. So well look very hard to put that money to work in a very prudent manner. Lastly, also in the room is Tom Riley. Tom and I have been friends for some 20 years. Tom followed me as CFO in 1989. After a couple of years, he took over the South Florida offices, he grew that operation. He built his regions plus others to sum $200 million in acquisitions that he has touched and led.  As Powell mentioned in most prolific buyer of agencies and he lives in a jet, which is the story of many of us. So weve got a very, very experienced leader to step in and be involved in the M&A activity, and I think well have every success with those efforts. So with that Powell, Ill turn it back over to you. 
Powell Brown: Thank you, Jim. Id like to conclude by mentioning several items, three particularly. One, we have broken out Proctor Financial, because its an important part of our business, but it is countercyclical. The recent events in our economy have had a significant impact on that business. The rest of our company is more of a mirror reflection of the broad, middle market economy. Two, Hyatt and Jim have developed a great group of operating leaders and those leaders continue to step up and take on more responsibility as Jim alluded to. Tom Riley, who has been our most prolific acquirer of agencies in the past, now had acquisitions for our team and focus more of his time in that area in the future. Finally, we have 10 Regional Presidents and Regional Executive Vice Presidents who report to the CEO. This development in terms of the Regional President and the Regional Executive Vice President structure has developed over the last 10 years. All of those individuals have reported to Jim Hyatt and/or myself during that period of time; now all 10 will report to me, with some taking on more responsibility as we alluded to with Tom Rileys acquisitions. So with that said, Rachelle I would like to turn it back to you to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray:  Powell, I wanted to circle back with you just in terms of your analysis of the market and what youve been describing to us. It seems pretty out there and maybe nothing seems to be turning up. Is there anywhere or either by line or geography that maybe indicates some light at the end of the tunnel?
Powell Brown: Mike, I would tell you that it continues to be very competitive in the economy out there and what we read and what we see is different and so, if you noticed in my comments, I talked about our business being a mirror reflection of the middle market economy and so we continue as Jim alluded to us as well.  Some of our clients we are seeing are not having payroll shrinkages, but we are still seeing shrinkages in their revenue and sales, and so the areas that you dont see much change would be property related businesses; however, its possible to have an evaluation of that property and it would be valued less than you had insured for, so you are seeing some values on property accounts come down too. So Id tell you that its pretty darn competitive everywhere.  There are places in the country that a year ago we did not see the slowdown, and you have heard me say that before, in places like Seattle and Portland, where it has slowed down a bit, but it continues to be competitive.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: So maybe just less bad overall, certainly nothing to get too excited about.
Powell Brown: Yes, I think thats a fair statement, but 09 there was a downdraft as you can tell.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Cory, just a follow-up question, can you talk about the variable expenses or the other operating expenses? They are up about $6 million in 09 versus 08. Are there areas here where you might expect to see some heightened expense awareness or management, or how should we be thinking about that for 2010?
Cory Walker: No, I think part of the decentralized system is that each one of our profit center leaders looks at each of their revenues and modify. So with that said, things that can be changed are already being changed and a lot of the savings that we do have is that if you take all the groups and put them in a line in terms of the highest margins to lowest margin, probably some of the greatest savings are coming from offices that may be below the average level. So theres no one area that will come up, its just unique charges that happen in a particular quarter. On this particular quarter it had to be a higher amount of legal expenses that just popped up, because of a couple of cases. So I would expect us to be relatively consistent in terms of the percentage. Now as the percentage of total revenue is dependent upon, believe it or not, more so where the revenues grow or shrink at, but from an absolute dollar standpoint, I dont think there really wont be significant changes.
Jim Henderson: I think on the operating side, with respect to the cost, 2008, 2009 was the first time that I saw where budgets never lost, never left the desk of the leaders, and what that means is that youre always looking for what is my new revenue base? What are the expenses that disappear because the commission goes? Then what is the next phase I can do with respect to, lets say rent. What about support staff? What about other costs there? So that budget is a living document sitting on their desk to work with each and every quarter going forward. Our people have really done that very, very well. We talked last quarter about the reduction in lease costs, that a goal of taking 25% of that out over the forward 12, 18 months and that were finding success, because of the issues in the real estate market. So that micromanagement is down at a small P&L level and is bearing fruit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Walsh - Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citi: A couple of questions on revenue for Powell and then Ive got an M&A question to Jim. Just looking at I guess your three year of negative organic, and I thought we would have lapsed some of the negative by now and it seems to be actually getting worse. Maybe if you can just talk first on the impact were seeing on rate versus exposure first of all in 09 relative to 08; if one is having more of a pronounced impact than another? Then Ive got a couple of follow-ups there.
Cory Walker: Keith, we would tell you that rate is maybe 25%, maybe 30% versus exposure unit shrinkage. You may have heard me say it; I would say its two-thirds to three quarters of the impact across the Board. 
Keith Walsh - Citi: How has that been traditional? 
Cory Walker: Yes traditionally if you think about it, I havent asked the question, is there a similar period of time excluding the economy in investor meetings and I would bring you back to the late 90s, when rates were going down somewhere between 4% and 7%. In the fourth quarter of 09, the average standard company rate went down 5.6%. So in that period, if the economy is flat to up slightly, we believe we grow organically as we did in the late 90s, but then you put on top of that a downdraft, which we called the double whammy. Its, you have one rate going down, but the more important impact is the shrinking exposure units.  Were continuing to write a lot of new business, but its very difficult to fill in the whole of shrinking exposure units to then grow your business on top of that. So I would say two-thirds to three quarters exposure units, one-third to one quarter rate. 
Keith Walsh - Citi: Just to follow-up on the exposure units, what are the inflection points we should be looking for? Is it really payroll related, new construction? What are the really key metrics for you guys?
Cory Walker: Keith, its interesting. We have been looking over the last year for a leading economic indicator on which to peg our performance and we have not found one that truly reflects the performance of our business.  Some of us have talked about the fact, that is, we have a lagging component in our business or maybe the middle market may have a lagging component from an economic standpoint to the overall market. I dont know, but we have not been able to find a leading economic indicator of any sort that has a direct correlation to our business yet. 
Keith Walsh - Citi: Then the second piece of my question is, you touched on the competitive position by regional competitors. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about retention of your producers and your accounts by historical standards, maybe a little more color around the regional competitors that you mentioned earlier.
Tom Riley:
 : One, we have not seen a significant deterioration of retention of number of accounts if you exclude bankruptcies. Thats a big if, but Im saying if you exclude that, our retention level is more near historical norm, so thats retaining the number of accounts, but accounts can shrink in size, because their sales and payrolls and things like that have shrunk, number one. Number two, as it relates to producers, we basically allocate 1% of our revenues to recruiting and enhancing high quality people that are not in the current budget around our system each year. In doing so, we have continued to recruit high quality people, and try to enhance their abilities through Brown & Brown University, and we have been very fortunate to retain the producers in our system. That does not mean that we havent had some producers leave, at which you have normally in any market cycle. We would tell you that we have been very pleased in retaining the high quality producers in our system, and recruiting new high quality people, who we think will be also very high quality producers in the future, but the regional component was regional insurance companies, which was what I was really referring to.
Keith Walsh - Citi: Last question for Jim, just on M&A, if I look through the first two months I guess, of the year or almost two months, about $10.5 million of acquired revs, I would extrapolate that out maybe a $60 million run rate for the year. Is that a fair run rate? Do you think guys you can do better than that or is that a good trend we should think about?
Jim Henderson: Certainly, if you take the last four or five year average, that would be a very doable target. If you look at deployable cash, the opportunity there is weve never really put numbers out there in terms of forecasting acquisitions. That kind of happens when they do. Theyre also very lumpy with respect to the quarters that they come in, but is there an improvement in the environment, and we think that has to do with the ability to establish value on our part and the seller. We are fortunate to be one of the players out there that has the resources to acquire at different size levels and if you look at some that really want to have more chunky acquisitions, our model we can acquire really from $2 million, $3 million, $4 million, and $5 million up and so that gives us I think an advantage to some others and frankly, what are very, very profitable agencies and opportunities too. So this year we hope to be very busy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hughes - SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Any thoughts on the overall contingent outlook for Q1, I guess some of that FIU will show up in 2010, any other comments?
Powell Brown: The FIU Mark, we anticipate that at the end of the year and as it relates to profit sharing, once again its a guess. Profit sharing is a function; the performance of the book at the local office level not only from a loss ratio standpoint, but from a premium standpoint. So if the premium shrinks and is profitable, the calculation would typically be lower.  Having said that, if the premium grows and the losses grow, then if you can get lower to or if it grows and its more profitable, you can get more. So we really dont know from a standpoint of what the contingencies are going to look like; however, weve said in markets or in cycles where the loss ratios on average go down, the insurance companies typically will pay out more in contingencies.  That is not indicative necessarily of each individual office, and having said that, when loss ratios go up, carriers typically payout less in contingencies. So I know we have been kind of broad on that statement, but we really dont know until they start coming in.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: On the M&A front, I think it sounds like youre able to come to better agreement in terms of valuation. Is that a tax issue? Do you think people, they finally got to the point where they are lacking in clarity about when the soft market is going to end and so they are willing to come to the table?
Powell Brown: Yes, I think its more the market. So if they believe that market was going to suddenly jump up and revenues and earnings would increase, the tendency to probably remain in place wait for a better, brighter day, that doesnt appear to be happening in a timeframe that many need.  So they are coming back and we had $12 million in revenue, we now have 10, thats what might have happened, but lets talk about what we have today. Lets arrange an opportunity for us to grow this to a value that we can agree upon, and move forward. So I think thats probably the most significant change that weve seen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Alexander - JP Morgan.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: I was just wondering, was there anything unusual in national? What would point to the acceleration of the decline in national in the quarter? It seems like it was a little bit faster in recent trend.
Powell Brown: No, theres not anything in particular that were pointing to Keith. I just think its an overall deterioration in the market. I know that you said its up actually from 3.3 to 7.2, quarter-over-quarter, but I would attribute that personally to a combination of overall the economy pushing down somewhat and in some of the areas that we were more stable a year ago. They started to slowdown as well, but theres not one thing that we point to.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Im going to ask a question thats kind of been asked before, just in a different way. So where are we in terms of the organic declines? Do you think that were going to see continued acceleration, stabilization or maybe a gradual improvement from here?
Powell Brown: Well, thats hard to say Keith. I would tell you that the way I would probably answer that is, if you believe what you read and hear, that the economy and the economic outlook is flattish, and so how does that translate into our business, we dont know yet. So obviously you could make an argument, that successive years down when you hear exposure units down on top of down. How much further down can they go, and so we dont know quite honestly. So I think the question earlier from a standpoint of, we are trying to do everything we can to retain our clients and our clients are shrinking, and when that stabilizes and/or the growth starts, we will start to see it pretty shortly thereafter, but we dont know Keith to answer your question.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Then going back to the other operating expense, do you expect any of the legal expenses to carryover to 2010 or is that just a one-time item?
Cory Walker: Well, I think that 1.4 is more of a one-time item, because of the case over, but in any particular quarter they can jump up, but from a year-to-year basis, I would expect it to be stable, if not even down a little bit. Thats certainly what we hope, especially on that particular line item.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: On the tax rate, is there any additional portion of that that might carry over to 2010?
Cory Walker: Well, I think from an ongoing basis, I think youve got to model out a 39.8% to 39.9% effective tax rate on a go forward basis.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Has your interest in repurchasing shares changed at all?
Cory Walker: We, as you know Keith, have not ever done that. We dont like to use the term never or always, but its not been discussed with the board and we believe our cash has a lot of opportunities this year to invest in high quality agencies, but like I said, its something that we are not using the word never or always, but we really do believe that theres a lot of acquisition opportunities for 2010 that we would invest our money in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: 
 :
Jim Henderson: No, it has not. I think the element in the case of a difference between the other public brokers and BRO are pretty obvious. I think they are focused at opportunity, at culture, at value, at their people being able to stay on and go forward and do the things that they have done in the past to operate most like they have before, so that component is not there.  The organic growth is one that has a lot to do with value for BRO shares that we want to get into our hands and we do that. So to that extent, they are keenly tuned into that component, but its not one where they value that as that were unhappy talking to you because of that particular component. Its never come up.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Two small questions for Cory; one, when we look at FIU related contingents for 4Q 2010, am I right in assuming that all else being equal, wed have $4 million postponed from 2009 and lets say $4 million from 2010?
Jim Henderson: This is Jim. You are right, Meyer. The rollover from 09 to 10 was a good news and bad news. The good news was that we negotiated in November and December an increase in the participants on the reinsurance treating for FIU and part of that was extending the 09 year into 10, which we couldnt close out the 09 year and we couldnt collect the contingent, but it does continue to build, to accrue very, very profitable years, which that has not disappeared, but we dont bring closure to that year until 10. So it doesnt diminish the 10 opportunity to your point.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Historically, I guess theres been some seasonality with other operating expenses being lower in the first quarter than in other quarters and we did not see that in 2009. Should we expect it in 2010?
Jim Henderson: I guess Im not sure what costs you are thinking of; seasonal costs, because I mean I dont view us having too many expenses that are really seasonal related costs, but I think that if you look at the overall costs that we had for 2009, it changes on a monthly basis, and I think current level is what you ought to expect for 10.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Would you expect that in every quarter in 10?
Jim Henderson: As a general rule; well excluding [Inaudible] which certainly affects the first quarter. 
Cory Walker:  It does affect the bonus amount. So that would fluctuate that side of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Huff - Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens: A couple of questions, Cory, I wanted to make sure when you were giving us the various comp and OpEx math, which was sort of same-store organic, and which was added by the M&A. I think you gave us the year or that a 4Q number and regardless, I was writing quickly, but couldnt get it all. Could you just highlight that math again for me for 4Q?
Cory Walker: Yes, those were fourth quarter numbers that I was giving and when I say that the way we do that is we really have just taken the standalone acquisitions that are new and were isolating the true costs there, and then just saying, okay that is X dollars and then separating that to the rest of the offices that were there in the same time last year. What that does include is that we do have any fold-ins. Those numbers are kind of embedded in that existing office. So there are some increased costs there from our fold-ins, but Im saying theyre really like same store. So you have to know that little imprecision methodology there, but you talk about the terms of the compensation or other expense line.
Brett Huff - Stephens: Could you do both for me?
Cory Walker: Yes, reviewing back on the compensation, what theyve said, they were the net reduction of $6.8 million of raw dollars. If you take just the standalone acquisitions, they accounted for $1.9 million of compensation. So, essentially you have to add those two numbers together, because the net was $6.8 million drop, but youre carving out the $1.9 million.  If you take just the offices that were there in the both years, they do have a little bit of fold-ins there, that those were actually reduced by a total of $8.7 million of costs that came out. So is that you follow what those numbers, are. Then when we went to the other operating expenses, just for the quarter again, there is basically an increase in total expenses of about $1 million. It went from roughly $35.359 million to $36.382 million; thats right at about $1 million. Of that, the standalone acquisitions, they accounted for half $0.5 million of that. So that means theres another $0.5 million net increase on just the same stores, but when you look at all the various line items, like I said, T&E, and supplies, almost every line item was a decline, with the exception of legal and thats where legal actually had a bump up of about $1.4 million. So that overshadowed and thats how we ended up with $0.5 million up.
Brett Huff - Stephens: On the guidance for Proctor, the 1Q and 2Q, thats a year-over-year number, the $9 million to $10 million hit, then the $6 million to $8 million hit, is that correct?
Cory Walker: Thats correct.
Brett Huff - Stephens: Can you talk a little bit more about Citizens? It sounds like youre hopeful that the higher prices will benefit you all down in Florida a little bit and it sounds like on the margin in the condo pricing, that thats happening. Anymore color on how quickly that could benefit you or anything?
Cory Walker: Yes, lets talk about the Citizens for a moment. I think in the last call, we wrote about $75 million of Citizens business in premium and so think about it roughly as 10% commission, roughly, so $7.5 million of revenue.  So what I think is going to happen is this; theres going to be an inflection point depending on where you are in the state, at which business as I alluded to will pour out of Citizens into the E&S market. So for example, right now the Panhandle seems to be that area where the inflection point is the closest. If you notice, the inflection point is not that close in Southeast Florida yet. So there would be a slight increase on accounts in Southeast Florida if the terms and the conditions stayed the same, thats a big if.  So as I alluded to, those accounts that were over $10 million, in the value the rates that are coming out are typically up about 20%, but when they change the terms and conditions, theyre up about 10%. So the inflection point in Southeast Florida is still away at the E&S market, at least that their current appetite would start to depopulate accounts from Citizens.
Brett Huff - Stephens: Last question was on the lease issue, can you give us a quantification of the success in that so far, or is that more of a back half 2010 thing as you can negotiate leases off over the year?
Cory Walker: To answer your question, every scenario is different in every office. So its taking a while for it to work itself through the system, but I cant tell you exactly when were going to start to see the major impact in terms of lease improvement, but we can say that we are working on it and were improving every quarter.  Again, if you look at excluding acquisitions, we actually had a net drop of occupancy costs of roughly $200,000 to $300,000 just through 09. So part of that just came in during part of the year. So youll see a little bit of better improvement in 10. So its going in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: You talked about acquisition multiples paid coming down a little bit. I was wonder, if you might be able to quantify that, how much specifically it came down? Your acquisition strategy is that predicated on multiples coming down lower from where they are now or sort of just kind of leveling out at this level?
Jim Henderson: I think last answer first, we think they level out. The last if you go back two years, due to venture capital money, banks, others, the multiples had grown from $6, $6.5, to $7.5, $8 plus. They are back into that $6, $6.5, some premiums are at $7, but for the most part theyre really back in that $6, $6.5 range.  The multiple certainly is one component, but the other details about opportunity to grow it, about a workout forward numbers are really paying for what has been delivered and it becomes the major part of the play. So yes, they are down, but thats really not the predication to looking at the enthusiasm for 10 as one of individuals saying, This is the time to do this. I need to go ahead and get something done this year. I dont want to work another five or eight years, and I dont want to pay so much money to Uncle Sam.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Then the other question, the only one I have left. You talked at the beginning of the year increasing the producer hiring, you talked about increasing the budget. I was just wondering if you could compare how active you actually were in hiring producers and kind of how you are weighing that now versus acquisitions, how you are looking at that for 2010?
Powell Brown: I think, Scott, we look at it in the same way, weve look at it in the past in terms of its an important part of growing our business and providing future leadership in the future in terms of sales leadership and some of those individuals will actually run offices, if they have the talent and they are so inclined. So we havent looked at it any differently. As I said, we allocate roughly 1% of our revenues a year to help subsidize producers who are not already in budgets at local office levels and that is totally separate and distinct from our appetite in doing acquisitions. So our position on both has not changed. We are actively looking to hire high quality people internally, and do high quality acquisitions.
Cory Walker: If you look at from a dollar standpoint, I mean, newer producers are basically on salary until they can be trained and validated and we run on average around $40 million, $43 million of annualized salary costs and that actually went up a little over $1 million on a run rate this past year compared to 08. So, almost every three out of four quarters it has increased. So we continue to hire high quality people and train them.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Are you seeing any changes in the talent available out, the talent pool compared to past several quarters? Is that about the same?
Cory Walker: I wouldnt say Scott, its different quarter-over-quarter, but I would say that in the last year or maybe even the last 18 months, it has been substantially deeper in that pool than it has been in the past; meaning theres just a lot of people that were seeing from industries that we probably would not have otherwise seen.
Operator: Your final question comes from Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital:  There seems to be a lot of moving pieces in the specialty programs business, in terms of your expectation for improvement in FIU next year, but further declines in Proctor. So, if I put all this together, what should this mean in terms of organic growth in this segment next year?
Jim Henderson: If you view the impact of Proctor, the numbers that are so compelling. They wanted to add the additional color and some of this business unit, particularly program area has been our better performers in 2008 and 2009 given the organic challenge weve had. So are they going to be flat or positive, probably not, but we still believe that we have some opportunities there for improvement in the organic growth side within those various business units on factors that hit us in 09 with respect to a new trading partner, and a case of some new products out there really help to grow it.  FIU certainly the capacity played to help, if you really replenish the revenue base back to their historic levels, which is in 08 and 09, it has been lower than otherwise.
Operator: That will conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Mr. Brown for any additional or closing remarks.
Powell Brown: Thank you, Rachelle. Thank you all everybody, this morning and well talk to you next quarter. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: That will conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives:   J. Powell Brown  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Jim W. Henderson  Vice Chairman of the Board & Chief Operating Director Cory T. Walker  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President & Treasurer J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman of the Board
Analysts :  Michael Grasher  Piper Jaffray Keith Alexander  JP Morgan Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill Eli Fleminger  Stifel Nicolaus Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  
Operator:
J. Powell Brown : Q3 was another interesting quarter. Shrinking exposure units continue to be the biggest impact on our numbers, greater than decreasing rates. Rates are under pressure everywhere except we see some flattening in coastal areas. We continue to watch the healthcare reform debate take shape in Washington and Ill tell you that Jim and Cory and I are here in Daytona with a special invited guest Hyatt decided to sit in with us today so hell be in the room as well. Now, Id like to turn it over to Cory for the financial update.
Cory T. Walker : Our third quarter results look remarkably similar to our second quarter results. Our net income for the third quarter of 2009 was $41 million which was up slightly from last years third quarter net income of $40.6 million and our earnings per share for both quarters was $0.29 per share. From a revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter decreased slightly by .3 percentage points or $800,000 to $243 million from the $243.8 million earned last year.  Included in the press release is our normal internal growth schedule that youre use to seeing and in that schedule it shows that we had $10.4 million of profit sharing contingent commissions which is about $700,000 more than the $9.7 million that we received last year in the third quarter. Our best estimate of the profit sharing contingent commissions that we will receive in the fourth quarter of this year is estimated at about $1 million right now. Now, if you exclude the effects of the profit sharing contingent commissions and the small books of business that we sold that were in the numbers from last year or about $500,000 our total core commissions and fees for the quarter shrunk by .4% or $844,000. However, within that net number was $11.3 million of acquired revenues so that means that we had $12.1 million less of commissions and fees on the same store sales basis and hence the 5.2 percentage points negative internal growth. As the internal growth schedule indicates, 98% of that negative growth really was a broad based impact from our retail operations. Now, two quick points that I just want to make about the internal growth schedule is one that you know that when we buy a book of business from a producer or an agency, we exclude that from any of the revenue calculations and if we end up having a producer comes that brings a book of business, that is also considered acquired revenues and we exclude that. The second point is that the last two quarters Proctor Financial had a very strong revenue base and it started in the fourth quarter of last year. This year fourth quarter for them we probably expect them to be down about $2.5 million from the big quarter they had in the fourth quarter of 08 so I just want you to realize that when you project out their internal growth for the fourth quarter. So, leaving that area Jim and Powell will end up talking about each of the specific divisions in a moment. Our investment income decreased by $1.1 million which was primarily due to substantially lower interest rates on our short term money market accounts. We also had about $575,000 of other income which is really just primarily the miscellaneous rental and other income, very little sales of books of business. Jumping back down to the pre-tax income line our pre-tax margin for the third quarter of 09 was 27.7% compared with the prior year margin of 27.2% which was an improvement of .5 percentage points. This is an outstanding accomplishment of our profit center leaders that show an improvement in our margin in the face of the continuing strong headwinds of our lower client exposure units due to the economic downturn and the continued reduction in insurance rates.  In the current quarter employee compensation benefits decreased by .4 percentage points to 49.1% of total revenues. The total dollar decrease in employee compensation and benefits was an aggregate $2.6 million. However $2.7 million of this aggregate total was attributable to just the standalone acquisitions since last year. Therefore, if you look at just the same store sales basis which also includes roll in acquisitions, but if you look at just those offices excluding that we actually had reduced employee compensation benefits of $5.3 million of which approximately $4 million came from employee compensation and $1.2 million came from a positive adjustment to our self funded medical fund. Our non-cash stock based compensation costs was $1.7 million in the third quarter which is consistent with the estimated cost of the last few quarters. In the current quarter our other operating expenses decreased by .1 percentage points to 14.6% of total revenues. The total dollar decrease in the other operating expenses was $900,000. However, $700,000 aggregate was attributable to just those standalone acquisitions. Therefore, on a comparable same store sales basis those offices had an aggregate of other operating expenses of approximately $1.6 million of which most was attributable to lower T&E expenses, reduced bad debt expenses and lower operating supplies and fees. Moving to amortization and depreciation on a combined basis that increased only $200,000 and thats due to a lower number of acquisitions that occurred in the last 12 months. Our interest expense is consistent with the expected quarterly expense of about $3.6 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to continue to run at about 39.3% which is similar to last years. The trends for the third quarter pretty much are consistent with what happened in the nine months year-to-date and with such I just want to say that the earnings for the nine month period was down $4.6 million to $213.7 million and that was primarily due to $4.3 million in less profit sharing contingent commissions for that nine month period. Therefore, our net income for the nine month period was $0.91 or 3.2% down from the $0.94 we earned in the last quarter of last year. Two other points that we would like to make is one, we did extend our $200 million uncommitted credit facility with Prudential Insurance Company at essentially the same terms and conditions and that goes for another three years from here. Then lastly, I know a lot of you were kind of taken for a loop on the number of shares that are listed in the EPS calculation and that basically came about because of the new GAAP rule FAS B128. The bottom line is that there really is no change in the number of shares we have outstanding. It was brought about because of our PSP shares. We have 141 million shares, roughly 141 to 142 million shares that we pay dividends on and have the ability to vote. Of that 141 million shares 5.1 million are PSP shares, that represents about 3.6% of those total shares. This new rule basically says that those 5.1 million shares should not be listed in the basic diluted share count or the fully diluted. However, the earnings per share is the same as it always has been because you have to pro rate the earnings, the $41 million and only take 96.5% of that earnings that is attributable to the 136 million shares and thats how you get the $0.29. So, it is another convoluted GAAP rule that just takes a second to kind of understand on a go forward basis. The main thing for you all to kind of remember is that we basically have about 5.1 million PSP shares that have met the first price target and will not be vested until sometimes over the next 15 years when they meet the service requirements. So, thats the technical side and hopefully that explains that 136. With that overview Ill turn it over to Powell.
J. Powell Brown : Id like to start with Florida retail down 12.5% versus 8.6% in Q2 starting in Northeast Florida and Jacksonville property rates, GL rates and auto rates are flat to down 10% with exposure units down 15% to 20%. In the construction areas specifically GL rates are down 20% to 30%, auto rates are flat to down 10% and in those construction exposures they are down 30% to 50%. Daytona Beach area properties down 15, GL is down 10%, auto is down 10%, exposure units for GL and work comp are down 20% to 40%. Thats non-construction. Construction GL rates are down 15% to 20%, auto rates are down 10%, GL construction exposures are down 50%, work comp payrolls are down 10% to 40%.  Southeast Florida going down the coast to West Palm and Fort Lauderdale, property is flat to down 5%, GL is flat down to 15%, auto is down 5% to 10% and exposure units are down 10% to 25%, thats non-construction. In construction area general liability and auto rates are down 5% to 10% with exposure units, payrolls down 20% to 70%. Southwest Florida Naples and Fort Myers property is really flat to down 5%, general liability and auto down 7% to 10% on rates. Payrolls which have already been greatly depressed in Southwest Florida are down 5% plus; thats non-construction. In the construction area rates are down 5% to 10% with payrolls down 15% to 20%.  Moving up the coast to the Tampa area property rates are down 10% to 20%, GL is down 5% to 10% and auto rates are flat to down 10%, exposure units down 10% to 15% in other than construction. In the construction area rates are flat to down 10% specifically exposure units down 10% to 20% and even 30% in the construction lines. Moving to the center part of the state in Orlando, rates are flat to down 5% and exposure units are down 5% to 15%. In the construction area rates are generally flat with exposure units down 10% to 30%.  National retail down 4.7% versus 5.6%. Well start in the Northeast in the Rochester Syracuse area. Rates are generally flat, property GL and automobile with exposure units down 2% to 7%. In the construction area rates are also flat with exposure units down 5% to maybe 15%. In and around the New York City area Garden City and then on the Island property rates, GL and auto rates are flat to down 5%, exposures units are flat to down 20%. In the construction area rates are down 10% to 20% with exposure units down somewhere between 5% and 20% in construction.  In the Connecticut area in Hartford, rates are generally flat with exposure units down 5% to 15%. Moving down to New Jersey property rates are flat, GL and auto are down 5% to 10%, exposure units except in workers compensation are generally flat. Work comp and payrolls are down 10% plus. Very aggressive use of schedule credits in the work comp area in the State of New Jersey. In construction GL rates are down 5% to 10%, auto rates are down slightly, payrolls are down 10% to 20% in the New Jersey area.  Coming down the eastern seaboard in to Virginia rates are generally flat to down 5% but exposure units are down 5% to 10%. Further south in South Carolina, property rates are down flat to down 5%, GL flat to down 5%, auto down 5% to 10%, exposure units are typically down 5% to 20%. In Georgia rates and property GL and worker comp are flat, automobile right out of the box down 15% to 18%, very competitive there. Exposure units are down 15% to 20% across the board including the construction areas but automobile is really the one that is under intense pressure in Georgia. Going west in to Louisiana, rates are generally flat to down maybe 10% in general liability, exposure units are down 5% to 10% because the oil patch, construction accounts are very similar in Louisiana. Moving North in to the Midwest and Michigan, rates are generally flat to off 10% depending on line of coverage, exposure units are down 10% to 15%. Construction rates are flat in Michigan yet exposure units are down 20% to 50%. The cash for clunkers had a bump in the month that it was going on but the next month there was a significant slowdown and were not seeing much stimulus money in the state of Michigan from the construction standpoint.  In western retail were down 12% over 14.8% in Q2 and well start in Seattle Washington where rates continue to be flat with exposures down slightly maybe 5% and in the construction area exposure units are down 10%. Down the cost in to Portland Oregon, rates are flat to down 10% with exposure units down somewhere between 5% and 12% except in construction. Construction rates are flat but exposure units are down 30% to 40%.  In Northern California and Nevada, rates tend to be fairly flat but exposure units are down 10% to 20%. If you move in to Southern California property, GL, auto and work comp is somewhere between flat and down 10% with exposure units down 5% to 20%. In the construction area rates can be flat to down 15% with exposure units down 5% to 30%. Going in to the Las Vegas area rates are generally flat including construction but exposure units are down 20% plus in all non construction lines and construction lines down 30% and 40%.  In Phoenix Arizona, the property rates are flat with GL and auto down 5% to 15%, exposure units in non construction would be down 5% to 10%. Its very competitive in the work comp environment with scheduled credits used to deviate from rates up to 25%. In the construction area in Phoenix rates are down 5% to 10% but exposure units are down 10% to 30%. In Denver, Colorado property rates, all rates actually are down 5% to 10% except automobile and exposure units are down 5% to 15%. Thats including construction. Finally, in to Houston Texas, coastal property there is generally flat to up slightly, maybe 5% to 10%, GL rates, auto rates and work comp rates are down 5% to 20% and generally all exposure units across the board including construction are down 20% plus. I would like to point out that all of my comments relative to construction do not include bankrupt or out of business clients. These are existing clients that we see with compressed sales themselves or payrolls. Finally, relative to employee benefits, Countrywide as a general statement small group accounts start out of the box with rates up 5% to 12% and large groups are up 6% to 14% or more on average. However, the number of insured lives is going down typically and theres lots of changes and deductibles and plan designs which bring down the overall increases substantially.  With that said, Id like to turn it over to Jim for programs, services, wholesale and M&A.
Jim W. Henderson : With respect to the brokerage division the quarter reflected a slight improvement in the net organic revenue challenge in that division. For the quarter the negative organic growth was 5.4%. This is a trend from 7.5% in the second quarter, 8.5% in the first quarter and some 14.6% in 2008. This unit has the headwinds of the economy rates and also business that would vacate over to the direct markets. I recently attended the NAPSLO conference in Orlando. Some general comments by the carriers there include that they continue to lose business to the primary writers. The economy is the biggest drag and challenge on their premium growth. Premium writings for many companies we talked to are down anywhere from 9% to 10% for 2009. This is an improvement over their experience of some 14.5% for 2008. Some of the carriers have unused property CAT aggregates and have been more aggressive on a select basis for certain coastal property. In this environment we find it very advantageous to develop strong relationships with the new aggressive markets, managing our expenses down and certainly bring in the new talent as available in this market.  Next, in turning to the program and services division, this unit again turned out a great performance on organic growth. Most of the units in this division produced both top line growth and improvements in operating profits. Id like to pay special recognition to several units including [Paul Glance] and his team at Proctor for continuing to beat budget and prior year performance numbers. In [inaudible] insurance Ken Masters and [Len Johnson] for their ability to increase the bottom line numbers by some 6% in light of a 2% top line challenge. Linda Downs and Susan Heath in our longstanding dental program where they had a 6% organic growth and a 9% increase in profits. With respect to our M&A activity, we continue to be challenged by the uncertainty on the revenues which obviously impacts the value significantly. The number of reduced deals, M&A deals for Brown & Brown for 2009 is reflective of the agents and brokers industry. For 2009 the announced M&A deals for the industry stands at 170. This compares to some 264 or a 31% reduction in 09 versus 08. To add some color in terms of the impact of top line bottom line, we looked at a particular deal. Revenue trending was down about 10%, when you take this 10% top line that number falling through resulting in a 30% margin shrinking to a 20%. Suddenly youve got not 10% but a 33 1/3% reduction in value. On this basis its difficult to establish value with a seller. This disparity causes a seller to postpone the transaction until there is less volatility. We feel that with a better economic condition and market pricing that we seem to be heading in to, we believe that the M&A deal activity will return to historic levels. In addition to the current favorable tax environment, there are many of the baby boomer owners in the industry that will need a liquidating event within the next few years and Brown & Brown is well positioned to capitalize on this unique opportunity.  My last comments really stemming from our attendance of the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers Conference, this is a meeting of some 40 or 50 carriers that we have during this event. Mostly carriers reported relatively flat or moderate decrease in pricing. When you dig in to that question it turns out this is really on their renewal business and in fact their retention rates have somewhat suffered to achieve this price stability. With respect to their new business, the pricing tends to be more aggressive on new business versus the renewals when measure on exposure unit basis and comments that their margins are less on the renewal business.  The weak economy is the biggest factor driving their reduction in premiums as well. The primary carriers, their loss ratios for 2009 are reporting at a higher combined than their reinsureds combined to less CATS actually penetrating layers going to the reinsureds. Some carriers are reporting that theyre experiencing an increase in severity of claim losses and have special concerns regarding their workers compensation books of business.  Additional conditions are being offered on certain classes of business including professional liability, non-public D&O, EPL, [inaudible] machinery. So, in this environment weve always done well in aggressive market pricing on new business, both on new and protecting our renewals. Were certainly asking for more commissions and we tend to exclude workers compensation from our profit sharing agreements.  These comments, this is a [inaudible] weve been through before. We feel very confident in our game plan to move forward. With that, Ill turn it back over to Powell.
J. Powell Brown : In conclusion Id like to say that our business is a reflection of the broad market economy. Our carriers both national and regional that we work with are doing everything in their power to retain their renewals and thus a very competitive pricing environment. We continue as a group to write lots of new business and retain our existing clients and yet the shrinkage of exposure units and rate decreases impact our ability to grow organically. However, in light of this we continue to be stronger today and as a result of this as the economy improves well be stronger tomorrow. We are continuing to hire new people in production and invest in our future. We believe that the real difference, and Cory alluded to this earlier, if you look at our earnings between now year-to-date and last year year-to-date, is really about the $5 million of contingencies that we didnt receive this year that we did last year. Finally, I would say that we look for much of the same in to the middle of 2010. With those comments, operator I would like to turn it back over to you and well open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Grasher  Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  A few questions, first of all on cancel and rewrites can you talk about any change in volume that maybe is occurring there?
J. Powell Brown : No, we havent seen any significant change in cancel and rewrites. I know we talked a little bit about that last quarter particularly in certain areas i.e. Southern California but we have not seen this quarter a significant uptick in cancel and rewrites. 
Michael Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Would you actually say its actually I guess moving the other direction at this point?
J. Powell Brown : That may be a matter of perspective. We dont hear a lot about cancel and rewrites other than the normal course of business and so therefore policies are just occurring and expiring on the normal expiration date. So, I dont know if I would say its moving in the other direction I think Id just say its more normal. 
Michael Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Then just thinking about your commentary around exposures and rates and a lot of it being down for the most part, if you strip away that aspect of your revenue, your commission line and just think about the business that gets generated through new small business development or the lack thereof in this environment, how much would you say that your organic growth is suffering from that aspect of it alone or have you really thought about that?
J. Powell Brown : Im going to answer the question a little differently and tell me if this addresses your question. We have said that we believe that two thirds to three quarters of the negative down draft in our business is directly a result of the economy or shrinking exposure units. The other component would be rate decreases so if you look at that, we call that the double whammy. So, depending on where you are in the country to your point, you go in to a place like Las Vegas, small business, meaning accounts that are written under $25,000 or $30,000 of premium are under incredible pressure and when I say pressure Im not talking about existing theyre just going out of business as just an example. But, we as a group as I said in our concluding comments, continue to write lots of new business but its hard to fill the hole in when youve got the double whammy. If you were going to take the economy out of the question, which you cannot, we would tell you that this period of time right now seems to look like 1998 and 1999. That was in a period of time where there was a gradual decline of rates, I believe if my recollection is correct, of somewhere between 4% and 7%. Exposure units right now if you believe the averages are down around 6% and if the economy is flat to up in that environment, which it was in 98 and 99, we grow organically. But when you have the shrinking exposure unit and shrinking rates its very difficult to grow organically. Does that answer your question?
Michael Grasher  Piper Jaffray: I think for the most part it does. In terms of the shrinking exposure youre just considering the existing small businesses out there I believe and what Im speaking to is just sort of the lack of new small businesses being generated, new business ideas, new companies being established.
Cory T. Walker : The impact on the economy for that is certainly well published. With respect to perhaps if you look at the same store new unit sales are relatively the same for last year and this year, this including the fact that perhaps there is less inventory out there but our people tend to do and have been doing a great job of finding new opportunities there on new new business to bring in. So, the new businesses is of lesser pricing than before but the number of units are relatively the same on a per store basis.
J. Powell Brown : If I could also point one thing out, our average new piece of business written over the last four years is somewhere between $11,000 and $12,000 in commissions. So it might be a little larger than what you are talking about although its still truly middle market business. We write start ups and we write very large accounts in the United States but the average is $11,000 to $12,000 in commissions.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Alexander  JP Morgan.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: I was wondering if you could talk about the deceleration in the special programs business in the quarter? The trends there and how you describe your outlook? I know that you gave some guidance earlier but can you just talk a little bit more about that?
Cory T. Walker : The activity there really has been driven by Proctor Financial is the most significant movement of numbers both the increase experience in to last year and the first part of this year and the reduction this quarter which we gave some guidance on in the previous quarter. So, that unit is involved in the forced place business for financial institutions enjoyed an upsurge because of the [RICO] activity. That has in fact kind of flattened, there is still growth there but not at the rate experienced in the first two quarters. On a go forward basis we do expect some continued pressure on growth there. In the division itself we still expect to be positive organic but certainly not at the growth rate for the first two quarters.
J. Powell Brown : If you look at year-to-date on the special programs we grew essentially if you take Proctor out it was essentially flat. So, a little bit of that comment that I made earlier about the fourth quarter when you start comparing the fourth quarter last year to what proctor would be more flattish on the fourth quarter this year theyll lose about 2.5 so it could actually dip in to  that could be a negative growth in the next quarter. Then of course, youve got a big quarter in the first quarter and the second quarter for Proctor so just take that in to consideration. But, the rest of the special programs on aggregate are basically flat.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: My next question is can you talk about how much of the comp and benefits expense is variable versus fixed? Then, how much of the reduction reflects variable factors versus absolute staffing levels?
J. Powell Brown : Well, I dont think we can give you the specifics there. Out of the $4 million of compensation that I was referring to earlier, probably about $1.6 of that really came from producer compensation which obviously is variable to the reduced premium and commission levels that the agency has. The other about $2.6 million of that really came from just salaried employees and most of that is just coming from normal attrition where our profits and our leaders are trying not to replace people as they try to get a more efficient operation and get their costs in line with the revenue. Thats the breakdown between the variable and the fixed there on the compensation side of it.
Jim W. Henderson : I would only add that there is a variable and that is the producer comp. Secondly, there is a wave of compensation dealing with the fact that our leaders look in, if theyve got less revenue there, that business has not returned, has not grown, then they deal with the fixed side as well and theyve done that. For example, especially in our brokerage unit weve reduced expenses relatively at the same level of revenues in the second and third quarter dealing with the events there. So, Tony Strianese, Mike Reardon, [Bob McGrew], those guys are doing a great job of taking cost out almost at the same level of revenues. 
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: If I could just ask one more questions, in the commentary on the press release you mentioned promising opportunities in regard to employee benefits and M&A, could you just talk about that a bit further?
Jim W. Henderson : Our comment there really stems from what we believe now that there is certainly shaping a better definition of our role going forward with respect to if you look at national healthcare. Theres a lot going on in terms of the [sauces] being made in Washington for sure. But, in at least a couple of different bills there is a defined roll for brokers. Were looking at those avenues where we know that we can add a lot of value to the customers going forward irrespective of what may happen on the national scene. If you look backwards the last six to nine months weve been perhaps a little bit more hesitant to jump in to a benefits agency with all of this activity happening, what will the role be. We feel better about our role today, certainly in certain niches and so are full prepared to readdress opportunities on benefit agencies.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill: I just want to follow up on the benefit agency question, do those tend to have a little bit lower margin than some of your other businesses?
J. Powell Brown : No, they dont they have as a matter of fact, as good or better margins than P&C. Obviously, especially in our system. 
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill: When you say in your system, with the HIPAA requirements and changes that are occurring in benefits and healthcare now do you see additional costs coming in there or do you think you can manage those and keep the margins in line with what youre doing in other segments?
J. Powell Brown : We think we can, yes. This is where certain special niches for example, on very small groups under lets say 15, 20, 25 lives, margins are probably under more pressure. Above that level we have a greater opportunity to provide value and some services, the likes of which you just mentioned and make our margins and a better defined role in terms of value to the buyer.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill: The last question I have, and I missed this if you said it earlier, were there any transactions that were completed during the quarter and how much revenue did those bring in?
Cory T. Walker : Well just for the third quarter weve essentially only had really two transactions that have really amounted to approximately revenues of about $2.5 million. So, very few, the [Canford] and the Roussel acquisitions that we issued press release on.
Jim W. Henderson : Kenneth, its amazing given the number of people we talk to, the number of deals that we probably got to the 11th hour but that just did not close for whatever reason. Underneath those numbers there is a lot of looking, and shopping and talking so anyway were very encouraged by that but we have to get back to a basis under which to better close the valuation gap that were experiencing right now with the seller and what wed like to pay for it.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill: I heard your comment talking about just the decline in the business, how a 10% decline has a much bigger impact on the value proposition to you and thats maybe where youre not able to close that gap. Looking forward would you imagine thats its going to be end of this year or in to next year that some of these companies maybe will be forced to sell if the trends stay the same for the next six to nine months?
Jim W. Henderson : I think as the certainty on pricing and the economy, as it strengthens so too will the close deal activity but is that first or second quarter? It could very well be. I think that will be an evolving event in to next year. There is an outlier as well and thats the capital gains tax that will be sitting out there in 2010 that most likely will disappear at that level in 2011. When we were talking to interested sellers, that is a motivating factor, that is a lot of money left on the table to send to Washington so we think that will probably create some activity in 10, otherwise it may be just kind of waiting to look at options.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eli Fleminger  Stifel Nicolaus. 
Eli Fleminger  Stifel Nicolaus: [Inaudible] loss ratios this year should benefit from the lack of hurricanes, do you expect that to translates in to higher commissions next year or do you think carriers generally view hurricanes as something beyond their control and therefore dont factor in to their calculations?
J. Powell Brown : Well, basically if you make a general statement in years that have lower CATS you could make a general statement that the industry would probably receive higher contingent commission payments. However, as you know its all based on individual office experience and the losses at that local level. So, do they factor it in, when the carriers create a calculation they intend to pay, its a pay for performance type of plan, if it performs well they will pay out under these certain defined criteria. So, in a general statement you would believe in a year that had lower CATS that you could potentially have high contingencies but its all contingent upon the experience at the local level. So, if they had lots of automobile losses, for example, that counter catastrophic losses, then they might not pay out as much.
Eli Fleminger  Stifel Nicolaus: To make sure I understood you said earlier that you expect 2010, right now your outlook for contingencies to be roughly similar to what it is so far in 2009?
J. Powell Brown : We said, and were not economists, wed love for you to tell us what thats going to be like but we think that at least until the middle of next year we see more of the same.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: Could you update us on the environment in Florida and any developments at Citizens and what this means for Brown?
J. Powell Brown : You may know Sarah that effective 11/1 that renewals and new business for 1/1 rates will go up on large properties in excess of $10 million in value up 20%. Then there are rate increases embedded in the small personal lines business as well. We as an organization write approximately $75 million of premium with Citizen in our retail operations and so some of that business will stay with them and the rates will go up. Some of it, depending on its location may move to other markets but obviously the intent of Citizens ultimately is to move back, at least thats our understanding, to what it was intended originally to be which was a market of last resort. By doing so, at some point in the future those rates that go up  now those Sarah that I talked about, there is a 10% rate increase across the board on Citizens business. Theres a 20% rate increase on the very large commercial residential properties which are the condominium complexes specifically. The intent is over the next several years Citizens can raise rates 10% a year on their entire book and at some point in the next several years private markets would come in and potentially take some of the better risks out of Citizens thus depopulating the exposure for the state of Florida.
Sarah Dewitt  Barclays Capital: You mentioned you rate $75 million of premium with Citizens. What would be the impact on the FIU business from the changes?
Jim W. Henderson : It definitely is an opportunity, the question is going to be capacity and that is aligning carriers that are willing to take on the additional coastal exposure which we are very busily working on. The new rate structure does bring in to play an ability to probably align carrier capacity at rates that on select risk they can make money at this new rate structure particularly with this imposed 20% increase. So it is an opportunity, fulfillment is going to be getting the capacity in place which we are busily doing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: In looking at Florida the difference between 2Q and 3Q, how much does a quiet storm season affect your organic growth there?
J. Powell Brown : I dont think the change in Q3 over Q2 is really a function of the quite storm season. Its more as you know Mark that Florida has historically gone through waves, some people might call it boom and bust periods but there are waves in the economic evolution of our state and its one of those down cycles at the present time. As you know, I saw something over the weekend that showed that unemployment in the state had reached 12% and so areas like Fort Myers and Southwest Florida have been poster childs of areas with excess capacity in residential building and yet there are lots of units that are starting to move at certain prices whereas in Southeast Florida we dont see as many units moving. So, although its kind of bumping along here in Florida at the present time, we believe that it to will change and improve in the future. So, its not a function of the storms one way or the other because we still sell a lot of business.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Would you say sequentially its still getting more challenging or are we bumping along the bottom?
J. Powell Brown : Well, I wish we could tell you that. Our instinct is that it would be getting down there towards the bottom but we dont know. We keep doing everything we can to deliver for our clients but when were meeting with them midterm on their accounts, many of them are telling us we just dont have any more projects on the horizon or our sales have not ticked up. Its different by customer base, by location, by industry, by everything but we really dont know. But, we know the one thing about Florida that is good is theres a great deal of resiliency in this economy and we believe it will bounce back but it might just be a while.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Have you shared the distinction within Proctor how much of that is prime versus subprime?
J. Powell Brown : We did last time yes, we talked about that in Q2, we said 20/80, 20% sub 80% prime. 
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Then finally Jim you had talked about you had gotten feedback from many carriers that their pricing on renewals was steady but the new business was competitive. Did you get a sense of how much decline in price there is on those new pieces of business?
J. Powell Brown : Not other than the fact that that gap had widened. They were paying a greater differential out to attract that business and invest in it. I was curious as to why do you do that and they said, Well, were still making money on it were just making less money than we are on renewals. I said, Thats great. Wed love to partner with you. Theyre very aggressive, were probably very cautious in terms of marketing out renewal business. The opportunity though is to hook up with these companies and take business away from others which we are doing.
Operator:  With no additional questions in the queue I will turn the call back over to Mr. Brown for closing remarks.
J. Powell Brown : Thank you all very much for your time and we look forward to talking to you next time. Have a great day.
Operator:  With that, that will conclude your conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Powell Brown - President Cory Walker - CFO, Sr. VP and Treasurer Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Mark Hughes - SunTrust Bank Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Keith Alexander - JP Morgan  John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc. Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc. Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney Beth Malone - Wunderlich Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown, Inc. earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect your current views with respect to future events including financial performance. Such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors including those risks and uncertainties. A discussion of these and other factors affecting the companys business and prospects are contained in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  With that said, Ill now turn the call over to Mr. Powell Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
J. Powell Brown :  Thank you David, and good morning everyone. Q2 was another interesting quarter. The economy continues to have the biggest impact on our numbers and rates are under pressure all over and all around the country as we continue to watch Washington DC with great interest relative to health care reform. Today, Jim, Cory, and I are in Troy, Michigan at Proctor Financial for our quarterly board meeting and Jim will discuss Proctors success later in the call but now on to Cory.
Cory Walker : Thanks, Powell. Our net income for the second quarter was $40.7 million which was slightly up from the second quarter of last year where we earned $40.4 million and of course our earnings per share for both quarters was $0.29.  From a revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 2.4% or $5.8 million to $244.6 million. Now thats up from the $238.8 million we earned last year in the second quarter. Included in the press release is our internal growth schedule and in that schedule youll see that we had $6.8 million of profit sharing contingency commissions in the second quarter of 09 and thats up $1.4 million from what we earned in the second quarter of last year.  For the rest of the year we estimate in the third quarter of 09 that well probably earn somewhere between $8 million to $9 million of profit sharing contingent commissions and it will probably only earn about $1 million in the fourth quarter. Again, those are just current estimates. When you look at the internal growth schedule, our total core commissions and fees for the quarter increased 2.6% or $6 million of total commissions and fees income.  However, within that net number was $17 million of acquired revenue, so that means that we had $11 million of less commissions and fees on a same store sales basis and hence a negative 4.7% internal growth. As the schedule indicates, the vast majority of the negative growth is still broad based impact primarily from our retail and wholesale operations.  Now moving onto our investment income, it decreased by $1.4 million and thats primarily due to substantially lower interest rates that were earning on our short term money market accounts. Our other income we had $1.3 million which is primarily gains from the sales of a few books of businesses that we had during the quarter. Looking down at our expenses and our pre-tax margins to start with, our pre-tax profit margin for the second quarter of 09 was 27.2%. Now thats compared to prior year second quarter margin of 27.6% so we actually had a slight reduction of 40 basis points.  As weve mentioned on previously quarterly conference calls, as long as we remain in a soft cycle and a weak economy that creates this negative internal growth, our margins will continue to compress a little bit, but youll notice that this particular quarter, our margin compression is less than it has been in really any quarter of the last two years.  In the current quarter our employee compensation and benefits decreased marginally 10 basis points to 49.8% of total revenues. The total dollar increase in the total employee compensation and benefits was an aggregate of $2.1 million but within that number, $5.1 million was attributable just to the standalone acquisitions that weve done since last year, so when you pull that out and you look at just the other offices that were here last year including any fold in acquisitions they may have had, they had an aggregate reduction of employee compensation benefits of $3 million of which approximately $2 million actually came from employee compensation, commissions, and bonuses and another $1 million came from a positive adjustment to our self-funded medical plan.  Our non-cash stock based compensation costs was $1.7 million in the second quarter of 09 which is consistent with the estimated cost over the last few quarters.  Moving to our other operating expenses, they increased 30 basis points to 14.5% of total revenues in the second quarter of 09 and the total dollar increase in other operating expenses was $1.2 million. However, again, $1.5 million of this aggregate total was attributable to the new standalone acquisitions since last year and therefore when you look at just the same store sales basis including those fold in acquisitions, those particular offices had a net reduction of their other operating expenses of about $300,000, the majority of which really is probably just lower T&E. Amortization and depreciation expense on a combined basis increased approximately $1.1 million and thats just due to the number of acquisitions weve had over the last 12 months. Interest expense has been consistent with the expected quarterly expense of about $3.6 million. Additionally, our tax rate for the quarter was 39.3% which is really similar to prior years effective tax rate and no real changes there.  On a six month basis, the trends are really the same. We talked about first quarter last time and I just gave you the changes for this quarter, and so really just end with the fact that for the six month year-to-date we ended up with $0.63 earnings per share which is a 3.1% decrease from the $0.65 we earned for the six months in 08. So with that overview, Ill turn it back to Powell.
J. Powell Brown : Thank you Cory. Great report. Id like to talk about Florida retail now. It had negative 8.5% internal growth versus 11.6% negative in Q1 starting a little bit around the state. In Jacksonville rates were flat to down 20%. Exposures down 5% to 25%. Daytona Beach, property flat to down 10%, GL rates down 5% to 10% and auto liability down 10% to 25%. Exposures are typically down 10% to 20%. In the construction area, job [widths] are bare with many contractors after September. Non-construction payrolls are down 10% to 20%. Brevard, very similar to Daytona Beach. Ft. Lauderdale and West Palm Beach in Southeast Florida, property rates are flat to down 5%. GL rates are 5% to 10% down. Auto is down 5% to 15%. Exposures on all those lines are down 5% to 15%. In construction, rates are flat but exposures are down 25% plus. Southwest Florida and Naples, the market continues to be very, very aggressive on new business. Exposures are down slightly on renewal business.  In the Tampa Bay area, exposures are down 10% plus. Property is flat to down 10%. General liability rates are down 0% to 20%. Payrolls on workers compensation is down 5% to 15%. Any type of residential builder obviously in Florida, exposures are down huge if theyre still in business.  In the Orlando area, commercial construction meaning general contractors, exposures are down 30% plus. Rates are flat. Rates on non-construction GL and auto are flat to down 5%.  In the center part of the state, general liability is flat to down 5% with exposures down 5% to 25%. Up in the panhandle, rates are similar, flat to down 5% and exposures are down 10% plus. On a national retail basis, we were down 5.6% internal growth versus negative 5.8% in Q1. Starting in the northeast, upstate New York, youll hear that most carriers are trying to get slight increases on their package business up 1% to 5%. Thats where they start. That doesnt mean thats where it ends but thats what theyre trying to get. In Rochester property GL, auto, and work comp is flat. Exposures tend to be somewhat flat as well except in the construction area where exposures are down 10% to 20%. In Syracuse, property, GL, and auto also flat with exposures down a little bit more, 5% to 8% down and the commercial construction rates, GL, are up ever so slightly just a couple of percentage points.  Right outside New York City, Garden City area, property is down 0% to 5%. GL, auto, and work comp rates are flat to down 10%. Exposures other than construction were down 0% to 20% but commercial construction is down at least 20% to 50%.  In that construction in and around the city, you can have exposures up slightly to down 50 as I said and Garden City, but also rates could be down 10% or even a little more. In New Jersey, Forum Park area, overall rates are down 8% to 10%. GL, auto, down typically 5%. Work comp down at least 10%. Exposure units are flat except in construction which are down probably 10% plus.  Down on the coast of Jersey, Marmora area, property and general liability rates are down 0% to 10%. Automobile rates are typically flat. Exposures are down 5% to 20% and GL, auto, and workers compensation. Contractors, everybody is converting to a paper general contractor until the work comes back. Obviously on the automobile fleets were starting to see in this area people take lots of units off their schedules until their business comes back. In Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, rats are down 5% to 10%. Every once in a while well see one, a random one off go down 25% or 30% in terms of rates. Packages generally are typically down more than 10%. Work comp is not as aggressive as it has been and for the first time in a while, quite some time, were seeing a large social service account in New York City with losses that no standard market will quote. That means it has to go ENS. In the most recent past theres been at least one or two standard markets that would pretty much quote any account. In Manassas, Virginia, property, GL, and auto rates are down. They are either flat to down 10%. Exposure units are down 20% to 40% in all lines except contractors which could be down substantially more than that. Coming down the coast south to Atlanta, property, GL, auto, and work comp rates are flat. Contractors, general liability, and auto liability rates are down 15% to 20%. Exposures in those lines of business are down 5% to 10% except the construction which is down 25% to 40%. In Greenville, South Carolina, very competitive renewals. General liability and auto rates are down 15% to 20% while exposures are down 5%. Work comp, not uncommon to see additional 10% plus scheduled credits put onto existing accounts. New general liability and automobile rates are down 25% to 30% off of expiring. In the Midwest, in the Chicagoland area, construction exposures are down 10% to 20%. GL and work comp rates are very soft. Auto is flattish. Here in the Michigan area, rates are down 15% to 20% with exposures down 10% to 30%. Unemployment here is currently at 15.2% and depending on who participates or whos counted in that unemployment number, it can go as high as 22.5%.  In the center part of the country, accounts over $100,000 in premiums, you can make the general statement, are down 20% plus. Accounts under $100,000 in premium are somewhat flat and accounts under $50,000, theyre looking for slight increases. Exposures, contractors are down 25% to 40%. Manufacturers are down 10% to 15% and retail is 20% to 30% down. The regional carriers are going great guns in Arkansas. Thats going to be a common theme youll hear about regional carriers around the country continuing to be very, very, very competitive. In Louisiana, specifically Lafayette, Louisiana, Tier 1 property, that would be south of I-10, continues to firm up. Property north of I-10 continues to be otherwise very competitive. GL and work comp are soft. Automobile rates are holding flat. Exposure units in GL and work comp are down 10% to 30%. In the Houston, Texas area, property rates are flat in Tier 1 and Tier 2. Away from the coast it continues to be very competitive. GL and comp are very competitive, down 5% to 10%, maybe even 15%. Automobile rates are flat. Exposure units there are typically down 20% plus.  In western retail, we were down 14.8% internally in Q2 versus 15.9% in Q1. Denver, rates are down 5% to 10% in property, GL, auto, and work comp. Exposure units are down 5% to 20%. Regional carriers continue to be very competitive in the Denver area. In Las Vegas, property and auto are flat. General liability rates are down 0% to 15% and work comp more and more scheduled credits on the comp programs today. Exposure units are typically down 20% to 40% except for construction where construction as we all know in Vegas is way down. Its not uncommon to have half the vehicles taken off an automobile schedule and workers compensation, payroll is down 30% to 70%. In Phoenix, property, general liability, and automobile rates are down 7% to 8% plus. Workers compensation rates are down 10% plus. Exposures on other than construction are down 20% to 30% in the Phoenix area. Contractor exposures are down at least 50%. In Southern California, in Orange, property and general liability rates are flat to down 20%. Automobile, on a clean automobile account, rates would be down 5% to 25%. Work comp rates are up 5% to down 25% while exposure units in GL and work comp are down 15% to 30%. Automobile exposures seem to be flattish. Contractors down 25% plus. In Santa Barbara, California, were seeing some mid-term negotiations on property renewals. GL rates are flat and auto is down 5% to 10%. Exposure units are typically down 0% to 25%. In Portland, Oregon, property is down 3% to 5%. General liability and auto liability rates are down 5% to 10% while exposures are down 10% to 20%.  Finally, Seattle property is up about 10% on tribal business. General liability and auto is flat to down. Renewals across the board there are flat and the economy is beginning to slow down. From an employee benefit standpoint, when clients get done modifying programs, rates tend to go up between 5% and 15% nationally while exposures are down, either theyre flat to down 25%.  So with that Id like to now turn it over to Jim Henderson.
Jim Henderson: Thank you Powell and good morning everyone. Greetings from Troy, Michigan. Were here today, as Powell mentioned, our board is arriving within the next hour plus Hyatt and all the board members are meeting here. Its part of a continuing tradition we have of taking our board out to different profit centers and let them really see what happens at the ground level with respect to our operations.  Id like to review with you the highlights of our non-retail of the divisions for programs, brokerage, and services, as well as giving up data on our M&A activity. The programs division continued stellar performance in the second quarter. A very special thank you and recognition to Linda Downs and to Ken Masters, two of our senior leaders that heads up those divisions.  We had positive organic growth in all programs of 9.7%. It was 12.3% for the special programs and 2.1% for the professional. Special recognition certainly for Procter Financial. They continued a great performance. Procter provides insurance and services for banks and principally for mortgage [force] place coverage. Their increase in revenue is a result of new business theyve written as well as increased exposure units on existing customers, resulting from the current mortgage environment. The other programs Id like to recognize as well as far as growth. FIU, our condominium facility in Florida, had organic revenue increase in the first six months of the year and the second quarter. We do have some good news and some less good news there. The good news is we are looking at some rate increases in Florida, able to write on to those increases thats been announced by Citizens that is a competitive writer. Therefore we do get the advantage of writing those rates up with Citizens. We are looking however that arranging capacity principally in the tri-county area of Florida is a tough play currently. Were not looking at an increase perhaps even a reduction in capacity in the tri-county. There is also increase for the re-insurance cost for coastal property as well for the year.  Another program that produced organic growth was CalSurance. Their [lancer] claims unit, theyre involved in providing professional products to securities dealers and agents and generating additional revenues both unfortunately on claims but also on the placement and pricing of the coverage. Our national dental plan also produced organic growth with new distribution partner and new sales. Axiom Re which is our [facultated] facility on new sales and some rate improvement was able to generate growth.  Id like to offer special recognition to two of our public entity units. Appex which is a placement facility for public entity business as well as our operation in Ephrata, Washington that handles placement of public entity trust business and management of that business in the State of Washington and had a great quarter and great six months. Sigma Underwriters is really part of the whole operation. Its an underwriting facility. Also in our brokerage operation, John Traver and his team did a great job in growing revenues of the first six months.  So in summing up for programs, we are very fortunate to have this type of business unit in our company. It is smaller ticket items and frankly has weathered better than the retail side in dealing with the economy and also with price changes. For the next six months, quarter three and quarter four, were forecasting really moderate organic growth to flat in programs for the balance of the year. The next division is the brokerage unit. Tony Strianese and Mike Reardon, the two senior leaders that heads up their respective units on binding authority and transactional, continue to do an outstanding job in probably an area of business that has the most headwind. Brokerage business in addition to the economy and pricing has a third headwind that is business that vacates E&S lines and moves over to the standard market.  That being said, there is a positive trend if you will in this organic challenge, the negative organic growth we have. For the quarter, it was 7.5% comparison to same quarter for 2008, that organic reduction was 13.9. So if you will the reduction is lessening over time. Its been some three years since weve had organic growth in brokerage. This is a more cyclical, more volatile pricing area then retail and were pleased to see that were beginning to close that gap back towards perhaps either flat and certainly look forward to organic growth in this division. Theres a lot of great things though inside of these numbers in brokerage and that is that the cost containment if you will, the reduction in cost, and the improvements in margins with smaller revenues is a great feat for the leadership team there. With respect to pricing, we are seeing rate improvement in coastal property, [emmon] property continues to be very, very competitive. Some of those competitive lines are continuing to be auto and low risk primary casualty. We believe that the E&S companies are a bit more disciplined on pricing than the primary companies but in fact if the business vacates and goes over the primary market then were still losing revenue under that scenario. The economic impact is also felt obviously in the brokerage area. Our submission activity in the brokerage operation actually has increased compared to the previous year and previous quarters. However, the submissions to binding is significantly down so were looking at a lot more risk to in fact write the risks that were writing. Exposure units continue to erode in brokerage anywhere from flat to 30% and not just in contractors but in service industry, bars, taverns, restaurants as well and the standards market as I mentioned continues to be very aggressive in writing business away from the E&S markets.  In the services division, Sam Boone and his leadership team continues their excellent performance and yielded a positive organic growth in the second quarter of 3.5%. This team we believe will continue to deliver moderate organic growth on a forward basis. Now turning to talk about M&A activity, the closed deal activity for the first six months of 2009 was 7 deals and $17.6 million in revenue. This is less than a very, very active period we had in 2008 and our historical six months numbers are about $40 million to $45 million. Although the closings are less than last year, the offerings and the sales interest remains brisk and encouraging to us. We feel the most significant cause that weve experienced in the delays in closing is reality of the reduced pricing for the businesses caused by less revenues and earnings. If an agency loses perhaps maybe 10% of its revenues, in fact it may lose anywhere from 35% to 40% of its operating profit and therefore obviously affecting the price. The sellers are very concerned about the tax environment. There were some proposed changes on capital gains. This is causing interest as well and I think that the reality of pricing. They are what they are. The deal count will return to more normal levels. We looked at some deals in 2009 that simply went back on the shelf. The owners decided we want to see perhaps if rate improvement or the economy will result in better performance and a better price. Im not sure if thats going to happen soon enough for them and we feel that well have a chance to probably look at those deals on a forward basis. In the meantime we continue to accrete cash. We will hold it and use it for the really the best opportunities where were not taking an inordinate risk on purchasing an entity where in fact where the revenues may be falling. So with those comments, Ill turn it back to Powell for wrap up and then for Q&A.
J. Powell Brown : Thank you, Jim. A great report. In conclusion, the economy continues to deteriorate in certain places around the country obviously. New business continues to be very, very competitive regardless of region. Regional carriers are driving price decreases. Employee benefits reform is obviously front and center and we look for much of the same throughout the rest of 2009.  With that said, David, well turn it back over to you for Q&A. 
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Hughes - SunTrust Bank.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Bank: Thank you very much. Following up on your final commentary there about regional carriers driving price decreases, could you give a sense of just an overall discipline of the carriers, including the national carriers? Whats your sense of where we stand today at the start of the third quarter versus say six months ago?
J. Powell Brown: Mark, a couple quick comments. We as a group as you know, weve talked about write a lot of business with regional carriers, and we write a lot with national carriers as an observation, number one.  Number two, there is a bifurcation I think somewhat that is going on right now where carriers are very, very aggressive on new business and are trying to do everything they can to get rate or maintain rate on renewal business. That doesnt mean its occurring, but that is what theyre trying to do. In certain parts of the country were starting to hear of carriers that will say No more. We cant go any lower. That doesnt mean there wont be one carrier that can go lower but a group of carriers, so the incumbent and three or four or five carriers will all be bunched up around the same price rates for the said exposures and yet there will be one carrier that would drop it, whatever that is, in that particular part of the country, so is there a significant difference now to six months ago? I dont think theres probably that much difference in the ultimate outcome, but how you get to the ultimate outcome is more difficult in terms of negotiating that rate decrease or with the incumbent or with the new carrier because people are less apt to push it down on renewals. Thats number one. Number two, one thing that we hear around the country from our team is that lots of people talk about, meaning outside of our business, a propose change in rates with carriers because some of the carriers did not have as good a year last year as you would hope they might, and therefore there would be upward pressure on those rates and yet we haven't seen anything to really indicate that other than coastal property.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Bank: Thank you. How about if the acquisition pace continues to be pretty modest here, will you get a bit more aggressive on your investments or look more to buy back shares?
J. Powell Brown: No. Mark, as we said, we have not historically, we have not ever done a stock buy back and we havent really looked at that now, but obviously were looking to allocate our capital with good acquisitions and we believe that there will continue to be good acquisitions but there has been a slight lull and we think that will come around. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson - Citadel. 
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: You guys have done a great job of offsetting the environmental headwinds in retaining as much margin as possible. But I guess the question is if the environment, whether its units or rate per unit, isnt about to turn around any time in the near term, what levers are left to pull to sort of offset future margin degradation?
J. Powell Brown: The obvious question really is the ability to write additional new business so obviously you want to do everything you can to retain your existing business with your good clients, meaning all of your clients, and do your very best in terms of writing new business. But relative to additional levers that we havent pulled or to think that we have some secret extra thing that we can draw on, theres no secret extra thing. Thats the beauty of a decentralized organization. Obviously those decisions are made at a local level as you know in our system and we try to make sure that were appropriately staffed at all times and so we can do what is in the best interest of our clients and to grow our business in a thoughtful manner at that local level. 
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: I guess does that mean that your success to date so far with holding margins at least at a level theyve been havent come from any bigger programs but just sort of individual levels at the local level and I guess really I go back to the question that do we have visibility that if we end up in an environment where its tough to grow organic in 2010 whether its for price or for units, whether or not we can still fight to hold margins flat. I guess thats the more direct question.
J. Powell Brown: The first part of your question is yes, which is it is a local office by office review if you want to call it that and so those individual leaders obviously own their own businesses per se and they constantly and consistently review their needs from a staffing and investment standpoint and so obviously if in fact the rate and economic environment continued into 2010 then those decisions would continue to made at that local level and we believe that will continue to produce the results that we have seen in the past.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: With carrier profitability under pressure easily over the next couple quarters, what should we be thinking about in terms of headwinds and tailwinds for the 2010 contingent?
J. Powell Brown: If you want to make a broad statement, Dan, typically when loss ratios go up as we know they have, meaning last year, and Im not as familiar with first two months or two quarters of 09, but when they go up, contingencies and profit sharing and GFCs typically go down. Thats a very broad statement because we cant tell you how much they go down as a result of that but as a general rule, we would say that. Conversely if profitability went with loss ratios going down, profitability going up substantially in carriers, you could make the same argument that profit sharing should go up but we cant tell you how much it would go up. But to your question, it should go down but we dont know how much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Alexander  JP Morgan. 
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: I just wanted to follow up on that last question about expenses and ask directly, were there any changes to staffing or office levels in the last quarter?
Cory Walker : There was as I had mentioned that for the quarter, employee benefits and compensation went down a total of $3 million and so [inaudible] really did come from staff salary and commissioned producers and a little bit of bonuses but as Powell mentioned, we have no corporate dictate that said, Okay, every office has to put people up against the wall and shoot every fifth one. Theres nothing like that that we ever do. Its all done on a decentralized basis and generally where those cuts are, if somebody retires or leaves, generally the profit center leader as Ive mentioned before in conference calls, generally pull their team together and say, Look, weve got one less person. This is still not a real good environment. Lets see if we cant handle all the business without replacing that person right now and really the teams kind of come together and as Powell mentioned, that is right there the beauty of a decentralized organization and the fact that Brown & Brown has leaders in each one of those offices that are business people and run their own business and we have essentially 180 high quality leaders that make those decisions every day and they dont have to look to the southeast to Daytona and bow at 4:00 in the afternoon and ask what to do. They do it. Thats where the margin stability comes from.
Jim Henderson: I think a little cut on that is that to your question about margins, maybe go back to Dans question as well, is that our leaders, if they lose say $1 revenue, that immediately there is some producer costs that comes out of their cost side. Then there is a lot of execution dealing what about support staff, what about rent, what about other costs in terms of getting that margin back in line and one of the drivers there is in fact those offices are so impacted by their respective profitability and their margin driving their compensation that they are so much on board with you and with us and reshaping that margin. The brokerage area, Id say did that in spades this past year because they had a lot of revenue that disappeared last year, the first part of this year, and it took them really a number of months after that event to redefine many offices and some niches of businesses were in to vacate those that do not produce margins so thats part of the remodeling that goes on to get those margins back in line which they do so well.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Just following up on that, I was wondering if you could comment on customer count and how retention of clients is changing versus a year ago.
J. Powell Brown: What we have seen, we haven't seen any unusual retention changes barring the increased number of bankruptcies, and you cant you cant ignore that. So depending on where you are in the country, if you are in Las Vegas as an example, you hear lots and lots about bankruptcies. In Florida, depending on the class of the business that you write, some offices have more of that than others. So it really is a regional thing but we havent detected or seen anything that would be abnormal relative to retention of existing clients other than bankruptcies impacting that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox with John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Do you have the FIU revenue?
J. Powell Brown: For the quarter, FIUs revenue was almost $4.9 million. [inaudible] last year, same quarter. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Right. Could you talk about canceled rewrites and do you see those running at the same pace, do you see them abating, and just talk about the impact of the economy and the canceled rewrites and what youre seeing there.
Jim Henderson: Thats a very good question and theres an up front hit that you take when you do a cancellation rewrite, so in a quarter that you have lets say exposures disappear, half the premium, that inner half flows into your current quarter revenue stream and there is that up front hit. The impact of that with respect to looking at the trends on the negative organic is pretty difficult to measure.  I think as I mentioned in the past, I saw members particularly on a carrier as to how it hits there because its even more dramatic, so there is some up front when exposures are decreasing dramatically. Theres the returned premiums negative sitting on the top of in fact the reduced revenue base for the [inaudible] itself so it takes really maybe a couple quarters to really shake out what is the ongoing revenue base and decrease with respect to the customer base. Im not sure if that targets there but in a quarter, it can be pretty dramatic. You have to look probably more than one quarter or two quarters to judge whats happening on the revenue shrinkage.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Right. Obviously the reason for my question is that were now in the third quarter at least of a severe downturn in the economy and probably five or six quarters since it started so Im wondering if people are parked in their trucks are letting their payroll heads go. Does that cycle through at some point and we get more to an even comparison.
J. Powell Brown: I think we do but we havent gotten there yet John I dont think. We keep hearing, do Jim and Cory and I hear significantly more about canceled rewrites? I dont think so. I think it would probably be a normal amount. You only heard me say canceled rewrites I think in one area. I referred to that in Santa Barbara, California. But relative to your point which I think is a very good one, we still hear about down on top of down on some of those but I dont think its come through all the way in a 12 month cycle on a contractor or manufacturer. That contractor that had 10 vehicles last year might have 6 of them or 5 of them on the road today. Does that mean next year theyre still going to have 5 or are they going to have 10? We dont know yet because the work list or their job list right now in most parts of the country is not that good into the fourth quarter of this year. So theres kind of a wait and see on that. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: I guess my question is, if they just stayed at 5, youd have better internal growth and during the period of time when they went from 10 to 5. 
J. Powell Brown: Correct, but the question is, does 5 go to 2 or 3 or does it go back up and we just dont know and a lot of those contractors are kind of wondering that same thing.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: I think Jim made a comment about E&S submissions are up but the number of policies that are binding is down. Im just wondering if you could talk about whats the reason for that.
Jim Henderson: I think because the pricing, everyone out there is still looking for reduced pricing and to make sure that any avenue is pursued. We are seeing the account coming in from the retail agent into our wholesale operation for this going up. Were not binding as much and I guess the number one reason would be is that a lot of that business is in fact still moving over to the standard market at reduced price and in fact improved coverages. So we just have to look at a lot more risk. So there is still a very competitive markets out there thats willing to compete with the E&S and standard markets willing to take on new risk that historically may have been pretty much pure E&S so if you take a bar and tavern with higher lets say revenue receipts for liquor, it would be a classic E&S risk but today you can find a standard market that would write that class in certain areas. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: So the agent is shopping it, submitting it to E&S, he finds out the price is still higher in E&S, and he brings it back and writes it in the standard market, is that basically how its working?
Jim Henderson: That would be a very typical scenario. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Fisken with Stephens. 
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: If exposure units in 1Q was a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being bad, what was 2Q?
J. Powell Brown: Can you repeat the question?
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Im just trying to frame up exposure units sequentially. If 1Q for exposure units was a 5, on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being bad, what was 2Q?
J. Powell Brown: I would say its probably 5 depending on the region, could be 6. There could be a trend to the negative in certain places, Nick. There are places that weve talked about that didnt really know about the economic slowdown until Q1. Those places might be certain places in central Texas, Portland, Seattle, Charlotte, things like that, and some of those places its starting to slow down a bit, so thats compounding what was already down in other areas around the country and some of those other areas it may be down even more.
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: We dont get the easy comp until October/November, right?
Jim Henderson: It would be easier, yes. Really the fourth quarter of last year began the more significant downturn cycle. 
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Powell, how would you answer that same question on pricing?
J. Powell Brown: You know Nick, its funny, I would tell you that in all of my calls this year for this time this year, there is a stability in certain instances and yet you have these one-off scenarios where you hear about dramatic decreases and so I dont think thats different than what weve been saying in prior quarters, but I think its just more pronounced in my mind because you kind of expect there to be some flattening across the board and yet you keep hearing about certain markets that continue to press down on rates. I dont think its dramatically different, Nick, but there might be just sort of a feeling or an expectation in your mind that you think, Boy, youd think that there might be some flattening or even maybe slightly up in certain areas but were not seeing that.
Jim Henderson: Nick, I think the E&S companies we were seeing, and this is a very general statement, perhaps more disciplined on their part than the primary writers. Theres still some reduction but not at the same aggressive level as with the primary writers.
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Are you seeing any traumatic changes from the underwriters in reaction to the exposure units falling off the cliff?
J. Powell Brown: Ill tell you what people are trying to do, Nick, and trying and actually doing can be different. What they really want to do is they want to keep the premium flat somehow, someway, which as you know is not really happening. So if your exposures are down 10, is there a way to get a slight lift in the rate to offset that, and the answer is were just not seeing much of that happen. It sounds good in their mind and the intent is there, but typically the rates come down or the rates stay flat and the exposures come down so their overall premiums is down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields -Stifel Nicolaus. 
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Jim, I guess I want to start with a quick question. I dont know if Im reading too much into the comment in the press release that talked about the current economic environment explaining part of the M&A slow down. Is there anything else thats a significant factor or is it just normal lumpiness?
Jim Henderson: I think normal lumpiness, it always is lumpy, but thats really the only factor that there is a little bit of a pause and say, Well, the capital gains, is it this year or is it next year? so weve got a little bit more time. Thats not true for everyone but theres a certain sector where that is very material. But weve had several deals that we like them, wed like to do it, we looked at the volatility of revenue in the last six months last year and going forward and were saying, Look, we would like for you to take additional risk on the pricing. You, the seller, to make this transaction work, because of the forecast and they said, No, we think well just kind of go back and do our thing for a while and wed like to talk to you later. So if theres any common theme out there or single theme that we have encountered really to give you some insight on that activity, theres still a lot of people looking. Theyve got to come up with a game plan. They dont really have an out so we just have to be patient there and we have a theory you can never underpay for a bad deal and so sometimes in fact in reducing the price on something that is going to be threatening from being accretive or in fact it may be impaired at the end of the day, we simply want to avoid that if we can.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Cory, the medical plan adjustment in the quarter, is that an account adjustment or is that a recurring cost save?
Cory Walker : That is just a periodic adjustment on the actuarial projections of the current plan and so our folks have to calculate that every quarter so generally its kind of flattish but we had a lot of offices at the end of last year get off an indemnified plan onto our self funded plan and so we didnt know how all those numbers would shake out based on the premiums that were collected so based on the first four or five months, this was the adjustment that came out of it.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: For retail, I guess there was sequential improvement in organic growth. Is there any idea how much of that stems from the workers compensation peekaboo rate change?
J. Powell Brown: The answer is we dont know but we dont think really any. 
Jim Henderson: Its a good handle for it. 
Cory Walker : Yes, thats a great name though. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: What is employee head count today?
J. Powell Brown: We ended the year at roughly 5400 people.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Would you say its higher or lower than where you ended the year at?
Cory Walker : Its slightly higher because weve had a couple of acquisitions.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: What percentage of your business is for health care right now and what are your thoughts on the potential positive and negative impacts on that business from the proposed health care reforms?
J. Powell Brown: Last year we did about $150 million of revenue as a group and obviously there are so many different plans that are floating out there. A lot of it would be purely speculative even but to take the kind of whats the most positive scenario and whats the probably the most negative scenario, we do believe that theres going to be reform. We just dont know what that reform will totally encompass or include.  The potentially most damaging thing would be to the brokerage business would be a national carrier. A national carrier could, depending on how its set up, could dramatically impact the business that is written by the private insurance market. Will that be a part of this healthcare reform or not? We dont know and part of that would be dictated by could agents sell that program, would there be commissions paid on that program, and would they have actuarially sound rates? Those are all question marks. Or would it be subsidized?  But the things in terms of reform, there is discussion about modeling pieces and parts of national health care reform after the Massachusetts plan and the Massachusetts plan, as you know, everybody would have to have coverage so that would be increased potential participation on existing clients and once again, every day theres discussion about different scenarios that present themselves so we dont really know but we watch it very closely.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: A last quick one. Is Citizens raising rates for commercial policies in 2010?
Jim Henderson: Yes, some of the business in fact for condos and the like is under A rates but matter of fact they are conducting a study looking at the rates, the adequacy into increase those, so the answer is yes, they are looking at doing that. Its not the automatic 10%. This happened over primarily the individual single family dwellings where they have a 10% limitation on a per-policy base. They also had a 10% reduction limitation on those where in fact rates were redundant so we --
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Okay, so theres nothing automatic like for homeowners in 2010. Its something that theyre still looking at.
J. Powell Brown: No, no. For homeowners it is automatic.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Im saying unlike homeowners, theres nothing specific for commercial.
J. Powell Brown: Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Beth Malone - Wunderlich. 
Beth Malone  Wunderlich: Could you just give us an idea, youve been through other recessions. Do you think this one is materially different from other recessions youve experienced and how youre dealing with it in your own market?
Jim Henderson: I guess when youve been through several of those, is that everything we read and is out there, this is the most dramatic weve had I guess in probably what, the 25 years going back to post World War II. But if you have this sitting on the tail end of a very severe pricing cycle for our industry as well so yes, it is a brand new ballgame and in our 70 year history, frankly up until this past year, we never had a negative organic growth in the company. If you could take the economic issue out of play, in fact, we would have maintained that record even with a very, very severe pricing market so this is a brand new ballgame for everyone. The ability to remodel yourself dealing with economic downturn and terms of finding ways to grow and dealing with the cost is a new challenge and were very proud obviously of what were doing with that challenge.
Beth Malone  Wunderlich: Another question for Powell, back at the [Afa] conference earlier this year, you mentioned that A.M. Best was looking at stop rating a number of smaller property casualty companies in Florida and has that happened or has it had any impact on the market for you?
J. Powell Brown: What I think I said was A.M. Best and Demotech I believe were the two that came out and said that if in fact the Florida Hurricane Cap Fund question mark, meaning the collectability on the reinsurance was still in question, that several of those could be potentially downgraded. Were not aware of any carriers that have been downgraded as of yet; however, the last thing that I read was that there were 10 to 15 carries, that was something I read in I think Business Insurance with a national underwriter, that they thought were possible candidates for a downgrade if it was not specifically addressed to their liking but Im not Jim, are you aware? 
Jim Henderson: I think no new news on that front.
Beth Malone  Wunderlich: One final question on acquisitions. This recession and the pressure its put on all kinds of businesses, does that it sounds like it hasnt really created a windfall of opportunities for you to pick up more brokers but could that be an outcome of this?
J. Powell Brown: We think it can. I think there will be the opportunity to look at deals and then certainly picking and choosing the best ones. Yes, this will create especially when in fact the seller realizes that this so-called recovery probably is not going to be fast enough to deal with their own life planning, when they want to retire, when they want to get out, when they want to sell, when the partners want to take over. So yes, I think were still very optimistic about opportunities that will come out of this. That being said though, at what revenue base are we buying? So weve historically been conservative, we will continue to, but I think that activity will return probably to more historical levels.
Beth Malone  Wunderlich: Are you finding a lot of competition for these acquisitions among your competitors? 
J. Powell Brown: No, I think as a matter of fact, weve never seen the current environment because the banks are for the most part except for a couple players, DB&T and maybe sometimes Wells, other banks are really not in the game of buying agencies as they were. The venture capital money, leverage money, is out of play so the USI and Hub and other deals, that money is going to be very difficult to come by today, tomorrow, to buy those deals. So we are in the cat bird seat to look at I think the best opportunities with cash and with capital at a cost that we can continue to acquire so we feel We have seen in fact the number of deals where the brokers who are representing the sellers are coming in and saying, look, Brown and Brown is moving towards setting a more realistic and old historical pricing on the deal, and you probably need to realize that and go ahead and address that when youre talking to them or to others and certainly thats one of our goals, is to get pricing back to historical levels that we know is accretive to our shareholders, so the competition is less. 
Operator: I do show we have three more questions in the queue. Do you want to go ahead and take those, sir?
J. Powell Brown: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Alexander  JP Morgan.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: I just wanted to go quickly back to special programs and in particular your comments on light to moderate organic growth the rest of the year. Is that to say that the recent strength has been a bit of a one time trend or Im just trying to get an idea of the sustainability there.
Jim Henderson: I think in Proctor specifically, we did have revenues in the first and second quarter, some also in 2008, that were cautious about forecasting the continued increase in their customer base and also the units of exposure on repossessed properties by banks. So at what point does that curve flatten with respect to their customers? So Keith thats what were really pointing at. The other program units are pretty much on course. Theyre probably more flat to moderate growth. A lot of the growth has come from Proctor from CalSurance, some from FIU. So thats why we want to send a signal out there that foregoing additional growth, continued additional growth at Proctor, the programs division may see moderate growth or flat.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: I just wanted to ask if you were seeing any change in the competitive environment form a broker perspective? Are peers changing their commission schemes or emphasizing different products or market expansion?
J. Powell Brown: Relative to did you say our carriers changing their commissions, is that what you said?
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: Im sorry, are peers changing their commission scheme. 
J. Powell Brown: You mean how they pay, the peers meaning our competitors, paying their producers differently? 
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: Yes. That and I just wanted to see if they were changing the amount of the commission they are receiving from the carriers. The commission rate.
J. Powell Brown: So that they are taking less commission to be more competitive on the pricing?
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan: Yes.
J. Powell Brown: Im not seeing that.
Cory Walker : Remember, Keith, as you know, the vast majority of our businesses is commission driven so ultimately when we see our competitors pricing, its an all end number, so if theyre reducing their commission or not, we very, very rarely know that, we just know ultimately what our prospects may be presented with, so dont know that answer.
Jim Henderson: Keith, our commission allowance from carriers actually has increased some even in this reduced pricing market. So particularly in certain lines like work comp and others where the company sees a profit opportunity and theyre saying, Were willing to pay you more commission on this niche of business and we are seeing that happening still today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hughes  SunTrust Bank.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Bank: Procter, do you have the mix of prime versus sub-prime?
Jim Henderson: Its about 20% sub-prime and about 80% non. It was characterized by a lot of the regional banks. We do have a large customer in a division of the US Government, but for the most part, they look at the medium, not the jumbo banks, more the regional banks in terms of servicing their portfolio.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Bank: Right, and then the Florida property, you described the coastal price increases inland a little more pressure. When you look at that in aggregate for your mix, whats the trend or whats the Florida property rate environment now?
J. Powell Brown: It would be net up if you combine those.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Just a follow up from an earlier conversation around the investments. Cory, what are the options out there in terms of the potential to move that yield a bit higher, particularly given the M&A environment seems to be in a backlog here and uncertainty around how much time that may unwind.
Cory Walker : Given the backdrop the fact that we never really know exactly when the next deal will close, we follow a policy of keeping all of our investments essentially 7 days or less and so we keep the vast majority of our money in primarily tax free money markets that are supplied by SunTrust or Wells Fargo and those are the two primary banking sweep operations that we have and we kind of rely on them to make sure that were in the best AAA category.  So moving money outside of that for a longer term is something that we just... I think is short sighted and we just have to kind of bear with the current yield because were just not going to put our cash or the clients cash with exposure in there still a lot of uncertainty and even with the municipalities, we have to kind of watch whats happening with those bonds currently too. So realistically, you wont see us making any real movements to stretch out to get another 10 or 15 basis points unfortunately. We just have to bear with the market right now.  But as Jim mentioned, I think the deals will ultimately come because its a cottage industry and we have a lot of cash and were ready to do it. 
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: I agree with that, I just see the amount that youve accumulated and then when I consider the size of the deals that you typically engage in, it just seems to me that there might be some certain amount that you could actually wall off and go into a bit longer term.
J. Powell Brown: [Murray] prefers a mattress but we wont let him keep it there.
Operator: I show we have no further questions.
J. Powell Brown: All right David. Thank you all very much. Thanks everybody for attending today and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. We thank you for participating.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  J. Hyatt Brown - CEO Cory Walker  SVP & CFO J. Powell Brown - President Jim Henderson - COO
Analysts:  Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Keith Alexander  JPMorgan Eli Leminger  Stifel Nicolaus  Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc. Unspecified Analyst  RBC Capital Markets  Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance and that such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors including those risks and uncertainties that has been or will be identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Listeners are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results and events may differ from those indicated in this call, such differences may be material. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Hyatt Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Hyatt Brown: Good morning everyone, we have Powell Brown and Jim Henderson and Cory Walker here and were going to lead off with Cory for the financials.
Cory Walker : Thanks Hyatt, our net income for the fourth quarter was $33.4 million which was slightly more then the $33 million we earned in the fourth quarter of 2007. Total revenues for the quarter were up 6.8% to $232.1 million versus the $217.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2007.  Commissions and fees for the quarter also increased by 7.8% or $16.7 million of net new commissions and fees. Total core commissions and fees which excludes profit sharing contingent commissions for the fourth quarter of 2008 increased $15.8 million over last year. However within that net growth number is $25.7 million of revenue from acquisitions.  The good news is that we had another excellent year in terms of acquisitions. The bad news is the continued soft market and now the weaker economy that created another quarter of negative internal growth in the core commissions and fees.  The net loss of $9.9 million of core commissions and fees on a same store sales basis reflects a negative 4.6% overall internal growth rate but thats an improvement from last quarter of negative 5.1%. The specific internal growth rates by business segment is listed in the press release and Hyatt and Powel and Jim will talk about that in a little bit.  Moving to our investment income we earned $1.7 million less in 2008 fourth quarter compared to the 2007 quarter and thats exclusively due to the financial market meltdown that caused us to move most of our cash investments into the safest available vehicles that carried little or no interest returns.  Other income was $1.3 million compared to $1.4 million last year and again most of these gains relate to sales of various books of businesses that we do in the normal course of operations. Our pretax margins for the fourth quarter of 2008 was 23.4% compared to last years fourth quarter margins of 24.6%, thats a reduction of 1.2 percentage points. As weve mentioned in previous quarterly earnings calls, as long as were in a soft market that creates a negative internal growth you will see slight margin compression.  Looking at the employee compensation and benefits it increased 1.8 percentage points to 52.5% of total revenues and that represents $11.7 million of net additional costs over the prior year comparable quarter. The employee compensation and benefits relating to just the standalone acquisitions that weve done during 2007 and 2008 that werent there in the comparable quarters, that accounted for $11.1 million of that $11.7 million. Therefore on a comparable same store sales basis, we had an aggregate net increase in same store sale compensation of only $631,000 which is really more then accounted for by just the fold in acquisitions we did that go into the normal operations, Brown & Brown offices, that is not included in that $11.7 million I was talking about. As of the end of 2008 we did have 5398 full time [equivalent] employees, 489 of those employees came from the 2008 acquisitions and so when you compare it to the 5047 employees that we had at the beginning of the year, we actually had a net reduction of employees in the offices that existed at both year ends of 138 employees. The one area that we do not reduce is for new salaried producers that we are constantly bringing into the company to train.  The cost of salaried producers generally increase each quarter and this quarter it was $1.3 million more then the fourth quarter of 2007. Our noncash stock based compensation cost was $1.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 which is an increase of approximately $400,000 and that is due to the new performance stock plan grants and incentive stock options that were granted in February and April of this year. In the current quarter our other operating expenses decreased by 0.9 percentage points to 15.2% of total revenues which represents approximately $400,000 in net additional cost over the prior year quarter.  Other operating expenses that again just relate to these standalone acquisitions when you carve that out, those accounted for $3 million therefore on a comparable same store sales basis we had a reduction of other operating expenses of $2.6 million. Now that cost savings really was broad based and across the board and it was started from lower T&E, less insurance costs, less supplies, etc. just across the board and this is really the true benefit of a decentralized organization and just great leadership at each of our individual profit centers.  With this economic downturn we really have focused on every nook and cranny of our business and how to operate more efficiently and our ability to grow every day. And so as we came, coming out of this economic cycle, whenever it does occur, were confident that were going to come out better and stronger then when we came into this cycle. Although its been a painful process of going through this process. Moving on to amortization and depreciation expense, of course that increase is due to the increased level of acquisition activities we had this year. Our interest expense was slightly higher as it has been in the last three quarters due to the increased $25 million borrowing we did back in February of 2008. Our effective tax rate this year was 39% compared to about 38.4%, just a slight increase and thats just due to higher average state tax rates in the states that we operate in.  So therefore if you look at the total year, our total revenues for the year were $977.6 million which is up 1.9% over 2007 and our pretax margin for the year was 27.9% which is off 320 basis points from the 31.1% margin that we had in 2007 and of course that does exclude the $18.7 million of gain that we had in 2007 on our Rock-Tenn stock. So when you exclude that plus we did have an unusually large year of sales of business in 2007 and that accounted for probably about $0.05 to $0.06 there, so really when you look, when you take those two components out this year is $1.17 is really only about a 4% decline from ongoing about $1.22 from last year.  So with that summary Ill just turn it back to Hyatt.
Hyatt Brown : Thanks, good report Cory. Looking into the retail business in talking to our various profit centers and also in attending sales meetings in profit centers, I hear the following question which is a little different and the question is, is that the best you can do? That is a question being asked to underwriters who are trying to either flat rates or increase rates slightly. So lets talk about Florida and then well move around the country and the retail and then Powell will talk about programs and wholesale etc.  Looking at the Daytona, Jacksonville, lets say upper east coast property tends to be flattish, casualty is flattish, to down just a little. Exposure units, down 10% to 30% in some cases. New business and this is true around the country if youre going to get a new account away from someone, youre going to have to be 15% to 25% below expiring and there are situations where that occurs because an account moves from lets say not admitted to admitted, or there is some change in the exposure unit etc. so it may not be quite as [virile] the down slope as you might think.  Autos are flat. Same thing going up into Jacksonville, across to the northern tier of Florida which is generally a more, a less competitive area from the standpoint of prices either going up or going down. Theyve always been a little more stable in that area. Exposures are down. Market for general liability is eroding, maybe 10% to 12%. Large condos are flat. The umbrella market is down about 10%. Moving into Orlando and the spine of Florida, there is business still moving from not admitted to admitted.  Renewal rates on casualty is fairly flattish and maybe down to 5%. Exposure units however are down in the case of the contractors, they are down substantially. Although were now starting to see where we were down 35% last year on a contractors Workers Comp and this year its only down 10%. Orlando regional airport offloading were down 2% to 4% in the last couple three months. No lines at the restaurants in central Florida. Moving over to the Tampa, St. Pete area, if you look at Tampa, St. Pete all the way to Naples, you kind of see the same sort of thing and so Im going to broad brush it just a little bit. In the Naples, lets go all the way to the southwest, renewals on property are flat to up 6% or 7%. Citizens country or statewide is flattish unless the insured value is more then $10 million and then the citizens rates are up 2% to 3%. In Naples exposures are down 20% to 30%. They have gone down, they started going down later in Naples then they did in for instance the Fort Myers area. Casualty is down 5% to flattish. Property generally is flattish. Theres an awful lot of people there, there doesnt seem to be any reductions in the snowbirds and so theyre spending money and thats good for that economy. Fort Myers, is a little different deal. The citizens of course in that area, theres been some strange citizens rates in a couple of counties. Thats one of them, Lee County. As I mentioned if its above $10 million its up a little bit.  Property is down 4% to 5%. Condos ex [Wind] was a bottom of $0.08, now on certain condos with a particular company believe it or not pricing is $0.04 which is unbelievable. That wont last very long. Thats ex [Wind]. Exposure units are down 10% to 15% to 20%, that doesnt mean they moderated in terms of whats happening, it just means that were catching up with last year and the Lee County airport was down about 14% in travelers in December.  Moving into Georgia, renewals on condos are flattish unless its a frame condo and they move to a standard market and then they are down 10% to 12%. There is a lot of competition but it seems to be a little bit less virulent and it is kind of flattish on renewals. If you look at the Workers Compensation area, it is firming some any place from a plus 3% to a down 6%. Auto fleets are up a little bit, 2, maybe 3, 4%, so there is some flattening.  Good accounts country wide, theyre commanding reduced prices. Going into South Carolina the renewals are soft, there is a difference in the economy in the last 90 days and that has to do in the western part of South Carolina has to do I think with the fact that they are hooked to the auto industry there. Exposure units are down 10% to 40% if theres a contractor and in some cases if you have any kind of connection with the automobile business those exposure units are down substantially.  Workers Comp there, is some tightening meaning flattish. There is one company that decided to put the pedal to the metal so thats kind our an outlier. In the Spartanburg area the economy has softened in the last 60 days, exposures are down. If on Workers Comp if the mod is one or better, then those prices are still going south. If its one or more then those prices are flat to up a little bit. Auto is now 5 to 10. In Virginia, over along the coast, Norfolk, marine is flat. [Vonella] business is down 5% and thats marine, [Vonella] business is down 5% to 7%. Workers Comp rates on 401 are supposed to go up a little bit from a minus 2% to a plus 4%. The more difficult marine risks are kind of flat to maybe off 10%. Getting into sort of middle Virginia, [inaudible] area etc. rates are going down there 10% to 15%. They have not been doing that prior to really 90 days ago. It just has to do with the marketplace and it has to do with the fact that that area has a lot of regional companies.  So moving into Pennsylvania, eastern part of Pennsylvania renewals are down a little bit, 4% or 5%, some of them are flattish. Exposure units however, again 90 days ago the economy really didnt seem to have too much of a negative impact, now they are down 10% to 20%. Condo markets and this is different from what you are hearing elsewhere, and these are frame and joist and mason condos, and this includes [Wim], the rates were $0.08 and now they seem to be moving up to $0.10 so thats, you can say thats a 25% increase.  Workers Comp pricing is flat. If you have Workers Comp that doesnt have a good loss ratio youre going to get soft. Moving on to New Jersey, renewals are kind of down 4% or 5%. They had been a little flat there to down 10% or 15% so its kind of a mixed bag. Exposures are now off a little more then they were 90 days ago. Workers Comp seems to be more aggressive in terms of pricing down 5% to 8% and this would mean that in those cases that are down 5% to 8% they are getting managed care credits that they werent getting before.  Umbrellas seem to be soft in the primary layers but you get into the upper layers where they are already doggone pared down, those could be up maybe 5% to 10%. Moving into Upstate New York, Syracuse, Rochester, Buffalo, those areas did not experience a big up in the economy and theyre not experiencing a big down now either and a broad brush across northern New York State would be that those prices are flat to down 5%. Exposure units are down 5% to 10%, thats a little different but not that much. Its kind of interesting Workers Comp there is a bunch of business that was in a trust in New York State and a lot of those trusts are shutting down because of the joint several liability and a couple of other problems and so we are writing more business and we are doing pretty well in that area.  The exposure units have changed though in terms of Upstate New York and theyre down maybe 2% to 5% more then they were down 90 days ago. Looking into the Connecticut area renewals are either flat to maybe down 7%, 8%, 9%. It is a market where in the Connecticut and Massachusetts area companies are resisting going down on price but in fact if you get to pushing and shoving and then those are still continuing to go down 3% to 5%. Looking over into the more center part of the United States, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Minnesota, a broad brush of that area is that renewals are down 2% to 5% to some are up 2% to 5%.  Exposure units though particularly in the Chicago area seem to be going down much more rapidly from 10% to 25%. And again when Im talking about exposure units, dont forget that when I talk to various and sundry profit centers, they dont ever talk to me about the fact that there are some that are flat or even up. For instance in the social services those tend to be flat, governmental [inaudible] tend to be flat, condominiums, the casualty piece is a small piece and so property values arent going down so this is sort of a mixed bag across a large retail book. Looking into Oklahoma City, down into Texas, around in rural Oklahoma, renewals in Oklahoma are still flattish, a little up in some cases particularly if its involve trucking. The economy there is still good and the reason its good is because is because its still the oil patch. And Workers Comp in Oklahoma has gone up about 4% or 5%. Umbrellas are flat. The oil patch still hasnt really started to react to the lower prices. Looking down into Texas going into the San Antonia area, renewals there are down 7% to 10% maybe 12%. Workers Comp is very aggressive in that area of Texas 12% to 18%. A couple of companies who are more aggressive.  Looking into Louisiana citizens of Louisiana has taken a rate increase in tier 1, thats south of I-10 and so the non admitted companies there are flat to up 2% to 3%. Workers Comp is soft, 5% to 10% down. Tier 2 about I-10 prices are down about 5% and the oil patch still seems to be going pretty good. If you look into the west now, looking at Albuquerque renewals are down about 15% there, very aggressive price reductions in some respects. Workers Comp is off 10%. Exposures, flat to maybe plus 2% to 3% except for contractors, down 10% to 15%.  Looking in the Denver, Colorado area renewals are flat to down 5%, Workers Comp minus 5% to 10%, exposure units down 10% to maybe 12% to 15%. Some companies are zero. Of course all of this excludes when Im talking companies are flattish on exposure units Im not including contractors. Aviation seems to be flat. There are a lot of aircraft that are on the market as we all know. Looking in Phoenix, now Phoenix, Las Vegas, and the LA basin are the most competitive middle market places in our system as we speak and of course theres a couple of double whammies, prices down and also exposure units down.  So in the Phoenix area renewals are down 10% to 15% however Workers Comp rates are up a positive 4% and theres a couple of other things happening in Workers Comp that could be helpful to us there. Exposure units though are down and it just depends on the kind of business but 20% to 30% to 40% is not unusual. In Las Vegas, the renewals there are either flat because of not good experience or down 10% to 12% if its really good experience.  Workers Comp is a decrease of about 4%, there are some changes with companies using lost cause multiplier so that makes it a little different. But if you look at [Vonella] business that [Vonella] business is down 10% to 20%. There are a couple of new competitors there, companies. In Orange County renewals average at about 10%, not seeing much flattish, Workers Comp is still going down believe it or not 10% to 12%. Exposure units are down 10% to 15% except contractors and contractors are all over the board. Moving up into the Santa Barbara area, now thats a little different situation. The market there it seems to be a little flattish to maybe down 5% in terms of pricing on renewals. Workers Compensation, rates there are down 10% to up 2% to 3% and exposure units arent too bad, down 5% to 10%. Moving up to the Seattle area, Boeing is just laying off 4,000 people and of course we all know about Washington Mutual. The renewals there are down 10% to 15%. Thats a change from 90 days ago. Exposures not too bad down 5% to 10%. Theres no Workers Comp there because thats a monopolistic state. Marine is down 5% and the travel business is basically kind of flat so with that, Powell would you like to talk about programs and wholesale.
Powell Brown : Thank you Hyatt, on transactional brokerage cat property in Florida, rates are down slightly to flat. Underwriters are beginning to push back on additional underwriting data and some insureds are buying less limits. In the Gulf Coast region rates are flat, underwriters are pushing for underwriting data. Insureds seem to be trying to keep premiums flat, theyre either buying less limits are having higher deductibles.  Carolinas and Virginia, thats lagging slightly, rates are down 5% to 10% and there continues to be standard market intrusion there. Quake market out in the west is trending up. Casualty across the country is very soft, down 10% to 25% and exposures are down, professional liability is soft, down 5% to 20% except if you are a financial institution or a mortgage related company where they are flat to up.  In binding authority in Florida property is flat with slight firming, casualty is flat, rates are flat, exposures are down typically there. In the personal lines arena the lowered valued homes, rates tend to be flat with Citizens and the take out companies continuing to be very competitive. And the higher valued homes are firming somewhat. The binding authority in Florida for professional liability rates are up slightly but exposures are down. In Texas the rates are soft except the property rates in the Houston area, the mid Atlantic and the western United States rates are soft.  In professional national programs it was up 4.8% for Q4. The lawyers rates are down 5% to 10%, dental rates are flat and other national, other professional programs rates are typically down 10% plus with exposures down as well. In special programs were up 7.8%. Public entity rates across the country in Q4 are typically down 5% to 15%. At FIU [wind[ rates were stable in Q4, Citizens is fairly consistent on their pricing. The ex wind business continues to be under considerable pressure and the Florida hurricane cat fund is having some impact on capacity in Dade and Broward County at the present time.  Proctor Financial which is our lender placed or fourth placed coverage for financial institutions primarily banks, had a very good fourth quarter and really good new business year as many of us know, we all know, that foreclosures are up so the REO business is going to be up in that segment. In services we were up 4.1% and United Self Insured Services was up in Q4 and New Quest, or Medicare set aside company was the winner in services in Q4 being up just under 20%. Finally Id like to reiterate something that Cory said that we at corporate have allocated $10 million to recruit new production talent and thats really 50% of the total cost where $10 million would be borne at the local office level so in combination we have about $20 million allocated to recruit this new talent that is out there. Many of those people are from other industries and we view this as a unique opportunity to get access to some very fine talent that we might not otherwise see in any other circumstance in the economy.  So with that in mind, Ill turn it back over to you Hyatt.
Hyatt Brown : Thanks before I ask Jim to talk about the mergers and acquisitions, Id like to also include an insertion relative to employee benefits. As you all know about 15% of our revenues country wide are employee benefits. The norm is that a risk bearer will come in with a 9% to 15% up and then theres of course a lot of negotiation. Employee count is down in many areas and so when you get into the employee benefit final revenue base, its really down 2% to up lets say 4%or 5%. So its kind of in that range. 
Jim Henderson : Thank you Hyatt and good morning everyone. The M&A activity continues to be a success story for the growth of our revenues and earnings, 2008 was the most active year in the companys history in terms of the numbers of transactions with the closing of 45 agencies. In a recent publication, Brown & Brown was listed as representing 13.4% of all announced transactions on agency acquisitions in 2008. In terms of purchase revenues, 2008 was the third largest in company history with $115.4 million in forward annualized revenues. Forty-three of the 45 transactions were in the property and casualty and employee benefits retail agencies. Perhaps the most important quality of these acquisitions is that the earnings performance are in line with our expectations and margins comparable to the existing operations.  In 2008 we continued to strength our M&A transaction capability. We added to our staff increasing the number of individuals in our legal, financial, and quality control teams to handle an increased number of transactions given the opportunity. With respect to deal pricing we have experienced a moderate improvement in pricing of agencies with the multiples of EBITDA in 2008 in the range of 5.5 to 6.5. This compares to a range of some 6 to 7.5 that was in the market in 2006 and 2007. With respect to other acquires, the number of announced deals by banks and thrifts decreased in 2008 to some 41 transactions compared to 50 announced in 2007 and 55 transactions by this group in 2006. And indeed some banks have made decisions to exit the agency business. In 2008 we did end up owning two different operations previously owned by banks.  The soft market conditions and a challenging economy have driven down the agencys top line and target revenues and earnings. The result is is that this is a very good point in the market cycle to purchase agency. Caution has and will be exercised to pay though for actual delivered revenues. My last comment on the M&A is that in the current environment cash is king. Our high margins and resulting cash flow is the perfect companion to our long standing M&A program.  In 2008 we made cash payments of $263 million on acquisitions, $238 million of those payments was funded from operations with only $25 million from new borrowed funds. With substantial cash flows and substantial lines of credit we have adequate dry [power] to continue to finance our acquisition program. With those comments Ill turn it back over to Hyatt for wrap up and then open for questions. 
Hyatt Brown : Thanks Jim, good report. Looking into the future, anybodys guess is whats going to happen on the exposure units. The economy is a question mark and we dont know how to forecast the economy. As regards market discipline, that seems to be firming and there is another little piece of that that is going to have an impact and that is that the regional companies and particularly those that are kind of in the middle part of the United States have had some cat losses that they did not expect and that were greater by some sort of multiple then any other year in recent history. So thats caused some oops kind of things and therefore there is a feeling maybe this is a good time to be a little more conservative.  So well see how all that works out. Acquisition opportunities, there seems to be a lot of those and the economy is driving some of them. But others are just looking to join a middle market firm that has an excellent record and that they identify with our core values. So we are feeling pretty good. This coming year is going to be a difficult year but so what. Having said that, well open it up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: What do you think the effect in Florida will be from a State Farm pulling out and then what are the prospects for Citizen raising rates in 2010. 
Hyatt Brown : Well number one they, the pull out of State Farm has caused a lot of turmoil. We are getting as everybody is lots and lots of phone calls from irate State Farm policy holders and we do have some capacity although a lot of that business is going to go by definition into some of the take out companies at substantially higher rates then what are being currently charged by State Farm. Now currently the situation is that we think that the Citizens is going to raise rates 10% in 2010, 10% in 2011 and 10% in 2012.  Thats not done yet so well see. Now there is a substantial angst now occurring in Florida among the bankers of Florida for the simple reason that it does not appear and I guess Jim can talk to this a little later in our teleconference, there is a substantial fear that by having more and more homes and other properties go into Citizens and the fact that the state currently probably cant raise the money to pay for a bad hurricane then what happens to the banks who are kind of holding the bag out there waiting for someone to pay them.  So we have a little bit of an angst going on. The pull out of State Farm I think is going to occur over a two year period. I havent really found out and Im sure exactly who knows about that yet. But it is not like tomorrow theyre all gone, its going to be phased out. 
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And then if you could sort aggregate your comments from across the country what do you think the impact from rates versus exposure units was in the quarter when you look at your organic growth. 
Hyatt Brown : Well if I had to guess and we dont have a statistical ability to get into this, I would say that across the country exposure units were a greater impact then rates. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Alexander  JPMorgan
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: My first question is how would the proposed changes to the FHTF impact your company over the next year.
Jim Henderson : Well if the hurricane cat fund is increased at some $29 billion with a [tickle] layer over $30 billion the [scurvy] is that now that likely the state of that unit could not borrow funds to match its obligations in the short-term to the companies its reinsuring. So with that, theres discussions about possibly reducing the capacity of the cat fund back to a level for which in fact can be bonded and can be supported so the carriers know exactly where theyre at.  That component likely represents an increase in rates in the state of Florida to achieve that. So the cycle there is that the Governor specifically has indicated hes not happy about that outcome with it so the, whether it is unlikely that the cat fund with the total level of capacity offered cannot offer immediate liquidity to the reinsurers on the current structure. So different avenues thats looked at is to either additional assessment capability or prefunding to provide that capability. So in the meantime it would appear that the pricing would maybe have to go up some in order to deal with removing capacity currently offered by the cat fund in the longer term.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: And in the last quarter you mentioned that looking at 2009 you were starting to get a little bit better of a rosy picture, is there any change to you view as things sit now. 
Hyatt Brown : Well I think going back all the way to January of 2008 we kind of thought by year end the pricing would firm and therefore the market would become a little more favorable. Pricing has firmed a little but the exposure units are way down relative to whatever we thought was going to occur. Looking into 2009 we think its going to be a tough year but strange things happen and whats going to happen in the economy, well will the stimulus package have effect the last quarter of the year, gosh anybodys guess is as good as ours. So whatever it is were prepared to handle it. 
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: My next question is about the program business which seems to be a bright spot, can you tell me briefly what trends are driving this business. 
Powell Brown : When you really get right down to it, it is selling more business. When you get right down to it. And as I said earlier the leader in the clubhouse has been Proctor Financial which is a somewhat counter cyclical as weve talked about in past earnings calls relative to a lot of the forced placed business. But really in all the programs both professional and special programs its selling more business and the winner is Proctor Financial. 
Hyatt Brown : I think also in some of our program business the units, the actual businesses are smaller. For instance in the dental area the average premium for a dental package is $2800 to $3000, thats kind of hard for someone to get at in terms of competition and the pricing is then sort of flat. It was down 10% last year but its flat this year. So thats another component but every one of the programs as we said has got to grow and they are in most cases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Leminger  Stifel Nicolaus  
Eli Leminger  Stifel Nicolaus :  The $20 million youve allocated for recruitment but how much of that have you already recognized in your income statement. 
Hyatt Brown : Well we recognize it as we expense it and were talking about prospectively. Weve always had a pretty aggressive recruitment program. One of the things that were finding today is, is that there are very good people from other businesses that are available to us who already have business experience, theyre just not in the insurance business and so we find that as a very fertile hunting ground. 
Eli Leminger  Stifel Nicolaus : Do you expect to expense more of that in the first half of 2009.
Hyatt Brown : Well were going to use it up and even exceed that based on our ability to acquire those people and of course this is a country wide sort of recruitment. It varies by location based on the size of the location and the ability for that location to mentor new people. We just dont bring in people and drop them there, there is a training program. We have ramped up two additional Brown & Brown universities, we have one in Orlando, [Tom Fenwall] is responsible for. We now have one in Syracuse, New York that [Bob Messina] is responsible for and weve this year recently cranked out one in Orange, California where [Mark Sahorian] is responsible.  So were trying to make doggone sure that when we bring in these quality people that we given them an injection very quickly of (a) the culture, (b) what you need to learn and how you need to learn in order to be a competent insurance person, and then (c) getting them used to soliciting business which is in some cases the most difficult part. 
Eli Leminger  Stifel Nicolaus : I was wondering if you could speak a bit about your outlook for contingents in 2009 and any contingent shift from 1Q09 to 4Q08.
Hyatt Brown : Well number one contingents are contingents and we dont know what theyre going to be. We think theyre probably going to be okay. Cory do we know of any shifting, I dont think we do.
Cory Walker : No, if anything maybe the fourth quarter will be a little bit less then what we had this fourth quarter and then of course the question is, as I think the first quarter of last year we had a pretty good amount come in. That could potentially be a bit less. 
Eli Leminger  Stifel Nicolaus : Can you speak a bit about the impact of declining payrolls and policy cancellations on your reserve for commission refunds and what are you anticipating for 2009. 
Cory Walker : Our reserve is relatively conservative approach. We take an actual four quarter running cancellation amount and so I dont really see that significantly changing. If it does change it changed slightly over a quarter. I think it will be interesting for you to compare our level of reserve to some of our competitors and I think youll see that its pretty conservative. So I dont think youll see a big change for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc. 
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.:  Listening to all the exposure unit talk on the call, is it, would you think that internal growth can be better in 2009 versus 2008.
Hyatt Brown : Thats anybodys call. We dont really know, maybe, it might be a little better but thats a maybe and the thing that is a question mark in our minds is how quickly is the stimulus plan going to start to stimulate. 
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: And on the earnings front you are basically down a little bit 2008 versus 2007, on the apples to apples that Cory gave, how about an outlook for 2009. It appears as though its going to be tough to have earnings flat or up.
Hyatt Brown : Of course we dont really know but I think, havent you estimated $1.12.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Correct.
Hyatt Brown : Okay well, everybodys got to pay their money and take their choice and you all are the ones that are really very capable of figuring it out and were just going to do what were going to do. 
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Can you give us some commentary around Florida Workers Comp.
Hyatt Brown : Yes, the reason for that strange thing happening is that the Supreme Court overturned a portion of the law having to do with the involvement of the Plaintiffs borrower and now the Plaintiffs borrower is back in with all kinds of opportunities and thats going to force losses up and so we think that the rates are going to go up 6% to 7% as of April 1 based on that change in the law. But you know it hasnt happened yet, were not there yet. 
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: On pricing, we keep on hearing from the underwriters that pricing is improving, but we really havent really seen it through your commentary, what would be your response to all these carriers saying that pricing is getting better.
Hyatt Brown : Well you know what they dont tell you and you already know this is that they only talk about the pricing on what they renewed. They dont talk about the pricing on what they lost and secondly on a new account where they discounted it 20% or 25%, less then a renewal thats sitting beside it, they dont give you that comparison either because its a brand new piece of business.  So the answer is they are trying to be more disciplined, there is no question about that. And in some places, yes it is having an impact. It is probably, we never had as big as down swoop in some of the less metropolitan areas in terms of pricing and so were not having as big a pressure up so there is greater stability in some areas. And of course what I think you know is sitting out there, Ive always believed that when you had a downturn in the economy that you get an increase in Workers Comp losses.  And so far that hasnt shown up or at least it hasnt been reflected in pricing. I think thats going to be something thats going to hit the risk bearers in the back of the head and it happens almost over night and they say, my golly all of a sudden we have these awful losses and then rates kind of go a rye. So thats the area that I think is going to be the most sensitive in the next 12 months to maybe 15 months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst  RBC Capital Markets  
Unspecified Analyst  RBC Capital Markets :  Just a question about the commentary you made around the increasing the budget to hire more internally just wondering if you could talk about any areas of focus there geography wise and is that really going to effect your M&A plans, in order words are you going to allocate more toward internal and pull back on acquisitions or would you be able to do both.
Powell Brown : The answer is yes we can do both and no it doesnt impact our M&A plans. We dont really have a regional specific plan on the allocation of those funds. Were in the talent business and we want to get it where ever we can get it into our system and bring high quality people into the team. And so we are not, I would want to clarify, were not out looking for teams of people from other insurance brokers. Thats not our style and youre aware of that but were looking, these are people many of them have significant work experience in other industries who understand sales and understand about building and breaking relationships and we believe that they have talent and we want to bring them on to our team and get them on the street selling insurance.  So in summary, no it doesnt impact our M&A ability, two it doesnt, its not a regional thing and three its all about talent and were not out searching for people from other firms. 
Unspecified Analyst  RBC Capital Markets : So basically the outlook for M&A is unchanged from the last quarter, still pretty optimistic about what youre going to do this year. 
Powell Brown : Correct.
Unspecified Analyst  RBC Capital Markets : The reduction you talked about in full time employees was that even weighted throughout the year or did you see more in the fourth quarter as the economy started to slow down or was that just based on the acquisitions you made.
Powell Brown : Its not based on acquisitions, those were offices that were here both years. Thats a gradual process that occurs every month as each one of our leaders at our profit centers look at their operations and try to become more efficient and a lot of, I would suspect the majority of those are just through attrition where people have left for a variety of reasons and the profit center leader and their department leaders have made the choice to say, hey during this tough time lets just see if we can do without that one person that left and well pull together and you take this and you take that and they just become more efficient.  So thats really where it comes from. 
Jim Henderson : As the top line continues to receive pressure on growth in fact we go back and really take a look at the budget on a quarterly basis or sometimes monthly and then readdress people in operations and business segments based upon the revenue base there so, this environment really mandates that we go back and do those even more frequently during the year in terms of assessing redundant staff. 
Unspecified Analyst  RBC Capital Markets : Are you seeing a lot of customers just drop coverage all together, what kind of impact have you seen in the fourth quarter, have you seen much of that at all.
Hyatt Brown : No, weve had some bankruptcies just like everybody has but its not that broad based. When you say drop coverage, there are some people who have had umbrellas that have gone from $10 to $5 million, that sort of thing but thats not substantial. The other thing is is that the exposure units if a person has a payroll of lets say $2 million and that payroll is estimated for this coming year at a $1.5 million then basically the premium, thats Workers Comp Im talking about is probably going to be about 25% less.  However one of the things that we are and Im sure you know this, we are very, very sensitive to accounts receivable and we have not had an increase particularly in our accounts receivable. Now were watching them closely but it just hasnt happened. And of course for any company where they give extended terms, this kind of a marketplace is pretty difficult. We dont do that. We finance insurance premiums when people cant pay them and those are financed without recourse to Brown & Brown.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray 
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray:  The M&A pricing, you spoke to a bit, I think you said 5.5 to 6.5 times whats the rest of the market looking like or maybe you can talk a bit more about the competitive nature of the deals. 
Jim Henderson : Well it seems to be less players out there. This offering numbers that really are just outliers. When banks made big push to get into the business they were really paying extraordinary numbers for our foundation agencies to establish a home base and then likewise the venture capital money, paid extraordinary multiples to establish their base. Those two components are pretty much how the system [inaudible] so youre back to more traditional buyers at agencies, the public brokers and then regionals and local fold in deals and that multiple has backed off without those outliers being in the market so we have, obviously very cautious on the pricing.  And we have been able to, weve been traditionally a 6 times player and 2006, 2007 we had to go a little above that 6 to 6.5, we stopped there in our pricing to transactions. We are now able to get back to more of our traditional pricing. 
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Any thoughts around or I guess information on the impact of AIG maybe is having in the marketplace right now. 
Powell Brown : We hear as you probably do about these outliers where they are being very, very competitive. We hear about that periodically but were not seeing them doing something that is unusual or different for AIG. They are a strong competitor. They are in certain areas of their business evaluating the limits that they are able to put up where in the past they may have put up a $50 million umbrella limit, they may be evaluating that and saying they can only put up $25.  And on property historically they put up 30 or 25, maybe theyre putting up 15. Those are in certain instances but they continue to be very competitive. Obviously there have been some people that have decided to leave and go to other carriers but they have a lot of good people that are still on that team and we continue to do business with them. So not a lot of change since we talked in Q3 or after Q3 on AIG. 
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: If I understood you correctly it sounds like the transfer of talent equates to the transfer of risk. 
Powell Brown : The transfer of talent presents more options ultimately for our clients which is we want to make sure and give our clients options. Some of those people when they go to these new places are not yet so called up and running with their suite of products so some of that will come online later in the year. But AIG is going to have their own position on risk and how much they want to retain and then some of that is going to be driven by them and some of that is going to be driven by the market and then there are these people that have gone to other places that will also drive options in the market which many of those will be competing against AIG we believe. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Hyatt Brown : Thank you very much everyone and well be talking to you in April, bye.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 07:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and CEO Cory Walker - Sr. VP, Treasurer and CFO J. Powell Brown - President Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc. Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey David Lewis - Raymond James Keith Alexander - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including answers given in response to your question may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance and that such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors including those risks and uncertainties that has been or will be identified from time-to-time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Listeners are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. And those actual results and events may differ from those indicated in this call, such differences maybe material. With that said, Mr. Brown, I will now turn the call over to you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much Elizabeth. And we have Jim Henderson; and Cory Walker; and Powell; and myself. And so, we're going to start off with Cory. It's all yours.
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Hyatt. Well, an honor of Yogi Berra, its Dj vu all over again, relatively to our third quarter earnings statement two respects. The first; it's the same that you there... that you saw when it was inadvertently released a week ago. And two; the net results are very similar to results of the second quarter. Our net income for the third quarter was $40.6 million, which was down 12.2% from last year's third quarter. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.29, down from $0.33 earned in the third quarter of 2007. From a revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 8.1% to $243.8 million. That is up from $225.4 million last year. As part of total commissions and fees in the third quarter of '08, we received $9.7 million of profit sharing contingent commissions and as compared with $8.9 million that we received in the third quarter last year. We estimate that we will receive of an additional $1 million to $2 million of profit sharing contingent commissions in the fourth quarter. Now looking at the internal growth schedule, somewhere to the past six quarters, we had a negative internal growth rate. However, this quarter we're slightly better at only a negative 5.1%. Our total core commissions and fees which exclude those profit sharing contingent commissions for the quarter increased 9.3% or $19.9 million of total new commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $30.9 million of acquired revenues. That means that we had $11 million less commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis. As the internal growth schedule indicates the vast majority of the negative internal growth dollars are from a broad based impact on our retail and wholesale operations. Hyatt, Jim and Powell will talk about the activities in each of these business segments in a minute. Moving on to our investment income, it decreased by $2 million primarily due to lower interest rates and less investable funds due to our increased acquisition activities. For other income, we had approximately $2 million in the current quarter. In the third quarter of last year, we had $8.6 million of other income, which was primarily due to gains on the sales of various books of businesses. This decrease of $6.6 million in the other income revenue accounts, it accounts for almost 80% of the $8.3 million of the total reduction in our pre-tax income of the current quarter when compared to last year's third quarter. As it relates to our expenses in pre-tax margins, our pre-tax margin for the third quarter was 27.2% compared to last year's third quarter of 31.8%, a reduction of 4.6 percentage points. As we've mentioned on previous quarterly earnings conference calls, as long as we remain in the soft market cycle that creates the negative internal growth we'll probably continue to see some margin compression. In the current quarter, employee compensations and benefits increased 2.9 percentage points to 49.5% of total revenues, or an increase of $11.7 million of total dollars. If you look at just employee compensation and benefit that relate to just new acquisitions that are standalone by themselves since October 1st, they account for actually $13.4 million of total employee compensation and benefit charges versus the net of $11.7 million. So therefore, just the opposite on a same-store sales basis actually had a net reduction in employee compensation of about $1.7 million. Now that's compared to the revenue decrease on those same existing office is about $7.7 million of commissions and fees and about $16 million of total revenues, when you look at other income and that is the main reasons why the margin compression occurred on that line item. Our non-cash stock-based compensation cost was $1.8 million in the third quarter of 2008, which is an increase of about $300,000 and that's due to adjusted performance stock plan grants that were issued in February and April this year. In the current quarter, other operating expenses increased 0.8 percentage points to 14.7% of total revenues or $3.5 million of actual dollars. The other operating expense relate to adjusted new standalone acquisitions since last year accounted for $3.8 million of that total. Therefore, the offices on a comparable same-store sales basis had a net reduction of other operating expenses of about $300,000. Again, the increase in the cost as a percentage of total revenue was mainly driven by the revenue reductions. Amortization, depreciation expense on a combined basis increased about $2.1 million and that's just due to the number of acquisitions that have occurred in the last 12 months. Our interest expense is consistent with the expected quarterly expense of about $3.9 million. Our effective tax rate is running about 39.5%, which is slightly higher than the previous quarters because as a result of lower earnings but with the same effective amount of permanent tax differences. Our third quarter... our nine months year-to-date numbers are very similar to the third quarter numbers and we will just end by saying that for the nine months ended '08, we earned $0.94 per share. And that's about a 9.6% decrease from the $1.4 that we earned in the first nine months ended September 30, 2007 when you exclude last year's Rock-Tenn gain. Now from a balance sheet perspective, at September 30, 2008, we had $240.6 million of cash, which we conservatively report in the restricted cash line. However, only a $139 million of these funds are in legally restricted premium trust accounts. Therefore, we have approximately $100 million of liquid cash. In addition, we are fortunate to have two very strong vendors standing behind us and that is SunTrust and Prudential Capital Markets Group, where SunTrust, we currently have a $50 million revolving line of credit with an according feature for another $50 million. And, then Prudential Capital, we have $150 million credit facility that gives us access to seven-year and ten-year monies. Finally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2008, $221.6 million of cash was used to pay for various acquisitions. And that includes any settlements of earn out provisions from prior year acquisition. So with that financial overview, I will turn it back to Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Cory, good report. Florida Retail last quarter was down in a minus 15.5, this quarter minus 9.3. The spine in Florida, which is Lakeland, Orlando, Leesburg, Oklahoma [ph] or Jacksonville, which is a different part of Florida from an insurance standpoint, the admitted markets are now looking at good property. Existing property accounts is minus 10%, but there is more capacity. The economy is down 5% to 30%, depending on whether you are in the contracting business or not and no existing risk bearer will let an account go if they get the last look. So, that means that there is not as much turnover in accounts as you might expect. Thankfully, it's off 10% to 15% in terms of pricing. Tampa to Naples, this is where the economy is kind of really the softest in Florida, Naples to Sarasota is really the worst, over build in terms of homes. So the citizens believe it or not has reduced their rates again. From frame and joists in maintaining condominiums by instituting an additional mitigation credit and this will vary from 5% to 25% and it varies with the region of the state. There is some feeling of renewal flattening. First time we've seeing that, and that's forward-looking, looking at November and December renewals. The casualty of prices are flattening a little bit down in that area of Florida. But the exposures are also down 20% to 30% particularly when you're looking at contractors. Our largest contractor in that area of Florida, two years ago had 527 employees, now have 57 employees. The Tri-County area, which is Broward, Dade and Palm Beach County, there are still no movement by middle markets to write new property, not a better property maybe close to the bottom, currently 0% to 15%. Condo values are going up because of the requirements to have current appraisals. And, apparently what has happened is that the values that have been used on many of the policies were lower than the actual values even though values may have reduced a little bit today. So, therefore we are getting some increase there. The cash flow including auto is still down 10% to 20%. And in the Tri-County area, property older than 1994, is going flat, that's different. So, in Florida, synopsis one no underwriter will lose an account that's true really countrywide, two, the economy is effecting casually exposures, three, workers comp is very soft. Now, there is another 18% believe or not rate reduction starting January 1 of '09. There is a feeling of rate reduction... of resistance to rate reduction and employee benefit is up 3% to 4% now prices are up more than that. But when you get through the downdraft in employment and the change in benefits is positive 3% to 4%. National retail was a negative 6% to 8%, now is a negative 1%. Georgia, South Carolina same as last quarter, carriers are not meeting sales goals. The economy is better than Florida but still down 5% to 15% exposures are also flattish except in the area of contractors. Georgia workers comp is flattish that's a change. South Carolina workers comp is still staying the same, very competitive of 10% to 15% and in Virginia the renewals, prices maybe slowing, maybe 7% to 10% down. Exposure basis are down. Marine rates minus 5% to 7% kind of a little more stable. Workers comp 5% to 7% not as competitive as 90 days ago. Testifying your condo rates are flattish now to maybe 5% or 4% and the reason they're flattish it goes again they are lower $0.07 on a condo is about... that's rock bottom. Workers comp is very competitive, social services flat on small accounts minus 5 on others, the market downdraft maybe slowing. Economy is soft, exposure is down 5% to 25%. In New Jersey, there is a malice. If you take a circle around the New York City, there is kind of a dark cloud there and the reason is because of the financial meltdown. And so exposure units on developers is down 20% to 40%, renewals are down 10%, new business is crazy. So anybody who wants to write an account away from someone else is going to have to be 20% to 35% of renewals... prior renewal pricing. And some companies are starting to try to push back on rate reductions, not being very successful. Connecticut renewals down to 10% to 15%. Renewals downdraft is slowing. Workers comp very competitive, exposure units down 5% to 10%. Upstate New York renewals and it's been a little, there has been a little push back in upstate New York for a while. The renewals now are down 0% to 5% and maybe 10% to 15% exposure units, other than contractors is kind of flattish to down a little bit. Workers comp is kind of a mess, primarily because the self insured funds are losing business in this kind of moving around, because of some change in this. Looking into the oil patch, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma renewals minus 5% to 15% but slowing, workers comp is very aggressive 25% plus deviations. As a result of energy, the energy patch. Related exposure units to energy are all up. Sub-prime not a big deal in that area. Louisiana renewals are flat a minus 3% or 4%, Citizens is flat, they are the largest writer, in the state. None admitted now better than Citizens, marine is stable. Workers comp soft minus 10% to 15%. Lot's of consent to rate. The economy is now being influenced by energy. Same thing in Houston, workers comp is very soft minus 15%, but property is now flat and the reason is Ike and it had an effect. The economy is strong, again, energy, and then contractors, there maybe a little difference now in contractors in that area for the simple reason that there's going to be a lot of work available as a result of the hurricane. In the Indiana renewals workers comp down ten, casualty property down 10% to 15%. Some push back, some push back on pricing, new business very competitive. Economy is down some but not, not vigorously down. In Illinois, renewals are down 5% to maybe 8%. Workers comp is very competitive I understand, the economy is down there it's a little more downdraft in the areas of Illinois where we are than it is in the Indiana. With constant renewals, workers comp is flattening, rates maybe flat up 4% that's different and there is supposed to be an increase in '09. Casualty minus 5% to 8%, property is flat. There were some substantial hail loses in that area and that's tightened up the companies a little bit and the exposure units are flat to down 5%. In Minnesota workers comp is relatively flat. They're supposed to be a 5% rate increase in '09; I'm not sure about that. Geo Leonardo [ph] minus 5% to 10%, the economy there, its okay flat to maybe slightly up except for construction and that's all 15% to 20%. And, manufacturer is down to flat. Throughout west, still the most competitive part of the United States for retail was minus 12%, but its now minus 8.1%. Las Vegas is kind of a wasteland in terms of what's going on there. The rates in the property cases are 5% to 10%. The economy though is really bad, building is kind of going on to the boulevard and contractors are closing their doors. In Oregon and Washington renewals are minus 5% to 15%, but the downdraft has slowed. The economy in Portland is flat, Seattle economy is slightly positive. California workers comp down 10% to 12% was 25% to 30%, 90 and 120 days ago. Supposed to be a rate increase January 1, not probably going to happen, but it is changing. Rural West, in California and Mexico, Colorado there are flat renewals and particularly little bit up in agricultural areas. Colorado, New Mexico renewals are 5% to 10% down and their economy is not too bad it's flat to down a little bit. One thing I would mention, we have our profit center at St. Louise call key personnel insurance plan and what they do is they do cargo insurance for small and middle size and some larger business. It's B2B business-to-business and some B2C. In the last five years, only five months in the last five years have we had down shipping and four of those five months that down shipping the same month previous year, for those five months were in '08 in January, it was off $0.04 to 1% these are the shipping amount of shipping. April minus 3.6%, July minus 2.7% and September minus 9.1%. So conclusion there is some slowing in the pricing downdraft maybe. Number two, the economy is not good and varies with the area of the country. And three, acquisition opportunities, okay on that. Powell?
J. Powell Brown - President: Thank you, Hyatt. Brokerage was down 17% this quarter and as you know a greater volatility typically than retail in the down part of the cycle and typically greater upside and its hardening part of the market. Property, transactional property rates we're seeing down 10% to 25%. Casualty premiums are impacted, one by standard market pressure and that premiums over a $100,000 are down typically 0% to 20%. Those premiums under a $100,000 in premium would be down 0% to 25%. Construction accounts across the country were typically seeing exposures units down 0% to 20% and on top of that they are looking for rate decreases of upwards of 20% as well. Professional liability, typically accounts over $100,000 million and under a $100,000 million in premium are seeing reductions from 0% to 20%. Anything in the financial institutions, real estate or mortgage space seeing rate up typically 15% to 20% or more. In the binding authority business in Florida, rates are down 0% to 10% with continued standard market intrusion. Personal lines in Florida, we continue to see the non-rated carriers and Citizens impacting that business. National Binding Authority business is down 10% to 15% and the standard market continues to have an impact there. Professional National Program is up 4%, lawyers the rates are down 5% to 10% and dental typically flat. In the other national programs with accounts of over $75,000 million in premium on an individual account, typically those are seeing rate decreases of 10% to 20%, but as you know many of the premiums in national programs are smaller than that. And special programs were up 9.2%, public entity the business rates are down in Q3, 15% to 20% and professional liability on public entities typically down 0% to 20%. FIU this quarter was up, win rates continue to stabilize Citizens multi-peril policies continue to be all over the board and excellent business is very, very competitive. Proctor Financial was up again in Q3, that's our fourth placed bank coverage, and we continue to see opportunities there, in a segment of our business is somewhat counter cyclical. In the services arena, finally, as you may remember, we had an account that took a portion of their business in-house a year ago, and that has run through the numbers, and all of the operations are in line with expectations. So with that'll turn back over to you Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Jim?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: All right. Thank you, Hyatt and Powell. For 2008, the third quarter continued a very active acquisition period for Brown & Brown. In the third quarter, we announced 11 transactions, just included a book of business for $22.1 million, and forward end loss revenues. For the year, we... in our announcement, we indicated there was 44 transactions this includes a number of multiple entities within a given agency representing some 34 agencies, 34 agencies year-to-date, purchased for $99.6 million in forward revenues for the year 2008. This compares to 26 transactions for all of 2007, and all of 2007 was a $104.6 million. The average size of the transaction for 2008 is about $3.2 million as compared to the $4 million plus in 2007. This change in size is primarily a result of purchasing a greater number, fold-in opportunities in 2008 versus the prior year. Such fold-ins occur generally at a higher margin personally than the free standing locations, and is very attractive to us. The agencies require capital and cash flow and Cory mentioned before that we are well stocked with powder to use to acquire if and when we need to. In addition, for 2008, as he mentioned there is approximately $175 million in free cash flow with the vast majority of this, that will be used for purchasing agencies forward. At the margin level at which we purchased agencies, it requires $1.50 to $2 to purchase $8 of new annualized revenues. When we're talking to agencies to join us, there are several factors that tends to be leading to this increased activity. The soft market as we described is certainly one of those. The question about the forward economy in terms of now or later for those agencies looking at selling at some point and there is continuation and perhaps reality of a change in the tax environment in terms of capital gains out there that may impact the net proceeds for the seller. In addition of that there is the various publications on agency activity, any case that there is a reduction in acquisition activity for banks and by venture capital firms, in cases there is less buyers out there in the market than previous. To summarize the agency M&A environment, this is the best of times in a couple of sense. Number one, we have an ample supply of motivated sellers. And number two, we are purchasing revenues at a lower point in insurance market cycle compared to higher rates. We will continue to exercise our discipline approach. And as we have for now some 25 plus years we will stay in our core confidence. With that I turn it back over to Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much Jim, good report. And Elizabeth will open up the floor to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Keith Walsh of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Hi, good morning everybody.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: I guess first question for Hyatt, in your pricing commentary, a lot of talk about flattening maybe just generally overall like what... how would you tie this all together, what's causing or we had a bottom here in the pricing cycle? And then to follow-up on that, maybe any gains in pricing, is that going to be offset by slowing of exposures due to an economic slowdown? Then I have a follow up. Thanks.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Number one; don't forget sales people have a tendency to be optimist. And so, when I'm hearing this pushback it's there, but, is it a momentary thing as a result of all the things that are being happening in the financial markets, or is it truly a change and we are not really sure at the moment. It seems like it's a change because a number of the companies are looking at higher combined ratio, some over a hundred particularly on an accident year basis. So, that's that piece. It is definitely changed, that's the first thing. Second thing is relative to the economy itself. That's a really difficult question to answer. We are looking and we have been, don't forget, this downdraft in building didn't just start, last month, it's been going on, coming on now for six to eight months. So we've been having downdrafts on renewal pricing really probably since the first of the year, but it's got a little worst. So what do I think about the economy, I think the economy is going to continue to be fairly difficult in Florida, Arizona, Nevada, and Southern California, elsewhere it seems to be different. And so, it's very difficult for us to try to say okay, if the flattening is truly flattening, but the downdraft in the economy is down 5% to 10%, what does that really mean? And we have no way of prognosticating that. So my sense earlier is the economy is going to probably bottom out in this quarter meaning Q4. And, then, next year is going to be kind of tough, but it maybe tough like for the whole year. And, if so, and if the rates are truly sort of bottoming, then you can draw your own conclusions.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Thank you very much. And, then just a follow-up, as for yourself or Powell. Specifically on AIG, maybe talk about the impact they are having on pricing just by maybe reducing capacity as a different entity now. And how much of your placement is through AIG and how much of that do you think can move? Thanks.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well--
J. Powell Brown - President: First, Keith, this is Powell. I would tell you that we have not seen a reduction of capacity with AIG. So, that's the first thing. And number two, AIG is doing everything in their power to retain their business in terms of... they priced their accounts very competitively, typically. And in some parts of their business more than others, they have competitive advantages or defensible positions i.e. in markets like the Lexington where they write a lot of primary property in coastal communities. So I think to answer your question, simply one, we have not seen a reduction in capacity at the present. Two, their pricing continues to be as competitive as it has ever been if not more so. Three, we do write a large portion of our business, about 5% of our total written premiums are with the AIG companies and we continue to write business with them, new and renewal business, as we have before.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Michael Grasher of Piper Jaffrey.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Good morning, gentlemen.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Jim, I wanted to follow-up with you on a couple of things. Are the revenues at a lower level, could you explain that in a little bit more detail?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, as I mentioned, the average transaction size is lower, and so its not we're buying smaller agencies necessarily. For 2008, we had a greater number we had 14 fold-in opportunities. So this would be...we already have an office in that community, and there is a perhaps a small local agency there. We are able to fold-in. And there's typically our smaller, under about $2 million - $3 million, it's difficult for us to set up a new location, but we can fold-in either books of business or smaller agencies into an existing location and that's very attractive. So, we are not targeting or looking at anything different or any size characteristics, it's just the included more of these fold-ins in 2008 versus 2007.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just to follow-up on that in terms of the size component. What is the... or is there sort of a qualifier I guess on one end and then what would be considered sort of too large for you to take a look at?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, on a free stand location today, we really need about $2 million to $3 million on the low side as to a new free standing location to have enough revenue for the resources to get our model. On the upside, there is really not I mean, we have looked at a number of opportunities and some of those are very evident. There's been traded ownership the last few years. But in those is one where the price becomes so competitive where the note is accretive o the standpoint of our shareholders that, does that really command that we take our resources and go purchase a large chunk of revenue that frankly doesn't deliver the earnings as compared to doing in a 25 - 30 smaller transactions compared to that larger one. So it really have to do with the sustainability, the quality of earnings not as the size but we're not... the whole transaction a couple of years ago was about a $64 million transaction and funded very well. So it has to do with sustainability, risk the larger the risk and generally the larger as the pricing is more competitive on the larger deals.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: And do you find the pricing as it... the larger deals. Okay, so it's more competitive at that point. But, the standpoint of retention does that... is the pricing impaired more because of the retention factor or the larger the deal size?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: No, I think it's just the competitive you have more players willing to go after a larger deal, with that. And so--
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: With now regard for uncertainty?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I would as I... certainly, they are trying to evaluate as we are too. But, if you look at the transactions that's been announced this past year by others you will find in there that their purchase value compared to trailing earnings was very, very aggressive. Meaning the multiples were still probably north of 8 to 9 times. And that pricing model really just doesn't fit for us.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Fair enough. And, then to Hyatt just wanted to follow-up with your comments around, workers comp in California, if you could expand on that. I think you were hinting at perhaps there would not be a rate increase?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That is what I am hearing. What I'm saying is there is no question about the fact that downdraft on renewals in terms of pricing has slowed. We've actually even seen on I think two accounts where the renewal price has been the same, which that's not happened for four or five years. But there is a recommendation for rate increase. We don't see it as of January 1st we don't see it being adopted.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Interesting. Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nik Fisken from Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Nick.
J. Powell Brown - President: Good morning.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: I don't know who wants to tackle this one, but if I look at the last several quarters, you guys have been down, year-on-year on earnings per share. And I wonder just kind of, have you guys walked through how confident you are that those year-on-year decreases are behind us?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think I can answer that question. We don't know just like you don't know and the bottom-line is the game plan is the game plan. We continue to emphasize growth and margins. We're not going to satisfy; we're not going to sacrifice margins for buying something that doesn't produce margins pretty quickly going forward. The economy now though Nik, is the joker in the deck. That is the piece that has occurred during the last year. That has been sort of a surprise. So, we are no less optimistic about the future today than we've ever been. However, what we know is, is that the economy is the joker in the deck and for the next year going into '09, it's going to be difficult. Now having said that, its also a positive for us and the positive is that A; we are under leveraged. B; we have a substantial amount of cash flow. And C; we've got the people who can make it happen and we are saying an increase of people saying well, maybe we have had all to join up and the advantage of doing the smaller deals is that we have understanding on day one after the acquisition of exactly how it's going to be operated and what the changes should going to be and etcetera, etcetera. In other words, an understood game plan with the seller as opposed to a much larger operation where you can't really get your arms around all the various locations and because of the fact that the size and generally because it's being hawked by, some investment people. We can't get inside it like we do with the most of our acquisitions. So, we're kind of positive about the future, to the contract not withstanding, that we're running into a headwind that is fairly strong from the economy and when that turns around, then things are going to be good.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Thank you. And then Jim, on the M&A pipeline, are... is the pipeline slowing at all or is it still as full as ever?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: No, it's not, Nik. It's been very active. I think I don't I know you hear this from so many different people there, but if you look at our transaction account, its up. We've seen no reduction in that. Hyatt touched on the fact that there is probably more people that is calling and say look, this is the time. The fact that we can't acquire in that under $3 million - $4 million revenue size agency out there is an extremely important advantage to us, because if that area is the greatest count, as you all know, there's still some 20,000 plus of those agencies out there. Many of which really don't have a long-term game plan as to how do they perpetuate, and we become their best option. So we're going to continue to feed off that opportunity. With that, we're very bullish on that, summarizing Hyatt's comments, if we... a $150 million transaction revenue versus let's say $50 million that represent $150 million, the latter meaning 50 transactions is a much less risky play than the one big one. So it doesn't mean we wouldn't do it, but I'll tell you what in this market, we'll take the ones these tootsies [ph] generate earnings and go forward.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Hughes of Suntrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. Could you give me a snapshot maybe of employee retention in light of kind of the volatility with the stock, particularly thinking of companies or brokers you might have added to this table two or three years ago, how should we look at retention?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well retention is about like it's always been, although it's probably a little stickier today. One of the reasons it's stickier today is everybody is kind of concerned about the future, and they look around and see all of the companies that have been taken private. And of course then the employment has been slashed in a very bloody fashion. And then you look at all financial services businesses that have gone broke. Brown & Brown looks pretty damn good, and so frankly, retention is not a problem. One other things we are finding is, we are having an increased number of people coming to us looking to move from another place for various reasons and we are looking at some pretty good people. We have to be very careful, because people bring to us a culture and where they come to us from a field culture that's not a good thing. And, so we have to be careful, but lots of good people out there and we are going to take advantages of some of that.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: How should we think about the organic growth in the fourth quarter, you've got an easier comp, maybe flattening market, still chop the economy? What should, we think about?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are still thinking about it. That's the answer.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And then finally, outlook now for further contingent earn out payments for acquisitions you have done in prior quarters, what's the kind of the remaining balance?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Cory?
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: If every acquisition were to max out. We still have about $224 million. For instance in the fourth quarter there is $41 million that could be earned, but I can tell you that's not going to be earned. So, there would not be much payout in the fourth quarter. For '09, we probably have somewhere around $63 million. But, I bet you $16 million to $18 million of that clearly is... would not be earned because of the downdraft in the market. And then, going out to '10, '11, '12, those earn outs just really getting started but every quarter in the queue will have schedule. So kind of roughly just top off my head we're probably in the $30 million range in '10 and maybe around the $80 million in '11 and '12 will be about $4 million. So there is some rough numbers of this earn out potentials.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Lewis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Good morning, gentleman.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, David.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Some of these questions have already been asked but I will go at it a little bit different angle start with you Jim, first of all with the bank problems out there. Is there any discussion that any of the major banks that have brokerage operations would look at a divestiture?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, as I think there is a... in the case of Wachovia before Wells came in as you are probably aware that the Wachovia's interest operations on the market. We have purchased last year well '08 and '07, two different bank on agencies nothing large. We have another who we're talking to and there is rumors out there of others. So I think that could very well be an opportunity. We have seen issues inside these agencies. I mean, the bank on agencies about how they connect it to the bank, perhaps they've not really as well as a planned. So I think that's, that will be an opportunity going forward. We have contacted several, indicate that we have an answer for them if they choose to sell those properties and we like to look at them. So it will be an opportunity.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Jim in the Wachovia situation, does that mean that given Wells being the new acquirer, they're going to take that off the market or what have you heard?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes they have, we understand they have taken it off the market.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Okay. And then also on the M&A side, is there an acceleration in activity and talks before the potential changing of the guards and a likely capital gains raise as we go into '09?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, there hasn't as a matter of fact, we're getting calls and saying look we... can you free up and do something before one - one or certainly in the first quarter of next year, because of the election, and some pending changes almost seems now that the lot of prediction is that... we'll have the next year, the change in the capital gains rate. So it is very much on the minds of a lot of sellers as to how do we go ahead and if we're going to do this, now's the time to do it. So I think we'll... we're going to have a very continued active I think end of the year, and the next year as well.
David Lewis - Raymond James: That's helpful. Hyatt and Powell, AIG, I understand the professional liability underwriters, or at least some underwriting groups have moved to Berkeley and Ace and have brought a lot of business over I know, Powell you indicated your continuing to write, more continuing to write with AIG. I guess my concern is that you are going to see more underwriting teams pull out. I know that wouldn't necessarily affect you, but clearly they're going to go good solid competitors that would have strong balance sheets, but don't you get a sense that AIG is probably going to ultimately loose 20% to 40% of their business over the next 24 months?
J. Powell Brown - President: Well David, that would be speculation on our part, we would say that if people do leave, and I know that there are certain groups that are leaving that will obviously impact their business. It's something that they are obviously very sensitive to, and we, as an agency, have to do what's in the best interest of our clients. And so we're bringing them options and an option maybe AIG, where it may also be one of those other carriers that you've named. But we haven't speculated on how it will impact their business. There are a lot of people out there, not only in the investment community, but in the insurance marketplace, who are speculating on what their ultimate in the game will be and if in fact they will have to sell only their core insurance operations. We are not speculating on that, but many people out there as you know, are saying in order to payback the loan you are going to probably have to sell some of the core operations if not all of them.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Yes, and I agree with that. When you talk to risk manager, a business owner and they are kind of looking at keeping the risk within AIG my guess is the longer the tale the more cautious are going to be versus the shorter tales kind of what I'm hearing out there is that your sense as well?
J. Powell Brown - President: I think that's a very fair statement. David and as I said earlier some of their business they have built a bunker around it. And so, for example, as you know, they are the lead carrier on lot of Directors, Masters liability on large financial institutions. Well, their second option, meaning from a buyer standpoint might be 30% or 40% higher in premium. So, that risk manager and our buyer is weighing one what they think is the long-term viability of this company. And two, their ability to pay in the near to short-term in the event of a loss.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Terrific. All right, shifting gears, kind of overall pricing environment, if we look at I guess the question is our insurance executive is going to become a little more cautious with their capital one looking at the AIG situation. But more importantly their investment portfolios, I mean, is that a part of the reason that we're going to probably see pricing at least stabilized to some degree as we go into '09, any thoughts there?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, this is Hyatt. We don't know that those prices are going to stabilize David. We obviously would like to see it stabilize. But we'll believe it when we see it. But I can't tell you that the insurance companies executives that we talk to are getting antsy. And are they antsy enough to really put up a front and then execute, I don't know. But when you put together everything that's happening, don't forget in an economic downturn, one of the things that happens which doesn't appear right up front but it starts to appear quickly is you have more workers comp clients. And the reason is because people get laid off and just before they get laid off they have a back entry or something. So there is going to be an increase in loss ratios and the one line of insurance I know you get it from my remarks that is the most competitive, countrywide is workers compensation. So once that line starts to turn, then a lots of things happen.
David Lewis - Raymond James: The unsafe things as we've seen some workers comp companies and disability company say they don't think their claims are economically censored this would be the first time in my career?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, me too.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Cory, a couple of number of questions for you my guess is if we can look at the flattish down pricing environment that's going to imply that we're going to see some further margin pressure in 2009 that's one. Two really thoughts on the contingent commission outlook for '09? And three, maybe give us current run-rate for '09 amortization and separately depreciation? Thanks.
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Well the margins if the rate decreases continue the same level in the 5 to 6 yes there will be as you get flatter to even close to flatter or it maybe just down a little bit, then I think the margins don't get compressed as much. So leave it at that. On the contingents, if the loss ratios are going up, then that basically translates into less contingents into the future. And then third, the run-rates on amortization because the acquisition activity has gone up, it will the current quarter... your current quarter is the best indicator of that going forward. So, I leave at that and the next quarter we'll kind of give an update of what our budget process kind of reflects.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Cory, what were those fourth quarter run-rates again for amortization and depreciation?
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: It would be very comparable to third quarter here.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Okay. So 2009 contingents, given the soft pricing and deteriorating profitability, assuming no future acquisitions obviously, so would we look at contingents probably down 10%?
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: It's anybody's guess. I think we're going to be down because of the loss ratios, but--
David Lewis - Raymond James: And that would--
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: We don't have a budget for contingents, because you just as told it's very difficult to project it.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Yes, but that's fine not unreasonable starting point, right?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you are comfortable with it, I am comfortable with it.
David Lewis - Raymond James: Thanks very much.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay David.
J. Powell Brown - President: We can have only one more question because we have an 08:30 meeting that we've to go to.
Operator: Our last question will come from Keith Alexander of JPMorgan.
Keith Alexander - JPMorgan: I'll make it easy on you guys. All my questions have been answered.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. All right, we take one more question then if that's through.
Operator: We have Scott Holeniac [ph] from RBC Capital Markets.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Scott. You're on.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Good morning. Just wondering if you've seen a change at all in the sellers expectations, I guess over the past couple of months, and what kind of impact that's having on pricing and also deal multiples, any impact at all there, or its just pricing pretty much the same as it was a quarter or two ago, or is it sliding down noticeably?
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: We have noticed that there is some sliding down in the pricing. We've tried to be a factor in leading that and there's probably a couple of deals that we've prolonged then because we've gone out there with a multiple, that we view to stay with or reducing it based upon expectation. So I think the... a few of the brokers out there this and the thought in the transaction business for agencies their indication as they have seen, some retrenchment of pricing, and we have experienced that as well.
Unidentified Analyst: So that just in the last month or two, or is?
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: No I think it's probably, maybe last quarter to six months at most.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And in the program business is up nicely. Just wondering if you could elaborate on that, what kind of lines and territories you are seeing the growth there?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the major growth, Scott, as Powell, continues to be Proctor leads the clubhouse and if you look, Q1, Q2 and Q3, they had, there the area that's grown the most because as you know, that bank forced place cover, which is counter cyclical. So that and FIU has not only flattened, but it's gone up slightly. So those are the two areas lied of the back where you are seeing some of that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And, then finally, the Florida takeout companies buying more policies from Citizens, can you talk about the commission differential there? Are you getting a higher participation rate in that business and just what kind of impact in general are you seeing or do you expect to see from this? I would assume there will be more of these coming?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, as you probably know in order to form a peg out company, you have to have $5 million through an investment group. And so, it's not that significant relative to the financial stability of an A rated insurance company. They are not rated, and we don't do business with carriers that are unrated typically. And they do not have support of the Ford Insurance Guarantee Association. So there are policies being taken out by Citizens to take out companies and in the event of an insolvency of one of those carriers where they have pushed policies into a take out company. There is not an obligation on behalf of the agent because of the insolvency of that carrier. Having said that, when Citizens pushes personal lined accounts into one of those take out companies, we will do business with them otherwise we don't have assurances from the State of Florida based upon their financial stability or solvency going forward. So the premium or the commission I'm sorry is typically in line with the E&S marketplace. But that's a long one to answer is saying we don't do a lot of business with take out companies because of what I just said.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough thanks a lot.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Cory Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Okay I think that does it, thank you very much. Thank you, Elizabeth.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect at any time. Thank you and have a great day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and CEO Cory Walker - CFO, Sr. VP and Treasurer J. Powell Brown - President Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest Farrell Dan - Fox-Pitt Kelton Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc. Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc. Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events including financial performance and that such events... excuse me at such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions are the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired, or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors including those risk and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Listeners are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. And those actual results and events may differ from those indicated in this call. Such differences may be immaterial. With that said, Mr. Brown, I would like to turn the call over to you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. The batting order is the same. Cory will go on first, me second, Powell third and Jim Henderson fourth and some including remarks and then questions. So, Cory, take it away.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Alright, thanks Hyatt. The challenges of the soft insurance market continued in the second quarter of '08. Additionally, when I am going to compare the 2008 results to those of 2007, please keep in mind that we had $9.8 million gain or $0.04 per share in the second quarter of 2007 on the sale of our remaining stock investment in the Rock-Tenn Company. Also in the first quarter of 2007, we realized an $8.8 million gain, which also rounded the $0.04 per share on the first group of the Rock-Tenn stock that we sold. Therefore, for the entire six month period of 2007, we realized a total gain from the sale of all of our investment in the Rock-Tenn Company of $18.6 million. Therefore, all of the following comparison that I'll make for 2008 against the 2007 results will be excluding those non-recurring gains from the sale of the Rock-Tenn investment. Our net income for the second quarter of 2008 was $40.4 million, and it was down 12.1% from last year's second quarter net income of $46 million. Correspondently, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.29, down from the $0.33 we earned in the second quarter of '07. From a revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 3.6% to $238.8 million. That's up from the $230.5 million we earned in the second quarter of last year. Included in the press release is our table that summarizes the total growth rate and the internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees, which obviously excludes the contingent commissions. In the second quarter of '08, we received $5.4 million of profit sharing continued commissions compared to the $2.7 million that we received in the second quarter last year. For the rest of the year, we expect to receive an additional $9 million of profit sharing contingent commissions in the third quarter and maybe we'll receive another million dollars possibly in the fourth quarter. Now looking at the internal growth schedule, our internal growth rate for the quarter was a negative 7.9%. Our total core commissions and fees for the quarter increased 3.8% or $8.6 million of total new commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $26.3 million of acquired revenue. That means that we had $17.7 million less commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis. As the internal growth schedule indicates, the vast majority of the negative internal growth came from a broad base impact of our retail and wholesale operations. Hyatt, Jim and Powell will talk about the activities in each of these business segments in a minute. Well moving on to investment income excluding the $9.8 million gain in the second quarter due to the sale of the Rock-Tenn stock, our investment income decreased by $1.3 million, which is primarily due to lower interest rates this year and less investible funds due our increased acquisition activity. Our other income only had about a million dollars in this quarter, which is primarily gains from the sales of a few books of business and other. As it relates to our expenses and our pretax margins, our pretax margin for the second quarter of '08 was 27.6% of total revenues compared with the prior year's margin of 31.5%. That's a reduction of 3.9 percentage points. As we have mentioned in the previous quarter conference calls, as long as we remain in a soft market that creates a negative internal growth rate, we'll probably continue to see some margin compression. In the current quarter, our employee compensation benefits increased 2.3 percentage points to 49.9% of total revenues, which represents approximately $7.9 million of net additional average cost over the prior year's comparable quarter. The employee compensation and benefits relating to just standalone acquisitions accounted for $11.7 million. Therefore, on a nearly comparable same-store sales basis, those offices existing in both quarters had an aggregate reduction of employee compensation benefit cost of $3.8 million. One area of our compensation that did increase over the 2007 second quarter was that of salaried producers, which consist of our new producers that have not yet validated on a straight commission model. For the quarter, this compensation increased $1.3 million. We've always invested in our new producers and talents and will continue to do so in the future. Related to our non-cash stock-based compensation cost, it was $1.8 million from the second quarter, which is an increase of approximately $0.5 million. And this is due to the new performance stock grants that were given in February and April this year. In the current quarter, other operating expenses increased 0.9 percentage point to 14.2% of total revenues, which represents approximately $2.8 million of net additional average cost over prior year's comparable quarter. The other operating expenses relating to just the standalone acquisitions again accounted for approximately $3.2 million. Therefore, on a comparable... somewhat comparable same-store sales basis, those... that were in both quarters had an aggregate reduction of other operating expenses of less than $1 million. Amortization and depreciation expense on a combined basis increased approximately $1.5 million due to the number of acquisitions that occurred in the last 12 months. Interest expense is consistent with the expected quarterly amount of about $3.7 million. Now our effective tax rate tweaked up a little bit and is currently expected to run about 39.3%, and this is really more of a mathematical problem [ph] that as the quarterly revenues drop, we have effectively the same amount of permanent tax differences and so therefore the rate tweaks up just a little bit. Now just these trends that we just talked about in the second quarter are very consistent with what's occurred on the 6 month year-to-date. So I won't go through the line by line comparison on a year-to-date basis other than to say that our earnings per share for the six month period ended June 30, 2008 excluding the Rock-Tenn gain... well, excluding Rock-Tenn in '07, we made $0.65 this quarter compared to 8.5... which was an 8.5 decrease to the $0.71 without the Rock-Tenn stock in the six month ended June 30, '07. Now turning to the balance sheet, one item that I would like to point out is that for years, we have reported cash on a very conservative approach. At June 30th, we have approximately $215 million of cash throughout our system, of which only approximately $115 million were in legally restricted premium trust accounts. There are a handful of states that require separate standalone premium trust accounts like New York, California, Illinois. But the vast majority of the states allow for the commingling of our cash account. However, we follow a more conservative approach, and instead just reporting the $115 million that's actually in the premium trust account as restricted, we do make a mathematical calculation of the amount of cash that will ultimately be paid to the insurance carriers by taking the total amount of accounts payable due to the insurance carriers less the accounts receivable that we have not yet collected from our customers in order to calculate a theoretically determined amount of cash that must have been collected for premium payment. It's this balance that we include fully as restricted cash. And then anything in excess of that restricted cash does get put into the cash and cash equivalent line item. The main reason that we have used up the excess cash as of June 30th is that for the six month period ended June 3rd... well, for the quarter ended June 3rd, we have spent about $110 million on acquisition-related payments. From our borrowing power standpoint, as of June 30th of 2008, we have a remaining $150 million available on our Prudential Insurance Company borrowing facility and additionally; we have a five year $50 million line of credit with SunTrust that actually has an accordion feature to borrow another $50 million on top of that. So essentially, all that means is from our financial position, it is very strong as of June 30th. So with that financial overview, I'll turn it back to Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Cory. Moving to Florida retail, this was a not very good quarter. Last quarter, we were a negative 7.2% growth and this quarter with a negative 15.5%. So what's happened in the last 90 days? Two things: greater impact from the economy, but also rates are still going south. So let's talk about the rates for a moment. Property rates in the last 90 days, since 90 days ago, property rates are generally down 10% to 15%. Much habitational property is moving out of Citizens except in the Tri-County area, and of course Tri-County is now... that's changing also. All markets are offering lower wind deductibles and broadened coverage, i.e. non-admitted paper is now offering agreed amount of endorsement, which effectively waives the coinsurance provision and in some cases even blanket covers, almost unbelievable. There are a substantial amount of cancellation and rewrites that are going on. And that's... and the reason is that as business was written in Citizens last year or in non-admitted carriers last year, now the rates are at a level where a cancellation, a short rate cancellation provision will be overcome by the savings. Let me give you a... the worst example that I was able to come up with. This is a North Florida account. It was written in November of last year. It was property wind [ph] included $151,000 in premium. We rewrote it in May of this year for $63,000 in premium and that's a 58% reduction. So that's just one of the things that's going on. Additionally, the Hartford, I might mention, is non-renewing all of their home owners in Florida, and that's starting as of August 1. In the West Coast of Florida, now the economy is having a greater impact from really Sarasota South and Palm Beach South. Now one of the reasons for that is a little bit unique to Florida, and that is in '04 and '05, there were, as you know, several hurricanes. There were about $14 billion of claims dollars that were paid to reconstruct, rebuild et cetera, et cetera. If you multiply that times the normal multiplier of four, that's $160 billion that was injected in '04, '05, '06 and started to shrink out in '07. That's part of what's going on. If you look from Sarasota to Naples, home building has basically dried up. I think the highest foreclosure rate in the United States is in the Fort Myers area. So having said that, most contractors payrolls are down 40% to 60% and of course home builders are more. Looking at the span of [ph] Florida, now a little difference there in the economy. They didn't have as much hurricane claims. Therefore, the injection into the economy wasn't as substantial and we're seeing admitted property markets taking business in Central and North Florida that was in non-admitted markets. In the Tri-County, casualty is down 10% to 15%. Workers' comp is down 15% to 18%, exposure units down in all construction 25% to 80%. Competition on less than AAA constructed condos and apartments is torrid. Now that's going to be fun. Lots of cancellations and rewrites including frame [indiscernible] apartments. Auto was off about 15. We did a little comparison on general liability rates and general liability rates this July versus April are down about average about 10%. But that's 20% to 40% lower than 12 months ago. Marine rates are flat to down 5. Palm Beach County is a little more rate... has a little more rate downdraft than Brown and day [ph]. Umbrellas are much softer than 90 days ago. An example is a $5 million umbrella that last year, our expiring premium was 61,000. When I was in a sales meeting last week, the best quote we had was 37,000, same coverage [ph] 5 million. So you can see what's happening there. Employee benefits is a positive 5% to 8% up, even though prices are higher than that because there is a change in benefits et cetera. But there is reduced employment. So that's just the way that is and... but employee benefit is stable across our company. In national retail, we were down a negative 1.7 and now a negative 6.8%. Looking at Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia, workers' comp is leading the way, 10% down across all areas. The property rates are getting very thin away from the Coast. Now what that means is that there is not a hell of a lot more to go. And so what... I think there is going to be some flattening there. Marine commercial is flat, payroll stable. Fishing vessels are down about 15%. That's a little different then on the hull. That's a little different than in commercial. The economy... the impact of the economy is not as significant elsewhere as it is in Florida, Arizona, Las Vegas, Southern California. New Jersey, New York workers' comp minus 8 to minus 15, package is minus 5 to minus 25. Umbrellas are going south, and more so in the 90 days. Homebuilders' exposure of course, where there are homebuilders, there is 65% to 80% reduction. There is a bit of an uproar in New York over a guarantee fund thing apparently imposed on the WC... workers' comp trust. And that probably is going to mean some movement of some business. In Michigan and Illinois, Chicago area, large commercial contractors, and commercial contractors throughout the country, those are holding up. So the prices are down 5% to 10%. But no company, and this is true across all of our offices, no insurance company will lose an account if they get the last look, almost regardless of the pricing. We've seen in the Chicago area, heavy auto fleet with an average premium per unit of $1200, which is very competitive. But I'm going to give you one shortly to probably blow you away. Louisiana and Texas, the energy market there, the fact that energy is up and the cost of gasoline et cetera is forcing more development, that's helping the economy. Mill market packages are down 12 to 20. There is some standard property now being written North of I-10 in Louisiana. The marine is stable, flat. Texas work comp is very soft. All companies are writing almost without regard to underwriting on workers' comp. However, on packages, there is some underwriting being exercised, which is a little... there is some restraint; that's different. And Wisconsin and Minnesota, I mentioned last quarter that Wisconsin was well increasing in the workers' comp, well, that's invaded Minnesota. And so they are both about the same in terms of downdrafts. We are seeing umbrellas in that area now, some umbrellas being written at $750 per million. That's very low, the lowest that I have ever seen. I think, in the past, it's been a long time ago, they were about $500 a million. And that didn't last very long. We do have one example here. In Wisconsin, we wrote a new... this is a new account, a ready mix account, concrete ready mix. And there I think 13 or 14 trucks, big concrete hauling trucks and for $1 million of liability. And full physical damage was $360 [ph] per unit. By comparison, if you are going to insure a Toyota Maxima for $1 million plus full collision and comprehensive, that would be a premium of $750. So that's kind of crazy. Western retail was down 4.4. It's now a negative 12.1. Colorado, workers' comp is flat to down 5% if the premium is less than $100 to $150; if it's above $150, changes. Packages are off 15 to 20. Aviation is off 20; lots of planes being sold. Energy... the economy being soft and there's a lot of movement in the sale of airplanes. Workers' comp in Arizona, prices are down 10. That's a different state because the state fund has been the dominant, by far, workers' comp market. And we are penetrating that now and contractors' payrolls in that area are only down about 20% to 30% at the moment. California workers' comp is still going south, but somewhat slower. And this might be the only state where workers' comp is reaching Nader. Don't, however, count on it too quickly. Umbrellas, umbrellas down 10% to 15%. They are no longer auditable. Sounds like that would be good for the customer et cetera; it's not. And if you think about it, better for the underwriter. New accounts ex-workers' comp must be 25% to 35% below expiring. Regionals are very aggressive, and they are very aggressive in every area of the United State s... California, that's new... except for the Tri-County area of Florida. One sort of unusual thing in California is quake is flat, but there is a lot more capacity. So if you want more quake, you can get it and the rates are about the same. In the Seattle area, the economy is pretty good. As a matter of fact, really pleasant. Packages are down 10% to 15%. Our travel business is flat, marine is down 5%. USL&H is flat and the regionals are very aggressive there. So, having said that, Powell, turn it over to you.
J. Powell Brown - President: Thank you, Hyatt. Brokerage transactional property rates are down 15% to 20%. Standard markets continuing to put pressure on that business. We are seeing standard markets regularly put up to $25 million of wind limits in coastal communities. Casualty rates there seem to be down 25% or more with umbrellas down even more at 20% to 35%. Residential contractor rates are down 25% to 45% rate-only. And on top of that, their exposures are down 40% to 80%. Terms and conditions continue to broaden. Commercial contractors written in the E&S market currently are seeing lots and lots of standard market pressure. In the professional liability arena, the two areas we are seeing increased pricing would be public company financial institution business and anything, real estate errors and omissions or mortgage errors and omissions related. The remaining professional liability line, private company D&O, public company D&O, employment practices liability typically are seeing rate decreases of 5% to 20%. In the binding authority arena, in Florida, the standard market continues to have an impact on some of that business and rates are down 0% to 15% with expanding property capacity in those binding authorities. Personal lines, particularly in Florida, we are seeing more and more non-rated takeout companies as the biggest competitor. They are cheaper than Citizens right now, and Citizens continue to be very aggressive there. And the [ph] national binding authority rates are down 0% to 15%. In our services arena, we continue to be on plan there. As you may remember, we lost part of an account last August. So that will have run through our numbers by September of this year. Professional national programs, lawyers were down 8% to 20% in terms of rates. Dental rates are flat in all of our other national programs. Any account over $75,000 in premium typically face a rate pressure of 15% to 20%. In the special programs arena, public entity rates are down 0% to 20% with the professional liability in public entity arena down 20% to 30%. Two bright spots in special programs, FIU was up this quarter. The wind rates in that class of business seem to be stabilizing somewhat. Citizens multi-peril policies continue to be very inconsistent and somewhat all over the place. Let me give you an example. If you had an account, of an account that Citizens wrote the wind for $250,000 in premium and then another carrier wrote the other perils or the X wind [ph] coverage. And then Citizens quoted a multi-peril policy, which would include wind and all other lines, all other perils for $225,000. So is down, right [ph]. X wind continues to be very, very competitive and Proctor Financial was up again this quarter due to the countercyclical nature of their business. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Powell, and good morning everyone. The challenges with organic growth that face the industry is presenting opportunities for mergers and acquisitions. For the first half of 2008, we've closed 24 transactions with $77.8 million in annualized forward revenues. This represents an average of 4 transactions per month with $3.25 million average revenues per transaction. A very special thank you to our regional leaders and our M&A transaction teams for an outstanding job of enabling these fine agencies to be a part of Brown & Brown. Our M&A activity is unique in that it is led by our operating leaders that must buy into ownership the deal and assume responsibility for integration and for future performance. Given the soft market conditions, however, we are exercising special caution to ensure that we acquire and we get what we pay for in fact that the forward actual delivered revenues and earnings of what we anticipate. Seller pricing expectations are too often based upon prior year performance. We have had success in reconciling this issue with prospective sellers and in fact, we are experiencing some moderate improvement in terms... in pricing in 2008 compared to 2006 and 2007. The recent transactions is a multiple of earnings that moved back into more of the mid-6 range as compared to high-6 and sometimes slightly over 7 for the previous two years. There's much being written and said about the federal capital gains tax. The potential for an increase in this tax appears to be a motivating factor, increasing the amount of deal activity. Further, the pull back in agency purchases, acquisitions by banks and by venture capital firms, is a favorable environment for Brown & Brown to move forward with deals. We are encouraged by the increase in the quality and quantity of available agencies to acquire. With that, I will turn it back over to Hyatt for closing comments.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jim. One thing before I make some conclusions. I'd like to sort of embellish what Cory said about the $1.3 million of additional payroll for new people. We view the current economy and circumstances as being beneficial for us. And so the pressure is on all of our profit centers to recruit high quality people. And of course, there are more high quality people that have been, let's say, working 4 or 5, 6, 7, 8 years who now are looking to see if maybe they would like to come into the insurance business because, let's say, the mortgage business or the contracting business or the furniture business or whatever it is, is not quite so good. So we're going to... and you can expect us to continue to increase that expenditure because that's an investment in the future. And the economy and the stock market that we are in today provides us an opportunity that won't come around again for a while in addition to the fact that we're looking very carefully at each nook and cranny of our existing operations. One other comment that I would make is, and it's very difficult to sort of get your arms around what all of these reductions mean in a very general. But let me give you something that might be helpful. In our top gun [ph], which is an organ which is published once a month, we are tracking the hits. Now these are retail, now it's $2,500 to be a hit. It has to be $2,500 of commissions to whatever. And so that average hit has shrunk from about 12.8 down to about 11.6 or something like that, and that's about a 13.2% reduction. However, if you take out the employee benefits hits, and employee benefits commissions have a tendency to be a little bigger on the average because we're talking about accounts where you have 25 or more employees. If you take those out, it's more like an average down through [ph] of about 18.5%. So that just something for you to sort of put in your pipe and smoke. Now, conclusion, employee benefit should grow slowly and Q3, Q4, depending on the county and the rest of '08 is going to be challenging. Q4 in Florida should be a more favorable comparative base. Number four, we are not going to give any organic growth projections until the market provides more stability. And last but not least, the joker in the deck is the economy. So having said that, Bill, would you like to open it up for questions? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Brown. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question fromKeith Walsh at Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Good morning everybody.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: How are you?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: First question for Jim. You made some commentary on deals, and I just... basically, are the deals in '06 and '07 not meeting your return on capital hurdles? And then also, have you changed the structure of these deals, maybe more earnouts involved in them? And then just a side follow up on that, any outlook on the NYAG amendment [ph] that's going to allow the global brokers to accept contingents for three years. Is that going to change the competitive dynamic in the market? And then I have a follow up for Hyatt. Thanks.
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, well several ones here. Back to... the deals are meeting our expectations. There is... we acquire deals with a ban of price amend to a max. And today, I think they're probably falling more in the lower half of that band, and they were probably maybe prior to the rate market change 2006-07 and this year. I was addressing the fact that we were able to go back in and get an offer on the tables... on the table on the purchase of multiple, we are back into to 6, 6.5 range. And probably last year, or year before, those deals would not go with that rate. So the fact that if you acquire a business and there may be let's say, 90%, 95% of revenue based there, so we are just being cautious to make sure that we... if that happens, we have an avenue there not to harm our... the performance of that deal. Now with respect to, I think your question dealing with the contingents. There is hearings going on in New York state on this subject. We're monitoring those. I guess really nothing out at this point. It seems to shaping up as a matter of disclosure, which we are there. We have been compliant with that. We had enquiry going back in last several years and feel that everything we've seen with respect to those hearings thus far, we do not see of an impact upon Brown & Brown.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: I guess my question was more centering on the New York Attorney General amendment that now Aon, Marsh, Willis can accept contingents for three years on a transaction if that would maybe see them doing more deals in the mid market in the U.S. It may be more of a competitive situation for you guys.
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, certainly, it looks like the case of the Willis deal with HRH, they have that and then maybe some assumptions that they can increase the commission base during that period of time. So that's the avenue there to deal with that component of it. So will their model allow this is going to be... I think the even greater issue with that is being an attractive model for the middle market agencies to migrate to, so.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I guess, Keith, to piggy back on what Jim says, where you have fee business, where you are contractually obligated to take X number of dollars, contingents mean nothing because you can't take them anyway. So it's a little bit... there has always been confusion over contingents versus flat overrides. And still there's a lot of confusion about that. So we don't see the national brokers, and that would be Marsh and Aon doing too much in the middle market, although Willis has made a very deep dive with HRH.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: And then just for Hyatt, getting back to the comp hearings going on in New York right now, how... I would agree I guess with Jim's statement. It seems like disclosure is really at the forefront here. How would that impact your company directly? Do you fully disclose right now what you're making to all your clients?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes what we do is we have... it's not just contingent commissions. We may... if we place insurance with one of our wholesale brokers, there will be a wholesale brokerage. If we place... if that wholesale broker is going through Dekket [ph], our office in London, there may be a commission in London. We may earn interest on money that's being held. For the insurance company, we may, if we negotiate a financial... financing arrangement for our customer, there may be a fee that goes to Brown & Brown. All of that is disclosed not in dollar terms, but in general terms on each new and renewal proposal. And then we also suggested if someone wants to know exactly the dollars, we will try to compute them. It's almost impossible to compute a contingent profit sharing arrangement. But the GSCs, the Guarantee Supplemental Commissions that are now being used by some of the national companies, of course, that is a percentage of the premium written. And so it's just another contingency. So it's just a little more determinable. So anybody who wants to know, we're ready, willing and able to give them specifics for their account.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Grasher at Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Good morning gentlemen. Hyatt, follow-up question when you were going through the Louisiana, Texas market, and speaking to oil and gas. You were mentioning the workers' comp being soft within those markets. Can you provide a little bit further detail in terms of the type of workers' comp? Is it across the board or can you parse the classes of risk?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes, now I'm speaking about Texas, not so much Louisiana.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And it does not include U.S. and L&H. But it is pretty much... apparently, Texas has been very profitable and the old state fund is now a separate privately-run company. And they are very competitive and very aggressive and the companies... almost everybody is coming in and just trying to scarf up workers' compensation. So I don't think it's lensid [ph] and at the moment, there doesn't seem to be much underwriting going on. It's just I want it.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Understood. And then do you have any feel for the U.S. L&H?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would guess that to be flat. Every place we know about, it is flat.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's the different kettle of fish there.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Got you. And then, Cory, just a follow up for you with regard to your commentary around the expenses in that. Basically, I think it sounds like you are saying on a same-store sales basis that the margins are not as they seems. Expenses lower. Do you actually have any more color, additional color? I think it was the last call, we spoke about how the fixed portion of the expenses because of less commission in fee and income that would actually drive the ratios higher. Do you have any color for us in that regard this quarter?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: The basic ratios are the same, and the main point is to kind of show how much from each comp point. So when you look at it, we had $17 million internal growth coming out and essentially only $4 million of expenses being adjusted. So it just showed the same comp, only that there is a higher amount of fixed costs in our operation. And when you are as efficient as we have historical been, there is just not a lot of room to move as quickly as the rates go down. So the same... relative thought process is the same for use.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Pechter at Cacti.
Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management: Two questions. The first one is, if you could offer us your thought on other past soft environments, where the internal growth rate might have been to give some perspective, think a lot of us looked at the numbers and wondered as this extreme or not. And then second, thinking about the Willis' HRH, one of the rising portion of getting that premium way up was Joe's comment that they could extract better commissions from carriers as they push the volume up, not maybe a function of there very centralized system. But I wondered as one of the larger brokers why I can expect the same pressure from you guys on carriers and if the decentralized structure is hurting you in this environment.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Relative to the commissions, there are commission increases that are going on and it is being basically driven by companies who want to increase their revenue base. So we don't make a habit of going to companies and saying, by God, we're going to do this if you do that, because then we have to impose that upon our various offices. And we're just not going to do that. However, the various offices are dealing with their own companies and they are dealing pretty effectively. So I don't know exactly about how Willis is going to affect a substantial increase in the commissions that they are going to get from the HRH business. But if Joe said he would do it, then I'm sure he intends to do it. And what was the first question... first part of your question?
Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management: Before you move on, so do you think that that's hurting you, Hyatt, in this environment? I mean he is essentially saying that we are going take our big stick of volume out and say to people pay us more when rates are falling. And because where Willis kind of a guarantee number, what you are kind of saying to us is well, the Atlanta office versus the Charlotte office is all negotiating independently with State Farm. And I wonder does that... do you think that's hurting you? Do you...
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well one thing that you've got to understand is, in the case of Willis also, if I understood what Joe said, they are going to be moving commissions to fee. So therefore, the additional commissions, if they're getting them more than we would, wouldn't be affected... they couldn't affect them on contract business, on fee business. So that doesn't work. But we don't find that anyone is getting substantially more than we are. Now, on occasion where someone is going to move a book of business, which we don't do, then that's a different ballgame.
Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management: Okay.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Now when you move books of business, then you've got another problem you've got to deal with.
Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management: I was asking about other... I know I can look statistically at the numbers over the last like say 10 or 12 years, but I wondered internally when you guys looked at the growth numbers in this environment, can you give us some perspective on other soft markets and what we should see in internal growth rates?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right. It's kind of interesting. Yesterday, we had the retired President of one of the federal reserve banks talking to us about the economy. And the point that he made, which I frankly had forgotten about was in the last downturn, which is '01, '02, you had a downturn in the economy. You had, however, an upswing in home building, which was kind of unusual. And at the time that was going on, we also had a start of rates being increased. So it's... that's sort of a strange set of circumstances. But if you go back to the most virulent downturn that I remember, it was '78 through '84. And during that period of time, frankly, we were only in Florida and we... I don't remember the economy being all that bad, to be frank with you, but I know prices were going down like crazy. Now what happened then and what's happening now is that in those downturns, companies are offering additional commissions. We're getting additional commissions on worker's comp, we're getting additional commissions on packages, not every company and it varies by state, it varies by the amount that... of new business that that particular risk bearer wants to write. And if it's a regional company, they may focus on just one or two stakes and increase 5% or 7% or 3% or whatever it is. So looking at that downturn, the pricing was just as relevant in terms of the downturn and it lasted from '78 to '84 and that turned precipitously and the price just went crazy. They went up by 50% to 75% in the first year and 50% to 75% in the second year and then starting in 86, they started to go down and so they went down and flattened and went down and flatted. And that went all the way to really about 2000. So it was 13 or 14 years, but it wasn't... it didn't go down precipitously like it going down today. And at that time, I don't remember the economy being all that bad. According to the gentlemen yesterday, we had really from, I guess, 1988 or maybe 2000, a pretty vibrant growth in GDP. So it's very hard to make comparisons. I will say this and on speaking that on floor, I have never seen the combination of $160 billion taken out of the economy and a downturn in economy because of gasoline prices and et cetera. And prices dropping as precipitously as they have with the stake getting in and leading the way out of 50% reduction in property pricing. So that never before happened, and we are weathering the storm pretty well. But I can tell you, it ain't fun.
Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management: Finally, and I will get out of the way. You have any problem raising capital to do more deals? Is there any worry given the credit environment that you have, much higher borrowing rates or you couldn't get access?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You want to comment on that?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Yes, Josh, no. We have... I have already told you what we have currently available, which is over the 3 to 5 year. And I have talked to our other borrowers and we feel like we can borrow another $1.5 million... $500 million with absolutely no problem at all at essentially the current market rate. When you get up above that, do you have to structure a little bit different deal? Possibly. But [indiscernible] no real problems.
Unidentified Company Representative: To butt in, I believe our current debt is less than one-times our...
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: That's right. And our current debt equity is a 0.83 ratio, debt to EBITDA.
Joshua S. Pechter - Cacti Asset Management: Thanks guys.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chuck Hamilton, FTN Midwest.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Chuck.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Three questions, I think Cory probably the first one probably is best for you. I think Hyatt mentioned in the call this morning that Florida retail had experienced a significant amount of cancel and rewrites, recognizing the fact that that pulls revenue into this quarter and subtracts it from future quarters. Have you been able to quantify that potential impact in future quarters, what decrease there might be for the upcoming quarters?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: It appears to me that it has minimal impact. And I think the interesting aspect is that there was a spike if you go back to second quarter last year. There was more of the significant spike and... when we had canceled and rewrites. And that's because the Citizens was just getting hold there and a lot of the offices canceled and rewrote those policies. So I think the second quarter had kind of a unique amount too there. The rest... the third and fourth quarters, does not appear to be the same comparable situation.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But to sort of piggyback on that, don't forget you take the example I gave, we reduced the premium more than half. And so therefore, the impact in terms of the cancellation and the new revenue is about the same.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Sure. I've got that.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's hard... we don't think that it really is inflated in anywhere our income this quarter.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Okay. Hyatt, a couple of questions for you then. Looking at the Willis deal, do you anticipate that there's going to be some opportunity on acquiring new producers from Hilb Rogal, the producers that may decide they don't want to work for a large broker?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't know. We don't really find very many people coming from other brokers. And it's just that the cultures are different and so from time to time, we'll find some. We think that probably there'll be a little dislocation, but I don't think much. I think probably, you may find more dislocation going to local privately owned brokerages than you would to let's say us.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Okay. And I guess last question again back, looking at the Willis Hilb Rogal transaction. Since Hilb was really in the market doing some acquisitions, do you see the fact that they are now part of Willis and Willis has indicated that they're going to really focus on integration and certainly less so then on new acquisitions. Do you see more opportunities by having perhaps one of their competitors in the M&A environment out there?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, maybe, but things like when one goes away, then another will come about. So it is what it is and we don't really see much difference we did... and we have, competed some with HRH, but not a lot.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Okay, great. Thanks for your answers this morning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Farrell, FPK.
Farrell Dan - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Dan.
Farrell Dan - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hey. Just some questions actually focused on national retail and western retail. I realize these are obviously being impacted by both rates in the economy. But is there anything specific related to your operations that might be causing some of the drop as well? Have there been any departures, any operational things that you guys might be trying to address given the sharp slide?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not really. We have had some offices that have had some turmoil, Las Vegas being one. But generously speaking, we really haven't. The reality is that our model kind of chugs along at about the same speed throughout market cycles. So there is not a lot of change. So other than a few aberrations, we really don't see that.
Farrell Dan - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And then just general thoughts on 2009. I know you mentioned that you thought '09 might get better versus '08. Are there assumptions underlying that? I mean I know you've alluded to the comps improving. But if we were in a scenario where say, the economic environment stayed where it was over the next 12 months and pricing continued to drop at the same level, are there other levers that you can pull or is it not unreasonable to think that there is another continued negative trend in organic if contingents stayed the way they were?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's very difficult to determine what's on the horizon. The reality is that Florida is a resilient economy. And one of the things that a lot of people don't realize is that there are a huge number of people who are retired who have incomes that are not dependent upon the economy. They are guaranteed incomes because of retirement plans and they are... they spend their money. And so there is this underpinning. Now what has been jerked out from under the economy in Florida is the 100... the 40 billion plus whatever multiplier it is of the hurricane claims. So my expectation is that the economy is going to soften out and the comparables will be much better for next year because we have this huge downdraft this year. You have already seen a situation where FIU now is starting to grow again, and I think that next year, we might have a little more favorable situation. So is that something that we can, make any category for stake in the call? No. And so, we're taking at a quarter at a time. Our push on new business is same or maybe even more, fresher than ever before, and we're looking at new programs and our program division which we'd always done. So, all of these things take a little bit of time but because this year has been... and I have really been in the insurance industry for 49 years, this has been the most unusual year and surprising that I have ever seen. So therefore, we're very reticent about making some statesman like statement for '09 that we have no basis for backing it up.
Farrell Dan - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Sure, understandable. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug McGregor [ph], RBC Capital Markets.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Doug?
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Just had one question. My other one was answered. Regarding you're, I guess, the dynamics with the Florida takeout companies and Citizens. I know a couple of quarters ago, you described that working with Citizens was a little maybe higher maintenance and they paid a little bit less. How does it work with when the Florida takeout companies, first of all, I guess take out the policies from Citizens? Do you get in the middle of that transaction. And if you don't, how are you treated upon, I guess renewal? Do you get paid more, less, or the same by these smaller takeout companies?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, we're not dealing with takeout companies except in the homeowners' area. And if there are some of the takeout companies that have been approved by our security committee and others are not, if it's one that is not approved, then we obviously notify in writing the customer that this is not approved and that we will handle the insurance for them. But we cannot certify in any way, shape or form that our security committee has approved this. And so... and we don't write new business with that takeout company. As regards the commercial property, those really aren't takeout companies. Those are companies that are not admitted and have alacrity for rate and form. And they are coming in and writing the business. And it's generally coming through either a wholesaler that we don't own or a wholesaler that we do own. And so what's happening is is that the amount of commission dollars on this reduced premium is probably a little less. But we keep the business and if we don't do this, then we lose the business, which is a 100% loss of commission. So there is a reduction as this continual down trend... downturn is in the marketplace. But it will stabilize and in fact it stabilizes our relationship with our customers because they are looking for us to do the best for them, which is what we are going to do. Otherwise, we lose the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much. That's all my questions.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Hughes, SunTrust.
Unidentified Analyst: Actually, this morning it's Jack in for Mark. Good morning.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Jack.
Unidentified Analyst: Most of my questions have been answered also. I just had a quick question for Cory. On the other operating expenses, they are up about $3 million sequentially. I was just wondering if the acquisition pace kind of continues at the same rate, are you going to see same kind of gain in the back half of the year?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: You were breaking up. I didn't hear the full question, Mark. Can you say it again? Jack, sorry.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. Cory, your other operating expenses were up about $3 million sequentially and you pointed to acquisitions driving that.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: If the acquisition pace kind of continues at the same rate for the back half of the year, are you going to expect that kind of similar gain or was there something unusual?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: No, no. There was nothing unusual. I mean essentially, we do have the same pace for the quarter. There was other operating expenses, like you said, about $3 million, which should stay about same.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Okay.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Heimermann, JPMorgan.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning everyone.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Matthew.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Hi. I just have one question. You made the comment in the press release, and I guess this isn't too surprising given your economic comments. But you just... effectively clients are pocketing whatever rate savings they're seeing and you are not really seeing any increment purchase of coverage I guess. Is that true universally across the board? And I guess when I see universally, I'm thinking geographically, is that pretty consistent? And also, are there any differences from the smallest accounts to the largest accounts you handle?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the smallest accounts are less impacted by rate decreases. And there is some geographic difference, but the difference may be more a slice of business. For instance, apartment owners are under tremendous pressure, profit pressure and so if their price was $500,000 last year or their approximate physical damage coverage and is now $300,000 they are not buying any other insurance. They're kind to take that money and either pocket it or put it in the bank or use it for something else. So there are some geographic differences. We are... where you have businesses are growing debts and there we do have those and also where we are having folks that two years ago the umbrella was $5 million and then they reduced it to $1 million and now the prices are going down, we're trying to sell them back for $5 million. So all of that's going on. It's hard to quantify that now.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just may be just specifically on where comp, do you have a sense given that the economy does appear to be weakening some. How much, if any, well I guess to what extent you're seeing payrolls slowing down in terms of your pace of expansion or maybe staying flat or even declining?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They are eroding very rapidly in terms of all construction. If you look at manufacturing, as you know manufacturing is the bright spot in our economy. So some of those are going up. Here is the one thing that's also no one's discussed is as the economy slows down you don't have more workers compliance. And because people here get back to get laid off ever since you get injured. And they get serious injuries which lasts for a month. And so the bottom line is that the loss ratios in a down economy will rise more rapidly than they would which forces them higher prices.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Great. I appreciate. Thank you. Have a great weekend guys.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Matthew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields, Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning all.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Meyer.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess one quick question for Cory. You mentioned that same-store compensation was down $3.8 million. Can you break that down between fewer people and paying people less?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: You know what, I did not break that down specifically. And I only have the number of people down. So I think it's similar to last quarter where we actually do have some normal attrition. And probably the biggest drop did come from probably commission producers where their salary is tide directly to reduction of the revenues. And then that was probably about $2.5 million, I think I recall off the top of my head. I don't have the sheet in front of me here in Huston, but like $2.5 million. And I think there was another $1 million that was primarily from just management and staff salaries.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. But you're not worried about attrition itself being a specific challenge now?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: No.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about your own, I guess, utility or transportation costs? Is that a significant factor on year-over-year expenses?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Our transportation and utility costs?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. In other words, the rising price of energy. How much of...
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I can make one comment about that, Meyer. One of the things that... and the cost of air travel is going up and the cost of moving around generally is going up. One of the things that we've done in the past and we're probably going to do it in the future is we are... we have quarterly meetings of our leadership counsel. It's a couple of hundred people. That's our senior leaders from all of our offices. As a matter of fact, we're in a meeting, that meeting is today and yesterday and it's in Houston, and we're in Houston as we speak. And so we're getting ready to go down to continue the meeting, which has started at 8 O'clock this morning this time. We are... in the October meeting, we're going to do it regionally. And one of the reason is there will probably be six regional meetings and we can get people into regional meetings for less money than we can, bringing everybody to one location. So, yes, it is... the cost is impacting us in terms of those people who are traveling a lot. And those are generally our regional people. The local agencies of course are... we do have some reimbursement for gas for some of our folks. But that hasn't been a significant amount.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: I mean, Meyer, on T&E it's essentially flat. I think it may be up like $200,000 when you exclude the impact of the acquisitions. So it's not very significant at all for the quarter.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Very helpful, I appreciate it. And last question I guess. Given the specific challenge in the wholesale market now, I guess they are being disintermediated as standard companies increase their appetites. Is there a difference in pricing between the wholesale brokers and retail?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Yes, there are and usually, you would think that the standard markets are less expensive and broader coverage. And what you're finding is some of the wholesale markets on certain classes of business are below the standard markets, not exclusively. And Meyer the other thing I would say is this. There are really we think three types of accounts. And what I mean by that is there are accounts who are always in the standard market and there are accounts that are always in the excess and surplus lines market. And then there are some accounts that typically look like excess and surplus lines markets, but they are kind of in between. And as the market changes, as we are seeing now, those in between accounts, some of those flip towards the standard market. And so that's typically the breakdown on accounts. So you are going to see a change like we are seeing now. You are going to see more business move into the standard market from the EES market. And then when the market goes up in the future, you will have some of those accounts that are in between go out of the standard market and back into the excess and surplus lines market.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Is that having any impact on... when you look at wholesale... agencies that you're considering acquiring, is that changing their price demands?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, Meyer, just to tag on that is that on the wholesale side, we're... I mentioned our caution about forward revenues being delivered. And as a matter of fact, we have had to step aside from several wholesale opportunities to acquire because of that issue you are addressing. That is that we really could not assure that the revenue base that was there would be there tomorrow and reaching conclusion that the seller will be willing to take risk at that on it. So the drag there is significant. I think maybe one tack on that is that we have a significant amount of our wholesale business is binding authority, which is being perhaps a little bit less impacted in the transactional side which is vacation over to the standard market. So the... our wholesale teams are doing some great jobs in terms of remodeling, restructuring their offices, dealing with the flow of business and looking at new product line. One last item on that is that some of our trading partners in the E&S world are buying NGUs right now to sustain their volume which is rather... there is another approach to it. We... assuming they're going to get both the underwriting profit and the operating profit from that entity.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Fox, Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Yes hi, good morning everybody. I guess three questions left. One, can you tell us what was the FIU revenue?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: How are you, John?
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: I'm doing good, Hyatt. How are you?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Good. It's about 8, I think. No, FIU for the quarter...
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Yes, just for quarter two.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: It was roughly $4.4 million.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Okay, great. And then Cory, you mentioned a figure earlier in a call that you've spent $110 million on acquisition activities. Is that just for purchasing agencies this year or did that include any earnouts from previous years?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: No, no. That's everything. That would be kind of the number that would show up on the cash flow statement.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Okay.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: That's everything including earnouts.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, Hyatt, in your kind of closing remarks before the Q&A, I thought I heard you say Q4 kind of Florida gets better and I wonder if you could discuss the reasons for that.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey John, you're trying to put words on my mouth.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. Well I'm asking you to clarify
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, John. Listen, it's a good thing I know you. Here is the bottom line. What I said was that the downturn [ph] last year created a plateau that was lower than previous before the fourth quarter. Therefore, assuming that to be the case, which I think is the case, then maybe the downturn might not be quite as virulent. But who knows? So we'll see.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: So it's basically the comparison.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Fisken at Stephens.
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hey Nick, how are you?
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: I'm great. Hyatt, did the minus 8 surprise you?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Say again, I can't...
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Did the minus 8 or...
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You mean the 7.9? Yes, we were a little surprised at that. And primarily, again Florida. The economy is having a bigger impact in Florida that we had expected.
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: So if you had a crystal ball, the breakout of the economy versus pricing, would you say it's half-half or more economy related?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Nik, that would be simply a guess, and I don't know. Probably, if you go office by office and you go from Sarasota South to Naples, then the economy is substantial. We are writing new business, but when you renew a contractor's account and the payrolls are down 50%, that a 50% reduction plus whatever the price reduction is. And so from Sarasota South, it's much more than 50% of the downdraft. If you get into Broward and Dade counties, we do have in the Fort Lauderdale office a very substantial amount of condo business. Now the condo business is just wild and crazy and it's moving... constantly moving. So is that the economy? No, it's the price. It's just the market. So how do you weigh and measure all that stuff? We'll find out [ph].
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: But it sound like Q3, it's got to be worse than Q2.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of the economy.
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: And internal growth.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know that either. I mean, I'd hate to prognosticate. You have to figure it out. See, you're over there at Little Rock and you are away from the maddening cry and therefore you all will be able to figure it out.
Nikolai D. Fisken - Stephens Inc.: You all have a good day. Thank you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Labbe at Langen McAlenney.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Hi, good morning.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Steve. How are you?
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: I'm okay.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Is there a big difference between the internal growth at seasoned Brown & Brown offices versus those that you've acquired, say, in the last year, two years, three years?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the most seasoned offices are Florida and ex-economy, ex the economy maybe. But I'm not really sure because we have some offices that are brand new that are growing nicely. So it just depends on the circumstances.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's the mix of business, some are the offices, Steve, our benefits offices and they are a little different scenario at this time.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So you don't believe that any part of the surprise in the decline in internal growth is a function of the newer offices doing materially worse than those that were not recently acquired?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly not in Florida. And if you look at the Northeast, which is where we have had a lot of acquisitions, those new acquisitions are doing pretty well. So I don't think there is really much difference there.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Just a quick second question. Cory, do you have what GSEs were this quarter versus last year's second quarter?
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Yes, we essentially on this quarter, they are about the same. This quarter, for '08, it was about 3.2. So year-to-date, we are at 6.3, 6.4, or something like that. And as you recall in '07, we booked both the first quarter and the second quarter in the second quarter, which was also 3.2, but it was for the two quarters. So we do have run basically double the amount because this year in '08, we have now Hartford, Safeco and Fireman's Fund that have reserved that have gone to the GSEs from last year, and that's why it's up.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So it was $3.2 million.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Compared to $3.2 million.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Compared to $3.2 million.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: Right. And if you look at just the quarter.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: But you actually have... okay, but it's a little different because last year's $3.2 million included some first quarter.
Cory Walker - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer: They included the first quarter.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Okay, right. All right, great. Thanks guys.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dick Cagny, Cagny Network Incorporated [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Dick. How are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Fine. How are you?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: Just two questions. One is could you discuss the impact that the Bermuda and London markets might be having on the U.S. business and their entries? And secondly, can you talk about the impact that the regional acquisition people that you have out in the field are making on your acquisitions versus a centralized approach?
Unidentified Company Representative: Dick, I'll field the Bermuda and London question. We have written a lot of business over the last several years in London and continue to do so. And in the past, our system has been predominantly a property-related market; not exclusively, but predominantly. And so the prices there have come down substantially both from Bermuda and London, not any different than the domestic excess and surplus lines market. We do do some casualty and professional liability as well there. But I would tell you that pricing pressure for classes of business that are written in Bermuda and London are similar, if not more, because of their desire to retain it. So I hope that answers your question.
Unidentified Company Representative: Dick, on the acquisition question, I mean could you maybe represent that, the impact you said on our regional leadership?
Unidentified Analyst: In the past, did you... the majority of your acquisitions, did you do from a centralized basis, because I know that...
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we have not. We have never done that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: And it's one of the features of our company you hear about the AOL, which is the cross area on the line. And that goes back to a longstanding more 20, 25 years of it requires one of our regional operating leaders to buy and support and take forward an acquisition including the impact upon their compensation. So it becomes a validation that here is an entity we really think we can integrate and operate forward. And it's very, very important to us. What we have done is we have strengthened our support teams for those leaders to do more transactions in the case of signing and telling the story and completion the transaction and integrating the transaction.
Unidentified Analyst: Just going back to the first question about the Bermuda market and London markets, I'm curious what the impact of Bermuda and London companies coming into the States is and what you see their impact on the States in terms of...
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I would say that historically, they have been... let's talk about Bermuda more so than London... but focused on larger accounts, Fortune 1000 accounts, or very high excess layers and D&O and E&O and things of that sort, which is not the vast majority of our business. However, as you know, there is a number of syndicates in the Bermuda carriers that are trying to get really significant onshore presence. And quite honestly, some of them are trying to circumvent the traditional London broker market to develop direct relationships with retail agent and the state. We view that as another market opportunity and we have significant relationships with them from trading with them overseas already. So we view that as positive. But I can't tell you that one or two markets stand out as making such a significant impact on the market over and above some other domestic E&S market.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Bill, I think we can take one more question because we've got an 8:30 presentation to make downstairs.
Operator: And a follow up... it is a follow-up question from Chuck Hamilton, FTN Midwest.
Chuck Hamilton - FTN Midwest: Thanksguys. My follow up has already been answered. So that makes it quick for you. Thanks so much.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks Chuck.
Operator: And Mr. Brown, we have no other questions standing by at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, and thank you all very much and we'll see you in October. Good bye. Thanks Bill.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman & CEO Cory Walker - Sr. VP, Treasurer and CFO J. Powell Brown - President Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman & COO
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Keith Alexander - JP Morgan Securities Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Dan Farrell - Fox-Pitt Kelton Joseph DeMarino - Piper Jaffray Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc. Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including the answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance, and that such statements are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the securities laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced or any forward-looking statements made as a result of a number of factors, including those risks and uncertainties that have been or will be identified from time to time in the company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussion of these and other factors affecting the company's business and prospects are contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Listeners are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and those actual results and events may differ from those intended indicated in this call. Such differences may be material. With that said, Mr. Hyatt Brown, Id like to turn the conference over to you.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bill, and we have Cory Walker and myself, Powell Brown and Jim Henderson here with us in the room and we are going to start off with Cory who will talk about the financials. Cory?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Great. Thanks, Hyatt. We had a good quarter considering the continuation of a very soft market environment. Our net income for the first quarter of 2008 was $51.8 million, which was down 13.3% from last year. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.37 and that was down 11.9% from the $0.42 we earned in the first quarter of '07. However, as you will recall, in the first quarter last year we had an $8.8 million gain on the sale of half of our investment in the Rock-Tenn Company, which translated into $0.04 of the $0.42 earnings per share. Therefore on a continuing earnings basis, our $0.37 we earned in the first quarter of '08 was only down 2.6% from $0.38 last year. From a revenue standpoint, our commissions and fees for the quarter increased 3.2% to $253.5 million, up from the $245.6 million earned in the first quarter last year. As always in our press release, we have our internal growth table that shows the total growth rate, as well as the internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees and as you know, our core commissions and fees exclude contingency income and any business that was divested since last year. From a standpoint of our contingent commissions, in the first quarter of 2008 we only received $36.3 million of the profit-sharing contingent commissions, which represents a decrease of about $7.8 million from the $44.1 million that we received in last year's first quarter. Of this $7.8 million decrease, $7.9 million related to a reduction in our Retail Division, we had a reduction of about $1.9 million in our Wholesale Brokerage Division, but we actually had a $2 million increase in contingent income in our National Programs Division. Remember that 2007 and now 2008 are transition years for some carriers that have moved from their traditional pure contingency commission approach to a guaranteed supplemental commission, which we refer to as the GSC accruals. During 2007, we accrued approximately $6.6 million as of the end of December throughout the year for these GSC accruals. So, for the current year comparison purposes, we must subtract the $6.6 million from the $44.1 million that we received in the prior year to really arrive at a comparable contingency commission amount, which would be $37.5 million and of course that compared to $36.3 million that we received this year, the contingent commissions are only down about $1.2 million. Now looking at the contingent commissions for the rest of the year, our best guess and that's what it is, kind of a educated guess we think, may be between $7.5 million to $8.5 million of additional contingency commissions well receive in the second half of... in the last nine months of 2008. We think the way that would fall would be probably about $2.5 million in the second quarter, somewhere between $4 million to $5 million in the third quarter, and probably again less than $1 million, right around $1 million in the fourth quarter. So, in summary, I think that we think well have less contingency commissions for the final nine months of '08 compared to what we did receive in the final nine months of '07. Now if you look at the internal growth schedules we have there, our the continuing soft market trends that occurred in '07 continue and we were... we had a negative internal growth rate of negative 4.1%. Our total core commissions and fees for the quarter did increase 9% and totaled $18 million. However, within that net number was $26.1 million of acquired revenue, so that means that we had $8.1 million less commissions and fees on a same-store sales basis. Hyatt and Powell will talk about the activity in each of those business segments in a minute. So, moving on our if you look at your investment income, it decreased $9.6 million, which is due to the $8.8 million sale of the Rock-Tenn Company in the first quarter of '07. Additionally, we had approximately $1 million in less interest income as a result of lower investment yields, as well as less investable funds due to the increased acquisition opportunities. Our other income had a total of $1.2 million this year first quarter and that really came primarily... $900,000 came from a court order settlement from a producer that violated the non-piracy agreement. Now, moving down to our expenses and our pre-tax margins. Our pre-tax margins for the first quarter of '08 was 32.9% compared to our pre-tax margin of 35.8% in the first quarter of '07 when you exclude the gain on the sale of the Rock-Tenn stock. The majority of the percentage differential is due to the employee compensation and benefit line. So, when you exclude the Rock-Tenn gain in 2007, employee compensation and benefits in 2008 increased about 280 basis points to 47.2% of total revenues from the 44.4% of total revenue in '07. That 280 basis points represents approximately $10.4 million of net additional cost, of which $12 million came directly from stand-alone acquisitions that we made since April 1st of 2007. So, therefore when you exclude the impact of just the acquisitions that we added, the actual same offices that were there in the same-store sale basis, we actually had approximately $1.6 million less commission... less compensation and benefits overall. Our non-cash stock-based compensation cost was up about $400,000 and that was due to the additional PSP grants that we issued in February of 2008. We expect the 2008 annual cost to be in the $8 million to $8.5 million range as compared to the 2007 total annual cost of $5.7 million. Looking at the other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues, again excluding the Rock-Tenn gain, it actually improved 60 basis points to 12.2% of total revenues. That 60 basis point improvement represents approximately $700,000 of net cost savings. However, again if you exclude the stand-alone acquisitions that we added, they made up approximately $3.4 million of new cost for the quarter. Therefore, our existing same-store offices really reduced their total expenses by an aggregate of $4.1 million. Now, $2 million of that reduction came from a reduced E&O claims activity and reserve balances, while the rest of it came from various expense line items that were just naturally managed by our outstanding leaders in each of our profit centers. Amortization and depreciation increased $1.8 million over last year's first quarter and that was primarily due to the increased number of acquisitions. Our interest expense decreased about $200,000 and that's reflecting a the payoff of our old SunTrust note back from the original Riedman acquisition, but then that was increased... offset slightly by the new increased interest cost on additional $25 million that we borrowed in early 2008 from our private bond facility with Prudential. Our effective tax rate for 2008 is currently expected to run about 38.8%. And so in all, we ended up with a net income of $51.8 million, which reflects a 4.8% decrease, excluding the Rock-Tenn gain from last year. Just quickly looking to the balance sheet, we had a total cash of roughly $256 million, of which $17 million of that was just pure Brown & Brown cash. We currently have approximately $260 million of total debt and we have additional $150 million still available on our private bond facility with Prudential. In addition to that, we have been talking to our banks and with the bank debt cost coming down and tied more directly to the... to the LIBOR, we probably will end up increasing our line of credit with SunTrust by at least $50 million and potentially having a [inaudible] feature to where we expand that to $100 million over the next three to five years, so that would give us additional borrowing power should we need it. There is a couple other line items on the balance sheet that probably people ask questions about. The first is, you'll see that on the deferred... current deferred taxes that $17 million was there last year, that was eliminated as of 03/31 as we had previously mentioned because of the fact that contingent commissions were added into the... into our first quarter earnings and therefore, there is no differential as of 03/31 between book and tax handling on that. The other is, other current assets actually increased by about $25 million because we ended up having an acquisition deposit, basically a payment on a 04/01 acquisition. We made that at the end of March and so that was hung up as just basically a deposit on the acquisition and of course that will as of 04/01 will move into the intangible asset category. One other point I want to bring out is that on our in our 10-K every year we have a our cash commitment table that under the SEC rules we are required to report the potential maximum acquisition payments that are potential out there and of course, for the for the end of 12/31/07, we had roughly about $120 million that potentially could be paid out on prior acquisitions. And I think it's important to note that given the soft market and the fact that some acquisitions did not hit their the maximum target, we probably out of that $121 million, well probably only my best guess would be maybe $30 million of that $121 million, so just keep that in perspective in terms of cash commitments coming up for '08. So with that Hyatt, I'll just turn it back over to you.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Cory, good report. I am going to talk about Retail and then Powell is going to talk about Brokerage, Services and Programs. Looking at Florida Retail first of all, Q4 of '07 it was a negative 11.2, it has now moved to a negative 7.2. There is continual price decline across all geographical areas. In the tri-county area, Broward, Dade, Palm Beach, dirty accounts that is renewals that have bad loss ratios are being renewed flat to down 10% to 15%. Everything else is, for whatever, up to as much as 40%. Wind deductibles are being reduced, thats not new from January. Citizens condo and apartments with land is still pretty much the bottom of the market, except for AAA structures. I would also comment that Citizens rates have stabilized, there has been a little upward movement on certain Citizens prices relative to condos that are AAA and more than $10 million in values... ensured values and those are A-rated, and those rates have moved up a little. To get a new account and this is true in the tri-county and it's true across the entire United States to get a new account unless there is a huge amount of pain, then we are going to have to be 30% below expiring to be able to have a good chance of getting the account. So, that's just part of the way it is today. Further in South Florida, large yachts more than $1 million in value were flat to down 5%, but a new player is now in the marketplace as of really about two weeks ago, new risk bearer and they are quoting 10% to 15% to 20% down on those kind of yachts. Personal lines are flat to down 10% and really the ones that are down 10% are ones that have hardened up, some like shutters or mitigation credits as a result of garage doors and etcetera. If you look at the rest of the state, there is a very substantial shift from Citizen's land to... and this in on condos and apartments to non-admitted carriers that are anyplace to 5% to 10% below the Citizen's rates and better coverage. That started happening really in January and it's becoming widespread. It is not yet happening in Southeast Florida. We are also experiencing and this is true across United States, but it's a little more virulent in a couple of areas of Florida. We are experiencing reduced exposure units, that means lower payrolls, which means less economic activity and less trucks and less inventory and blah, blah, blah and those are the... those are renewals, that's part of downdraft and renewals. The biggest dip in Florida, however, is really Sarasota, Naples Sarasota, Fort Myers, Naples and that has to do with the home building business really kind of drying up, almost like down 80% maybe. Large admitted carriers are now starting to write some property, a little bit here and there other than as I have mentioned in the last report that they were writing some in the spine of Florida, along the spine. We still believe that it's Q4 until we have somewhat normalized soft market and I guess if you want to say, whats a real what is a soft market normalized? Well, it may be 10% to 15% down as opposed to these other much more aggressive pricing. We think that there are some companies that are starting to actually trying to do something underwriting and using some exposure criteria and etcetera, but that's... I am not so sure about that. Personal Lines is the real capacity problem in Florida for the foreseeable future. However, new building quotes are helping plus individual home hardening, so that probably will take care of itself. Looking into when I say taking care of itself, that's over a long period of time. National Retail was down a negative last quarter down a negative 3% as now and down negative 1.7% and sort of giving you a broad brush across the number of states, looking into Georgia still very soft particularly in the Atlanta area, 25% to 40% down on prime package business. Bad loss ratios are starting to be flattish, umbrella is sort of flat to down 10% unless their large dollars and South Carolina is more of the same except workers comp is not quite as aggressive, there is a little... little difference in the workers comp there. Moving into North Carolina, work comp is crazy, reductions are up to 40% and underwriters are simply ignoring the long tale of this business. Some construction, some property that is west of US 17, U.S 17 is kind of a coastal highway, is being written by middle markets. In Virginia, the marine markets, fish boats $400,000 in value to $1.4 million [ph] in hull value, are down 30% to 40% and that's the change from January. Packages in coastal areas are down 10% versus rest of states down more, and workers comp is down 10% to 15%. Pennsylvania, work comp has softened since January, companies are now writing monline and they weren't before January. Regionals are again leading the way, social services is still eroding about 10%. Condos maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe sort of starting to level off, but they may be down 10%. In the New York City area, not much changed since January 1. Fire resisting buildings are... were [inaudible]. So, a little difference there. Marine cargo is very competitive and in that area, two big companies are going head to head and so that's... that creates lower prices. And there are some capacity wind problems on homes along the coastal areas on Long Island. In upstate New York, some of the work comp trust funds have been shut down and so there is some business there moving into the regular marketplace. Lots of competition on frame apartments, regular packages down 30%, etcetera. So, it continues to be very, very aggressive. Looking at Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Ohio, and Michigan, across the Midwest non-admitted paper is moving into admitted. As a matter of fact, that needs to be... again, regionals are leading the way. And so, again there are... we hear some of these awful things and so that's 40% to 50% down on packages, but in some cases those are packages that haven't necessarily been shopped in the last 12 months. Payrolls are down in most places and large tough contractors, particularly in the contract in the Chicago area, are down maybe 10%. Looking into Connecticut, its really not much different from other regions and 30% minimum down to [inaudible] to look at a new account unless there is pain. Louisiana and Texas, rate decline in the Houston rate is more virulent now than January 1. Rural areas, the tax is more moderate. There, it's something about taxes and first tax is a little different in lots of ways. But they allow the rate modifications to be negotiated. And these rate modifications are supposed to be promulgated based on the actual losses, including IBNR. So, you can negotiate them there, that's a little different, any of the state I'm aware of. Coastal is still tight on wind, the economy is good. Looking into Louisiana, the New Orleans area, its not quite so competitive and the economy there is not quite so good either. And if you get north of I-10 in Louisiana, there is still lots and lots of competition. Looking at western retail, Q4 of last year they were down a negative 8.2%, they are down a negative 4.4%. Colorado and New Mexico, not much change. Payrolls are down, aviation very competitive, down 30% to 40%. I think that's going to last until the end of this year. So, by the end we will be getting renewals that have been down that much. In contractors, there is a little less competition on workers' comp. In California [inaudible], California is California, there is one thing that's different. The work comp rating bureau out there, for the first time I believe in five years, is not recommending a rate decrease. So what does that mean? Also one large national carrier has said, we're really not looking to write any more workers' comp in California. Keep what we have, but not going to write any more. Are they going to be able to hold that line, we'll see? So, maybe next year as the saying goes on sanity for workers' comp, the only other area would be the GL on small contractors and these would be artisan types, and there is a yard of those in California. They are not down quite like others. It's maybe 5% to 10%. In Washington, fish boats from the Northwest to Alaska are flat to down 5%, packages 15% to 30%, travel is off 5% to 10%. If you look at employee benefits across the country, employee benefits, the asking renewal price would be plus 8% to plus 15% and of course there are some areas where... some accounts that have bad loss ratios, so it's more... but on the average 8% to 15%, which is the asking price, the negotiation gets it down to maybe 3% to 4%, maybe a little more and that means that you've got different deductibles. We also have a fewer employees in some of our accounts. So, that's kind of a brief potpourri of Retail. So, now Ill turn it to over to Powell for Brokerage, Services, and Program.
J. Powell Brown  President: Thank you, Hyatt. Brokerage, starting with transactional brokerage, coastal property continues to be down 20% to 50%. Non-coastal properties are down 20% to 30%, with significant standard market pressure particularly in the non-coastal areas, but peaking into areas in certain coastal areas. Casualty pricing, non-construction typically down 30% to 40%, significant standard pressure on primaries and umbrellas. West Coast residential contractors under $100,000 in premium, rates are typically down 10% to 20%. Premiums over $100,000, the rates are down 20% to 40%. And as weve said before, exposure units are tending down... trending down 40% to 70%. In the commercial construction space, we continue to see significant standard in market impact there as well. And our binding authority business in Florida, specifically standard market, continues to have an impact, rates are down 20% to 25% with more property capacity in the binding authorities as a limit. Personal Lines continues to see in Florida Citizens and non-rated takeout companies, and the national binding authority business rates are down typically 10% to 20%. In the Services area, we continue to be very impressed and pleased with USIS and NewQuest being on budget or above budget depending on the operation last fall. As youd remember, we lost a part of a large account, which roughly translates to about $400,000 a month, which really equates to that negative internal growth, everything else were going along as planned. In Special Programs, FIU core revenue in Q1 was down 12%, Citizens continues to play a role there to a lesser extent, but they continue to interpret their rules a little differently on any given day. The ex-wind business and the casualty business there, continues to be under pressure. Public entity business, with casualty specifically is down 20% to 30% in Q1. In Professional National Programs, lawyers are trending down 15% to 30% depending on the size and dentists are down 0% to 10%. In CalSurance on the West Coast, their professional liability programs are trending down about 5% to 10% in rate, and exposure units depending on the program are down 10% to 30%. The winner in the clubhouse in Q1 is Proctor Financial, which continues to do a great job for the team and we continue to see more force placed coverage on regional banks. So, with that Ill turn it back over to you Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks. And now Ill turn it over to Jim who is going to talk about M&A [inaudible].
Jim Henderson  Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Hyatt, and good morning everyone. M&A continues to produce favorable results for the company and we have a very positive outlook on acquisitions. The activity for the first quarter 2008 continues at a brisk pace. The $43.8 million with some 13 transactions this year announced continue... compares very favorably with the $108 million we completed for all of 2007, in 2007 we did some 27 transactions. Theres concerns about the increase in the capital gains tax rate and further soft market conditions are current factors that's influencing agencies to consider selling. We continue to exercise our dogged discipline on pricing and terms, our model is to pay a fair value for forward actual delivered earnings. Our ability to pay 100% cash for agencies is an attractive option when liquidity is very, very important as it is today. Next, Id like to turn to some of the activities in Tallahassee with respect to the State of Florida, Citizens Insurance Company, and the Florida Cat Fund. The Florida Senate has passed Senate Bill 2860 that addresses certain regulatory rules and sets a possible rate increase in '09 and limitation on subsequent years. There is no companion bill in the House at this time and significant provisions of the proposed bill will have to be resolved between the Senate and the House. The Senates bill includes certain provisions to one thats perhaps repealed the antitrust immunity currently for the insurance companies in Florida to eliminate the use of the used and file rates statute for Florida, a provision to freeze Citizens rates for 2008 with a possible 5% rate increase in 2009, and limit future increases after 09 to 10% per year. The bill requires more rapidly payment of claims within a certain number of days. A repeal of the arbitration provision exercise between insurance companies and the office insurance regulation on rate changes, requirements for approval for the hurricane cat modeling, and also the establishment of $250 million fund, a matching fund for new takeout companies. This money would come from the surplus as defined from Citizens. The States Chief Financial Officer has introduced a provision to reduce the Florida hurricane cat fund by some $3 billion for next year, not for this year but for next year, and considers certain private market reinsurance to assist the cat fund. This change is prompted by a concern on liquidity for Florida Citizens and for the cat fund obligations. The current bond market may not permit Citizens or the cat fund to issue the projected or timely issue the projected $25 billion to $30 billion in bonds required for a category, four to five storms. So, theres certainly there is a buzz in Tallahassee, a sense, perhaps a reality that Citizens Insurance Company has over the last few years has written some... close to some half trillion in values, it's obligation given a significant storm is such a magnitude that in fact it may outreach the bond capacity for Citizens and for the cat fund. We view these changes as positive in a sense that the solution is the greater participation by the private insurance market. We think this would take some time, but definitely a sense of change from the growth that weve seen in Citizens for the state. With those comments, Hyatt, Ill turn it back over to you for closing comments and questions.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Jim. To pay back just a little bit on what Jim is saying relative to what's happening in Tallahassee, the legislature of course is trying to come up with solutions. Quite frankly, the best solution is to let the private marketplace work and of course I am a Florida cracker and born and reared here. And I kind of think that hurricanes do have a tendency to come in bunches like bananas. And then you don't have any for a while and so assuming that to be the case, there will be several years with not much wind blowing. And as you can tell from my remarks relative to what's happening outside of the bottom three counties, that the private marketplace is coming in at prices and coverages that are depopulating the commercial area of Citizens. So but certainly Im not in a position to [inaudible] of hurricanes this year, but kind of think there won't be. So, let's look at a general outlook. First of all there, a press release is put out yesterday by the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers in Washington saying and I'm just quoting, the headline says, The Council's survey shows soft market even softer in first quarter of 2008. And I think that's correct in many respects. And so, some of the comments that they are finding from their members and of course, we are members also are and Ill just quote you a couple of three, carriers will quote with less information and quickly. There is more flexibility in carriers in terms of expansion of classes they want to write, therefore it's coming out of the non-embedded market. And then the last thing is all about price. So, we see that some P&C carriers are starting to have a bit of a game phase in terms of not being quite so wild and crazy. But I think the broad profit marketability profitability is overwhelming. According to [inaudible], the combined and of course, you can talk about accident year and you can talk about calendar year and blah, blah, blah. But Personal Lines moved from '06 92.7 to '07 96.1, and commercial lines moved from 91.3 to 93.7. So, the companies are still making a yard of money and as long as that continues, you can see this market is going to continue to be very, very competitive, which is good for the consumer. We think that Florida maybe would be a little better in the last quarter, but really not too sanguine about that. We are very pleased with the way our employee benefits are going along. We think they are going to be a run rate of about $150 million by year-end. We do recognize that the most significant organic challenge will be in Wholesale Brokerage and that bottom is going to lag Retail. We also feel that National Programs other than lawyers will tend to be slightly more stable. So, all in all, it's more of the same. But this is just... this is a repeat of 98-99 except Florida is a whole different world and I think that the profitability, the gross profitability meaning total profitability of the risk bearers is this greater during this time in the marketplace than it was in the 97, 98, 99 years. So, we continue to feel good about what we're doing, although we recognize that the suggestion that we had in the first quarter was that quarter one, two, and three are going to be very challenging and quarter four may be a little less [inaudible]. So, with that Bill, Ill turn it back to you and well open it up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Brown. [Operator Instructions]. And well take our first question from Keith Walsh, Citigroup.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: Good morning, gentlemen. First question for Hyatt on specifically Retail... Florida Retail. I know you talked about this extensively, but it just seems that we are really starting the deceleration, I guess, and the decline prices we are seeing. Are we heading towards the bottom here do you think? And then I have a follow-up.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And the answer is no, we are not at a bottom. I think that you're looking at next year although in some areas you see one of the things thats making this a little hazy is that not only you have a price or a rate decrease, but you have an exposure decrease. So, that's a little hard to kind of put together, but we don't see at the moment, if we have an account and we are about to lose the account, we can almost name the price, and so as long as that is the circumstance, I don't think we are at the bottom.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: Okay. That's very helpful. But then, just following up and thinking about cash and your stock right now, you guys are at the lowest multiple youve been at in over a decade, why wouldn't you be buying back stock right now?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, most people like to buy back stock, because they don't have anything else to do with it. We feel that the M&A opportunities just based on what we're seeing are greater than they've ever been and we don't... we feel that our best investment is our M&As, because that's the future of the company. So, as long as that is a great opportunity for us, the buying of stock is in second position.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Alexander, JP Morgan.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan Securities: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering, given the magnitude of rate decreases, are some companies buying more coverage?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And of course that's... Keith, that's... what we're trying to do... we are trying
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan Securities: [inaudible].
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are trying to sell everything we can do to offset some of these rate declines. So, if you have someone who hasnt taken its a $5 million umbrella and we think they all have a $10 million. We are trying to sell $10 million and if they havent had employee practices liability, we are trying to sell that or etcetera, etcetera. So, yes, there is more coverage being given for the same price, but there is also additional coverages or expanded coverages being written for additional dollars.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan Securities: Okay. And is the... is the current economic environment impacting your customer base, like is it changing buying behavior?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Not changing buying behavior, if you mean towards Keith, do you mean some alternative risk bearer or something like that?
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan Securities: Yes.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, no we are not seeing that, but what we are seeing is, businesses that are no longer in business, that's fairly bad and then we are seeing people who are cutting back because of the economic times.
Keith Alexander  JP Morgan Securities: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Hughes, SunTrust.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. Any movement in your average commission rates from 4Q to 1Q? And what's the outlook there, the last couple of quarters?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there is and what's happening is we're seeing higher commissions being offered by companies. And we are also asking and so what's really happening is that as these prices are going down, we are getting some additional commissions in some cases and the companies are pushing this to try to maintain their market share, so that's a positive. Now, could I quantify that? No. I was in a meeting in the West on Thursday night and Friday where we had all of our profit centers, it seems to be that in the West there is a greater propensity for extra commissions than elsewhere, it might have something to do with the way the market is out there.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got you. And then in terms of the cost structure, you did very well in other expenses, any one-time benefits there? Should we look for similar performance, excluding acquisitions?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Cory, will you answer that?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: No, not in general. Probably the only thing that may not have a reoccurence is the fact that E&O reserves, as claims are settled that comes down and that was probably a little more than normal, but the rest of those calls really just kind of came all across all line items and there was nothing one specific and that's why weve seen it's really the function of our decentralized system that really naturally modifies their cost as the market gets tougher.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think also Mark, one of the things that a lot of people dont recognize is that this virulence in the marketplace actually is really good for us because it hones our skills and it's a little bit like Lipitor for arteries and veins. It cleans out any plaque. And so what's happening is that we will come out of this even more efficient than we were in the past. So, we are not looking at this just being a negative. This is just sort of get it down and get it done time.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dan Johnson, Citadel Investment.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Thank you very much. A couple of numbers, follow-ups, please. The $2 million E&O, the service line broke up during that. Was that a $2 million reduction in E&O accruals in the quarter?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Well, it's a combination of less E&O claims activity, as well as as claims were settled, we may have had a reserve line and it just comes down. And basically attorneys kind of come up with a list of each of the account. But this is what we think we reserves and this is what's been settled up that. And so the comparison between the end of the last year of '07 and the first quarter, theres a little bit of claims activity coming off the list.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: I guess what I wanted to be clear was that this was an income statement impact, not a balance sheet; they are not only a balance sheet impact item.
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Right. They are both linked together.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Okay. So, there is that $2 million flow through the earnings. Got it. The Proctor, can you tell us a little bit more about remind us roughly how big that is and what sort of growth you saw in the quarter?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Powell, will you answer that?
J. Powell Brown  President: Yes, the... Ill just see something here.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Proctor for the
J. Powell Brown  President: For the quarter, it's about six, seven for the quarter and once again as I've said in light of some of the things we are seeing on a macro level, we are just seeing more force placed coverage in existing clients meaning existing banks and we are seeing... we are writing new business.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think to piggyback on what Powell is saying, the increase in foreclosures is a positive, if you are having forced placed business for banks.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: And the... that six, seven was, what sort of growth rate did you see in the quarter?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Say again, I didn't hear that.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: What sort of growth rate did we see out of Proctor in the quarter?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me comment on some. Dan, I misspoke, its nine, three instead of six, seven.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Okay.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Its the revenue. And they are up... they are basically up almost 100% in the quarter.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Great, great. And then the last one, Hyatt, just overall sort of 50,000-foot views here, weve been told sort of last two years from a lot of different people that this should be a... this should be a different pricing cycle, the industry had better data, you know the story... to give you a list of five to ten reasons, why this would be different.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: And the best you can tell from what kind of what's actually going on at least at 50,000 foot doesn't look that different. Id be interested in your views as if you see why this cycle doesn't appear to be meaningfully different than before or if you disagree with that comment?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, its meaningfully different only that the profit level across the entire P&C industry was substantially more than its ever been. Now, how much of that is due to Sarbanes-Oxley and not showing or not having over-redundant reserves, I really don't know. But, heres what you must recognize. The people that, you and all analysts listen are the national companies. The national companies are centralized and the national companies have a structure that is a bit ponderous. They are competing against regional companies that are very profitable and are in the agents and brokers offices with people, friendly people, every week. And so when you have, lets say 500 to 600 risk bearers competing, that's a pretty darn broad base of competition. So, I don't care who you are. You can say, Well, I've got all of this great data and my data shows that this is the price it should be. Well, if someone else is willing to quote 30% less than that and it's an A+ rated company and the agent is a good agent, then you are going to lose the account unless you match it. And so, that's what this is all about. Now, when you get into the very largest accounts, the multinationals and etcetera, it's a little different, its crazy they are two, but you're talking about risk transfer at a much higher level. And the business that Brown & Brown has been, generally speaking, is risk transfer from almost the first dollar, that's not exactly right, but close. Does that help?
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: That's very helpful. Thanks very much.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Farrell, FPK.
Dan Farrell  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hi, good morning. Just in terms of your comments on the fourth quarter, you mentioned that maybe you get back to a more we get back to a more normalized soft market of 10% to 15% price declines. And I think you are referring to just Florida. But within that context, is that the type of environment where you can generate flattish to modestly positive organic growth? Or is the fact that we also have a slowing economy, reduced exposure uses, is that an additional headwind that makes it difficult to get back to a flattish organic growth environment?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Theres about three different factors. The economy is one of them. And so home building is up very substantially. The second thing and looking at Florida, Florida has had these ups and downs. And so when is the real estate market going to come back in Florida? Well, who knows, couple of years, three years, maybe. But there... but we still have a lot of economic activity down here and there are people that are making investments here and in Arizona and in Southern California, and in maybe not so much in Las Vegas at the moment, that are going to be stimulative to the economy. There is one thing, if you look back at 98-99, which is when the depths of the last soft market, we had an internal growth rate of about 1% at the bottom, about 1.8%. Now, there is one name thats different about us today that was not then. And that is that we have a greater amount of revenue in Wholesale Brokerage, both transactional and the actual binding authority kind of stuff. And so that will lag some. But the offset to that is that we have substantially more revenues and employee benefits. As a matter of fact, if you sort of think about this for a moment, we think that well have about $150 million on a run rate of revenues in employee benefits. And probably, Powell would you say $180 million on Wholesale Brokerage, $180 million?
J. Powell Brown  President: That's fair.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, how do you balance all these things? That I dont know, Dan, but whatever it is, that's what it is and we just keep on are keeping on.
Dan Farrell  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. That was helpful. And then also can you just comment on the TPA services business and just some of the trends we are seeing there?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Actually, Dan, if you remember last year in Q the end of the Q3 call, we talked about we lost a portion of one account where we service do claims management services and some loss control and other things, bill repricings for a carrier. And in doing that, we lost roughly 400... slightly more than $400,000 of revenue a month. And so what you are seeing is that flows through the entire year and that will normalize next, I should say this coming September if I am right off the top of my head. So, that's what we are seeing there and once again their business just to elaborate slightly depending on how its set is set up, the contracts are written on premium serviced for the insurance carrier or some other metric and it depends because as you know in Florida, rates have come down roughly 18.7% this year for the fourth year in a row... fifth year in a row since meaningful reform was enacted in Florida in 2003 and work comp. And so, that in turn has pressure also on the business and yet they continue to write more business, except this one piece where we have this $400,000 that is... we lost on a monthly basis.
Dan Farrell  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Joseph DeMarino at Piper Jaffray.
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: Good morning.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Joe. How are you?
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: Good. You might have answered this, but what it looks like there is a little bit of an increase in the compensation expenses, what was the cause of that?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Well, of that
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: Excluding the first quarter of last year capital gain?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Right. When you exclude that, it basically went up about 2.6 percentage points. And I think the total was about $10 million, but that's where I say if you take the acquisitions that we made since the end of last, first quarter last year, first quarter of April 1st, $12 million [ph] of compensation came from those new acquisitions. So, then if you just strip that out and you are really just looking at the same offices that were there in the first quarter last year versus the first quarter this year, we actually had a net decrease in compensation expense of $1.6 million. And so, part of that was producer commissions, which are based on... that are paid on a commission basis, that was probably down a little over $1 million. The total management salaries and staff salaries were essentially flat and then believe it or not, our salaried producers who are generally newer producers who have now become validated, that actually went up by about $1.4 million. So, the point I would make there that even though this is a tough market, we continue to develop our producer forces and are not trying to cut any of the meat that we have there. And so, the difference to get down to $1.6 million has been just all the related taxes and benefits relating to those decreases and compensation. Does that answer your question?
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: Yes, it does. Thank you. And then, from your comments around the wholesale area would seem to indicate a longer or a greater struggle within that business model, are you seeing more M&A opportunities there?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As a matter of fact, we are.
Jim Henderson  Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: Theres quite a few on the market. This is Jim and I think the questionnaire becomes... the sustainability of their revenue base and their earnings going forward and in fact we have looked at several, some that we've could not move forward with, because of concerns about pricing or expectations, some we have. And I think one of the more positive aspects of wholesale is that it is the... becomes a market of choice when in fact the market does change. So, right now we have the headwind of rate changes. We also have a change dealing with, in fact, accounts leaving the ENS market over to the standard market. When the change does happen, the trend happens. They are more benefited by that change than the Retail side.
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks. And also could you expand on the wind capacity problems you talked about in New York?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In New York
J. Powell Brown  President: In New York or Florida?
Jim Henderson  Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: I think he's talking about my comment about the fact that some homes along the Long Island coast, some companies have... there are... companies are drilling lines and setting limits of exposure that they want in each geographic area along with those there and some companies reach their capacity and they won't write any more homes. So, there is some... there is something there, but not a great deal, not like Florida.
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And my last question is, could you give a little more color on the reduction in payrolls that you're seeing?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I wish we could. I mean it depends on who you are talking to. If you are talking to anyone in the home building business, now first of all theres home-builders. Their payrolls will be down 40% to 75% or 80% if they are still in business. Then secondly, you have the contractors, the subs, etcetera that are around those home-builders. And of course what they are doing is, they are out now scraping around for other business. So, their payrolls are not going to be down quite as much, but its had a decided impact. Now, in the commercial area and contractors, theres still a substantial amount of business around because of the fact that there is a lot of governmental jobs and then there is still constructions going on as a result of financial commitments made by banks and other lending institutions where the contract or where the development isn't yet completed. Then, if you get into other general kinds of businesses, in the Midwest there are some manufacturing operations that are doing very well because of the weak dollar and because they are exporting their product. So, we don't have a way of putting all this data in some kind of a software system and coming out with an average, except to say that if you look at the construction area, it's down pretty sharply in most areas of the country.
Joseph DeMarino  Piper Jaffray: All right. Thanks guys.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And well take our next question from Nick Fisken at Stephens. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. Hi, good morning, everybody.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Nick. How are you? Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. Good. Cory, on the other operating expenses, last year they were down, Q1 to Q2, $300,000 and just to be crystal on this one, it sounds like it should go up by at least $2 million on the E&O release, correct?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Im not so sure Ive made that assumption. Its just I think it's more of a function of what happens here in this next quarter relative to E&O. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. So, worst case it goes up too, sequentially?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: I'm not sure, I didn't say that either. Basically, any claims that come up, our attorneys look at it and make evaluation as to what is a likely outcome? And then based on that you establish a reserve, if you believe that there is going to be an indemnity payment there. And so it's just a matter of what get settled and the drop this quarter just happened that, in the first quarter of this year there was a lot of clients who just got resolved or got drawn out of the court. One case we had that we were sued, we actually got a defendant payment out of it, like $200,000 with... so, its all generally I think the number of claims have actually dropped too and some of the Spitzer related stuff is kind of winding out. And so, I don't... I don't think its something you can really predict. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. Okay.
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: But it had... there hadn't been wide fluctuations from quarter to quarter. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. The Q had showed too, a wide fluctuation?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: That's probably been... I would say, yes, that's probably been the widest over the last 18 months probably. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. Okay. And Jim on the M&A front, it sounds like a little bit change of tune, say when you guys have $150 million on your line left and looking at doing another $50 million to $100 million floating rate deal. That tells me that the acquisition opportunities, like Hyatt said, are very robust and I'm wondering, could you... can you quantify the dollar amount in your pipeline? And then secondly, are you guys looking at some greater than $30 million revenue deals?
Jim Henderson  Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: Well, there is a few out there that can... of course, large they are that seem to draw more attention and sometimes more aggressive pricing. We've tried particularly this year and we've had some degree of success of staying with our purchase multiple and counting the market to come back to us, which I think we've had... we've seen some positive development there. And whether that's the banks or whether it's the venture capital money out there thats been looking at deals, certainly they have... they pressed the pricing of wholesale operations in certain MGUs very high. And then some banks would, in fact, create some really very delta change on pricing for retail agencies. The banks have... there's a lot of change there. There's been at least, Bank of America, Commerce Bank, Webster that have announced exit from this business. There is about two to three others that we are aware of that... [inaudible] reviewing whether or not they stay in the business. So and then the baby boomers, the time now later and certain the capital gains, I think it's a combination of all of those. We pressed a great recorder and say, Well, gee, the pipeline is robust and I'm sure you are real tired of hearing that. But we're pleased about the activity. We have in fact stepped up our resources to look at more numbers of deals. They average around $4 million or $5 million if we're going to do more, which I think we can and we should. They are very accretive that we are adding to our resources to review and complete on a somewhat quality basis more transactions. And so, I think that component is very positive.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think one thing I'll just sort to add to that and piggybacking on what Jim is saying, we are seeing a change in the attitude of banks. And of course I know you know that too. And of course theres two reasons. The first thing is that the culture is different and they are not getting what they thought they were going to get out of it in some respects in terms of the agency operations. Second thing is, is that banks have credit problems and they are now having to retreat back to core competencies. But the third shoe and the big shoe and this is when you'll see the final mail in the bank coughing on insurance agencies, is when one bank gets nailed with the time suit, class action suit, and they will lose more money on that than they would ever make in a thousand years on an insurance agency operation. So, this is two things. Number one, opportunity for acquisitions and two, a competitor out of the marketplace, so thats a good thing. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. Have you sensed a or is there a suit filed with the... against a bank for their time, credit, and insurance?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Not that I know of, but over a long period of time, it seems like that's a substantial exposure for a bank and of course, they recognize that and are trying to be very sensitive to it. But when you get... it's a little bit like the banks and the subprime lending. Banks always before were lending 75% to 80% of the values of homes and getting lots of credit information. In this last euphoria, which now has turned into a disaster, banks in fact ignored all of the old rules and as a result of that billions of dollars are going down the tube. So, when you have an insurance operation sitting over here at the side and someone is under a lot of pressure to produce additional earnings, it's just... it's a huge exposure. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. And lastly... I'm sorry.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And I say it's a huge exposure even though they may have [inaudible] you can tie it together, but the very fact that the bank is lending money to someone that they are soliciting insurance from is sort of imposing. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. And last thing, do you guys sense you are winning more deals because youve got the cash in $2.5 billion market cap and you are not offering equity in a private company?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Jim?
Jim Henderson  Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think it's a very good question, Nick. I think the cash just came right now and I think for it to be out there with someone saying, here is 25% to 30% of it is going to be forward equity or some undefined time period, that thats being looked at a lot more skeptical because now the results of some of these operations involving equity rollups have not been great and if the track record is not wonderful then how would they win. So, we are very confident with our cash only, no equity, with that and we feel like it is now an attraction as opposed to may be being a neutral or negative before.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think to piggyback on that also, Nick, is as you know weve had some very large opportunities in the last couple of years for which we have not chosen to foresee. As a result, we have a lot of dry powder and so this is the kind of marketplace in the next two to three years when dry powder is a real plus. Nikolai Fisken  Stephens Inc. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And well go next to Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Hi, good morning everybody,
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Meyer.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: In your opinion, other than concerns about the weather, is the attitude of Florida's insurance regulators deterring any carriers from setting up their participation in the market?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thats a really difficult answer, a question and answer. You have the legislature who is trying to respond to the cries of their constituency and so there is some chest-pounding going along. The regulators are trying to be evenhanded, but they have been pushed over some by the elected people. So, is it just awful, awful? Its not awful, awful, but it is not considered to be a very positive climate by insurance companies at the moment, particularly if you're in the personal life business. That's where the real rub is and thats where the big capacity problem is. So, well work our way through this. This has happened before, Meyer. I remember in the 1970s when companies were going to walk out of Florida because they were being put to the test on personalized auto liability. Well, there was a lot of yanking and jerking in Yanks and now it all went away and file in use were actually working. So, if we just let a little time go along, the marketplace will solve the problem.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Jim, can you just talk a little bit about the... I guess M&A strategy and opportunity in London?
Jim Henderson  Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: Well, the opportunity there was, this project that Powell has helped laid and established that, it's been a project we have looked out for over a long period of time and we looked at several operations there and they simply had either culturally or issues that we felt that had some strengths to them that we did not want to bring into our financials or obligations. So, we started from scratch and with our own people, with our own culture, we are very pleased with what's going on there with it. I think maybe Powell could take on to that with respect to individuals and attorneys, any comments?
J. Powell Brown  President: No, thanks, Jim. I would tell you to piggyback on Jims comment. We definitely... we do a lot of business in London and its growing and over the last three years in particular, weve spent time looking at several opportunities and as Jim alluded to, none of those really fit for a number of reasons and we decided to look for we always look for, which are good people and weve identified a team of people, which have started. There we have four people on the ground there and Tony Strianese who is a Regional Executive Vice President who started Peachtree Special Risk de novo here in the States in 2000 is in charge of that and is growing that and its a traditional one in broker, which serves intermediaries here in the United States, independent retail operations and can work with Brown & Brown. So, we are very excited about the opportunities.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's great. And one last question if I can. Is it reasonable to expect as long as there is competition between the carriers, that push rates down, you will see a continued sort of compounded offset into the commission rates?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Compounded, what was that, Meyer?
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: The same way you're seeing company takes rate decrease year after year after year. Reasonable to expect commission rates to sort of just up year after year or is it just one time?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, they will drift up as long as the companies are aggressively seeking business. The moment the worm turns and the prices start to go up, they immediately will go down. And so the worm isn't close to turning.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Got it, thanks so much.
Operator: And we will go next to Steven Labbe, Langen McAlenney.
Steven Labbe  Langen McAlenney: Hi, good morning. Just a quick question, I was wondering if you could give us what organic growth would have been, excluding the supplemental or the GSCs that were included in this quarter, but not last year?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Cory?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: [inaudible] about $2.4 million. Because remember last year, in the first quarter there were no GSCs accrued because we really didn't even know what Traveler's or Chubb's game plan was until the end of April. And so, in the second quarter of last year, of '07, we accrued $3.2 million, which was roughly $1.6 million to $1.650 million per quarter. So, it was two quarters that we plan into the June second quarter year-end. So, there wasn't anything in the first quarter. So, this year there is another two point... the Hartford is now part of the GSC in addition to Chubb and Traveler's. And so that amounts about $2.4 million this quarter.
Steven Labbe  Langen McAlenney: So to be apples-to-apples, I would have to just use that 2.4 million?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Steven Labbe  Langen McAlenney: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: And well go to Ken Billingsley, Signal Hill.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill Group LLC: Good morning, just a couple of questions here. Seeing that the stock is trading at early 2004 levels, yet your income is at least in your 2000 level 2006 levels and stabilizing. Based on your bonus structure, how is employee morale and retention of office leaders right now?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Actually, it a good question. The individual offices bonuses for the Head of Office and the department managers is based on the growth or lack thereof in their own offices. So, individual offices, some offices, bonuses went down last year and some went up, that's the same for this year. And so, the only people with bonuses who are probably going to be down is probably the senior leadership, which is the top 10 people in the company. And that's because those bonuses are tied to a minimum growth and the earnings for the whole company. So, we are not experiencing a loss of PCLs, we continue to make some changes, as they are deemed necessary. But from the standpoint of people leaving us who we want to keep, we just don't seem to have that problem.
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Ken, we also this first quarter, we reloaded our performance stock awards at this lower stock value and I think that is viewed as a very positive element meaning our ability to grow the stock and create equity wealth for them. And so that was well received and given the headwind there to grow the value. And Ken as you remember, there are performance stock plans, those are grants of stock and unlike options they are never underwater. You may have had grant of option at $35 mark and now the price is that at $17 or still worth $17 and of course the new grant we just gave, it was issued in February because the last major grant we gave was actually five years ago in the period of time that, that period ended on 12/31/07. So, if this new grant was just a re-upping of the normal grants.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And piggybacking on to what Cory said when he used the $35 example, that would be for a PSP grant that it actually been awarded. As you know in order to get awarded these grants, the stock has to go up 20%. So, let's say that I am just pulling this off the top of my head, if the stock was at the PSP current awards were at $18 a share, 20%, I think at something like may be $21 or $22. So, once the stock goes to $21 or $22 and stays for 20 days at an average, then one-fifth of those shares are awarded. Those then are sitting there in the award category until the person is either with the company 15 years or 64 or death or disability. And so, that's a general description of the way that the plan works.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill Group LLC: Very good. And the last question is, I just want... comments that you made last quarter and then you restated at the end of your prepared comments. But that you expected the first three quarters to be tough in 2008. Were there any surprising benefits given this quarter as that may have offset that opinion for the first quarter?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill Group LLC: Did you think you guys performed maybe better than you initially expected based on the comments that you made last quarter?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. We kind of did exactly pretty much what we kind of figured we do.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill Group LLC: Okay.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But there wasn't anything... we didn't get any real good, we didn't get any breaks and we didn't get hit in the back of the head. So, it's kind of slogging through a tough time.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill Group LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Well take a follow-up question from Mark Hughes, SunTrust.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. What was the cash flow from operations?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Cory?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: The cash flow from operations this year or this first quarter is going to be roughly $45 million.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then the Proctor division in the fourth quarter was up 100% in Q1, how did they do in the fourth quarter?
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that with me, Cory. Do you have that?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Well, fourth quarter of last year they had
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're looking.
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Proctor last year, I mean in the fourth quarter of last year, they basically were down, margin like 3%.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Down year-over-year to 3%?
Cory Walker  Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: No, that was just for the fourth quarter.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Mr. Brown, we have no other questions standing by at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
J. Hyatt Brown  Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Bill, and thank you all and well look to see you in July. Bye. Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and CEO Cory T. Walker - Sr. VP, CFO, and Treasure J. Powell Brown - President Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments Dan Farrell - Fox-Pitt Kelton Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc. Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group Eli Fleminger - Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Brown & Brown Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance and that such payments are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of the security laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of numbers of factors, including those of risks and uncertainties that have been or will identify from time-to-time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Company's business and prospects are contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Listeners are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and those actual results and events may differ from those indicated in this call, such events and such differences I apologize may material. With that said, Mr. Brown, I will now turn the call over to you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, Katie and good morning everyone. The batting order this morning is Cory will go first, and he's here in the room with me. Powell I will second and Powell will go third, and he and Jim who will go fourth, are on the line. They are on the route this morning. And then, I will take it back over after Jim for a little recap and then we will have questions. So, Cory, do you want to start off with the financials?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Thanks. All I can say is thank God the fourth quarter is over. This is the first quarter that we have ever had where we had less net income than the previous year's comparable quarter. Our net income for the quarter was $33 million compared to $37.6 million in the fourth quarter of 06. Total revenues for the quarter increased only 1.2% to $217.2 million from the $214.7 million in the fourth quarter of 06. The first line item on the income statement is commissions and fees that for the quarter increased 1.2% or $2.4 million of net commissions and fees. Including our press release is our scheduled internal growth and when you exclude the profit-sharing contingency income to get to the total core commissions and fees, for the fourth quarter of 07, that increase $3.9 million over the 06 quarter. However, within that net growth number is $20 million of revenues from acquisitions. So, the good news is that we finished the 2007 year with our third best year in terms of annualized revenues acquired in one year. The bad news is that the continued governmental interference in the Florida insurance marketplace accelerated the soft market environment for us, thereby creating the fourth straight quarter of negative internal growth in core commissions and fees and actually the worst of any of those four quarters. The net loss of the $16.1 million of the core commissions and fees on the same-store sales basis reflects a negative 7.8% overall internal growth rate compare to just a 3% negative growth in the very last quarter. This specific internal growth rate by business segment will be addressed by Hyatt and talk a little bit of the activities in each of those segments. But moving on to our investment income. We earned $500,000 less in the 2007 fourth quarter compared to the 2006 quarter. And this is primarily due to a $275,000 write-down on a small investment that we had in a private equity fund that we owned since 1999. We anticipate that this investment fund will liquidate in the next 12 months and will recover the remaining recorded value on our books of approximately $221,000. Other income was $1.4 million for the quarter compared to $791,000 in the fourth quarter of 06. Most of these gains, as you know, result from primarily sales of certain book-to-businesses in the normal course of operations. Now looking at the expenses for the fourth quarter. While our total revenues grew by only 1.2%, total expenses grew 11.6%. In general, growth of our expenses outpaced our revenue growth for two reasons. First, we had a great quarter of acquisitions and during the initial transition phase of new acquisitions, the cost structure of these acquisitions are not as efficient as our existing operations. And therefore, add to our increased cost as a percentage of total revenue. And secondly, we have a negative internal growth rate of 7.8% that result in $16.1 million of commissions and fee revenue disappearing in one quarter, primarily due to rate environment, the fixed cost portion of our employee compensation and other operating expenses do not adjust in anyway. And therefore, these costs as reflected as a percentage of total revenues go up. Our single largest expense line item is employee compensation and benefit. As a percentage of total revenue, this line equal 50.7% of total revenue compare to 46.7% of revenues charged in the fourth quarter of 06. Excluding the results of just standalone acquisitions, the comparable percentage of total revenues would be 50.2% as compared to 46.7% in the fourth quarter of last year. Since only compensation to our commission producers and our profit center bonuses vary on a real time basis directly with its revenues and earnings, the remaining management professional and administrative salaries are relatively fixed cost and do not adjust overnight. As of the end of 2007, we had 5,047 full time equivalent employees, of which 5,008 were from new acquisitions during 2007. Thus, when you compare to the 4,733 full time equivalent employees that we had at the end of 2006, we actually had a net reduction of about 194 employees. Our typical employee receives a 3.5% salary increase each year. And this normal cost of living increase accounts for the majority of the increase ratio of compensation to total revenues. The remaining differential was due to miscellaneous other cost increases such as the slightly higher cost for the group insurance as well as 401(k) profit sharing contributions. Other operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2007 amounted to $35.0 million compared to $35.9 million in the fourth quarter of 06. However, the 2006 amount included a $5.8 million payment to resolve the State of Florida Spitzer related investigation. Excluding that from the prior years other operating expenses, we had $4.9 million of additional expenses in the 2007 quarter over 2006. Of that amount, $3.4 million related to just 2007 acquisitions that were standalone offices. The remaining $1.5 million of additional cost relate partially the cost from fold-in acquisition and other miscellaneous cost increases, such as accounting and professional fee went up, we had more software license fees or bad debt expense tweaked up a little bit and we had a little bit more contributions. Again, similar to our fixed compensation cost, other operating expenses are for the most part fixed and are not able to adjust as rapidly as the insurance prices fell in the same period. Looking at amortization and depreciation expense. Those increases obviously were just mainly due to the increase level of acquisitions. On interest expense was slightly higher and similar as it was in the three previous quarters. This was due to the increased $25 million borrowing in December of 2006. Also as a result of our increased acquisition activity in the second half of 2007, last week we borrowed an additional $25 million from the Prudential Capital Markets Group at a 5.37%, all in coupon rate for a seven year period. We currently have remaining $150 million available to us in this facility with Prudential, which we anticipate to continue to tap into during 2008 depending on the acquisition activity. Our effective tax rate for the year was 38.7%, and 38.3% for the quarter. However, as we have previously reported, we have had an ongoing IRS examination for the past year. And the good news is that there was actually no significant issues except that the IRS believe that we should accrue and pay taxes for the profit-sharing contingent commission as of December 31 of each year for which we dont receive the monies until the following February, March, April, May, and later. The calculations to determine the profit-sharing contingent commission are solely in the hands of 150 to 200 different insurance carriers that we represent, and they are paying the contingent commissions. The vast majority of those carriers due not supply us with their calculations until the following February through May period. Since these calculations are based on information specific to each of those carriers and there is no regional method to estimate those are now until the carriers make the calculation and inform their agency force. The primary industry standard is to record these amounts for both book and tax purposes at the earliest time that they can determine by the agent, which is generally when the carrier sends us the calculations are long with their check. The IRS believes that if the insurance carriers are taking these payments as a tax expense in the accident year period somebody should be picking it up as income. Since they were auditing our 2004 tax year their initial assessment of the potential interest and penalties through the current 2007 year could amount to $7 million. Additionally, as ridiculously as it seems, the IRS field agent performing the audit also wanted to classify each of our insurance agency contracts that had a profit-sharing contingency feature as a de-facto partnership agreement for which a K-1 should have been issued and therefore allowed the IRS to assess an additional penalty of over $2 million. Since we historically receive 75% to 85% of these contingent profit-sharing contingent commissions in the first quarter of following year and pay taxes on those earning beginning with the April 15th quarterly tax payment, this entire issue in a nutshell really centers on a 90 day advance payment of the related taxes. We waved the cost of fighting this issue through the tax court system versus the cost of the lost cash flow from the timing on the tax payment and we determine that it was more prudent to settle with the IRS. We ultimately agreed to resolve this issue with the IRS for $1.1 million of the interest, and an agreement accrue at December 31 each year for tax purposes only similar a amount of profit-sharing contingent commissions that we had received in the first quarter of that year, so we are dealing with a known number. And then we would true that number up to the actual amount received by the end of the following March. Now this agreement will result in us recording large current deferred income tax asset on the December 31st balance sheet, which you see on our balance sheet. There is a $17 million amount there. That current deferred balance will basically go away as of the following March 31 balance sheet since the relating income will now have been recognized in our GAAP financial statement as of March 31. Moving on to the year-end numbers. For the full year of 2007, we had total revenues of $959.7 million, up from 9.3% over 2006. Our pretax margin for the year was 32.3%, up 40 basis points from the 31.9% in 06. Our net income per share for 2007 was $1.35 versus $1.22 for 06. However, as you know, we have had several unique one-time items that occurred during 2007. So, let me just recap on a per share basis where you might want to consider our 2007 base line earnings to be. The first and second quarter in the first and second quarter, we recognized $18.7 million gain on the sale of the Rock-Tenn stock. This amounted to approximately $0.08 per share earnings. During the year, we also recognized gains of $13.7 million in sales of books of businesses, which amounted to approximately $0.06. However, there is always going to be some sales of book of businesses here and there. So, from an ongoing basis, which is assumes that $0.05 of the $0.06 was outside the historical norm. This would make the take the 2007 earnings per share $1.35 less $0.08 and less the $0.05 item, more like $1.22 earnings per share looking into the 2008 year. So, with that rather lengthy financial report I'll just turn it over to Hyatt now.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks Cory. Moving into the retailer. And first of all, Florida retail, with a negative 11.2 this quarter versus a negative 12.3 last quarter. The downdraft in pricing does continue and I think as I mentioned previously, starting in July casualty prices, which had been somewhat flat, all of a sudden started to precipitously drop and they are continuing. The renewals are 20% to 25% down, almost regardless of loss ratios. Workers compensation is down an average of 18% thats the new credit plus there are some companies that are using additional schedule credits that we are not using those same schedule credits 90 days ago. So, it continuing to and currently workers comp in Florida has been quite profitable. Umbrella is not quite so soft, down maybe 10% to 12% to 15%. Some good news. Some non-embedded markets, these are property including wind markets, are now taking accounts from the citizens win. Now, these generally are larger risks, $10 million or more that have previously A rated by citizens. Of note and kind of an unusual note, we were told by one large national carrier this is their larger accounts division and they are writing accounts. They are $300,000, $400,000 of premium and up and the office I think is responsible for maybe three or four states. On January 1, they wrote no new accounts and they lost no accounts. Never before happened. And this is reflective across almost every company across the United States is companies are telling their underwriters, dont lose any renewal. Prices in the spinal of Florida. Now, spinal Florida would be Lake Orlando, Leesburg, Ocala, Gainesville, et cetera. Those are dropping 5% to 10% faster than elsewhere meaning coastal. So, if you had an average of 20% to 25%, you have got to add another 5% to 10% on packages. The citizens rights are stabilized, meaning there hasnt been anything thats happened there in the last six months or so. And the Tri-County area the standard carriers still arent in the market yet. They are still hanging back. Although, we are doing okay now with FIU which I think Powell will talk about. In the marine area, we do have a large volume of yachts and these are basically Caribbean yachts, and of course, then some are more I guess go to the mail in the summertime. If the yacht is $1 million or thereabouts the prices are down 10%, if its $1 million to $15 million, its down 30% above $13 million. These are the Hull coverages then 35% to 40%. Exposure units are down in construction risk. Homebuilders, these are the payrolls and fleets of vehicles et cetera. Homebuilders around 50% to 60% to 70%. These are the exposure units on. And in commercial there will be a quite a bit of business there. They are down maybe 10% to 20%. The actual real serious capacity problem in Florida in terms of property is really not in the area of commercial, although, there are some problems. But the real problem is in homeowners and that capacity of constraint, and of course, we are continuing to build new homes and the value in those homes, cost of content and et cetera create huge exposures. So, I would expect the current conditions will probably continue for the first maybe one two quarters of 08 and I think there will be some equilibrium and that is just [Technical Difficulty] and there has been since no further governmental interference. Employee benefits in Florida are up 10% to 15 on average. Again, people are not exactly taking increase. They are changing coverages and et cetera. So, the price increases are actually lower than that. National retail, moving on from Florida was a negative 3% and 0.001%. All areas are expensing down their rates with a few exceptions. Now one of the things in national retail depending on where you are, A, rates never went up as high and therefore they cannot go down as low and B, there are some places where we are having a boom as a result of oil and related sorts of things. So little different situation. But to get a little specific in Georgia, South Carolina [Technical Difficulty] and reductions, across the Board on packages, coastal property is still going down 25% to 40%. However, thats going to kind of flat out a little bit. Workers comp [Technical Difficulty] in Virginia, Maryland and Atlantic, the middle market, 20% to 40% on dis-pack, auto was 10% to 20%. Umbrellas are softer on tougher risk. If you are in Pennsylvania and New Jersey area, trade contractors is minus 10% to 15% on renewal. Workers comp is down 20% to 25%. Social services is the more stable area, generally 5% to 12% down. Frame condos, frame condos in that area this is property now are $0.085 rate on renewals and they were $0.12 to $0.13 and if its AAA, then it is $0.02 to $0.03, and these are those are pretty rock bottom rates. Dont think those can go much lower. In New Jersey package is very soft, 20%, 30% lower. Construction umbrellas are flat to minus 10%. Some New York City contractors are getting a little more competitive because theres some new markets there, workers comp is very competitive. Upstate New York is a little different situation, packages are off an average of 15% to 20%, umbrellas are 10%. The property rates are the same as we talked about New Jersey, $0.085 on frame and $0.02 and maybe a little less on some AAA. Again Upstate New York never went up as high and therefore is not going down as low. The exposure units are down on some contractors. Theres no big changes though other than that, Indiana, Illinois was constant working. Workers compensation in Wisconsin has kind of gone crazy. Schedule credits there are now being given up to 50%, never heard of that before. The heavy contractors in the Chicago area, thats a little bit more stable, maybe it has maybe down 10%, maybe down 12%. Lighter contractors though, less exposure of 15% to 20%. The regionals, the middle part of the United States is regional heaven and the regional are really, really, really aggressive in that area. Going down to Louisiana, Mississippi and over into Texas for a moment. In Louisiana, larger property is the minus 30%. Again this is the all non-admitted stuff and if in fact there was an admitted market that had written a how to protect a risk like a AAA risk, those prices are flat, but its the its the non-AAA stuff that is going down 30 or so percent. Umbrellas are flat and down 10%. Marine is down 10% unless it is excess marine and thats minus 20%. The oil boom is going on and theres lots of things happening, increases in exposure units and et cetera and markets now in Louisiana are taking business from citizens as the markets are taking business from citizens in Florida, which is good news. In Texas much softer than 90 days ago, tier one is still tied on win, tier one thats a kind of a I guess you will call it a little bit of a misnomer, its really if you look in the Houston area you will find that tier one is south of I-10 and anything thats north of I-10 becomes very, very competitive and as markets are starting to reduce their prices in the tier one area, the packages are down 20% to 30%. The economy is strong however and oil and tough lines is minus 10% to maybe minus 20%. Employee benefits in that area of Texas is a +2% to +5%, thats the lowest pricing that we found. In Western Retail, minus 8.3% was minus 5.9%. New Mexico and Colorado packages were 10% to 15% up to $100,000 in premium and above that they are 20% to 30%. E&S, general liability that is in the E&S market, thats a little flatter particularly on the tougher classes. Workers comp is minus 10%, umbrellas are flat to minus 10%. Aviation, now that is a very, very soft area, the softness according to our people in 35 years. Four new markets, two of them are overseas, two of them are of course U.S. based and the two that are U.S. based are really at each others throats. And so whole prices on industrial used aircrafts and these are jets and aircraft that would be $6 million or $7 million in value all the way on up to $30 million or $40 million or $50 million and those whole rates are down 45% to 55% and the liability is down 30% to 40%. Looking at, however though so, but other than the aviation I would call Colorado, New Mexico a little more stable than some of the other areas. California, Arizona, Nevada is till crazy, even Med-Mal in California is now going down 10% to 20%, although in California workers comp that we talked about is going down 25 has in the past, going down 25% to 30% or 40%. Its now more in the 15% to 25% and there is a recommended rate increase as you know, but no ones taking it. So, I think by the end of the year there will be some changes, there, I will say one thing that the largest writer of workers comp in California has now increased her commissions to agents by 2% which is kind of interesting. Homebuilders, those exposure units on renewals are down, just crazy, 60%, 70% in California, Nevada, and in Arizona. The umbrellas and particularly the more vanilla umbrellas are pretty stable because there is a $1000 per $1 million minimum and that has not been so far been violated and the last soft market I remember them getting down as low as $500 and $750. The in Washington and that area, packages are its a little more stable. Packages down 10 to 20. Fish boats, marine, those kind of classes, those haul and P&I is up plus 20%, one of the few areas that are thats up. The longshoreman harbor worker, workers comp is about flat. Probably as business is down 10% to 15%. So, with that Ill turn it over to Powell to talk about the other sectors. Powell?
J. Powell Brown - President: Thank you very much, Hyatt. In special programs, FIU revenue was down 28% in Q4. things are not as erratic with the Citizens as has been in the past quarters. GL pricing and ex-wind business continue to be under great pressure. American Specialty or Sports Entertainment broker and AFC also serves this facility. Rates in those two facilities around the country are down on average 10% to 20%, CalSurance the professional liability lines on accounts, under $150,000, or down 10% to 20% in account over 150 to 250 and above or down 35% or more. Proctor Financial continues to perform very well and I would say the general rule on all programs, special and professional programs we have very good support from our risk bearing partners. And we're thus retaining a number of our accounts but they are at slightly reduced or very reduced prices relative to the services area as we noted in the Q3 call. We are very, very pleased with USIS and NewQuest, but at the end of Q3 we lost a portion of one of the clients for, Soft services and they took it in-house, we didnt lose the entire account. They took a portion of it, the majority of the business in-house and that affects us to the tune of roughly $400,000 a month. That will continue on until September of this year. Relative to brokerage, in transactional properties specifically as you all remember the pricing went down substantially after June of last year, In Q4 in Florida properties down 30% to 60% and Floridas got the significant downdraft. Lots, of options for buyers, most notably citizens. But they have non-rated options and other rated options. Outside of Florida as the general rule and transactional property, I would say is down 20% to 50% and the standard markets are really starting to stretch on classes of business as Hyatt alluded to about the frame of apartments. Thats typically a class of business that depending on where you are in the country, thats not something that is the most desirable in an admitted market, although they are now starting to attack that in certain areas around the country and casualty on the East Coast is very soft. Lots of standard market activity there on accounts over $100,000 in premium. Rates are down 30% to 50% as it relates to West Coast residential, under a $100,000 premiums would be down 30% in rate over $100,000 premiums down probably 40% plus in rate and as Hyatt had alluded to the exposure base, is down anywhere from 40% to 70%. On the commercial side in the West rates are down typically about 30% plus and exposures are down probably down 10% plus. Seeing lots of standard market activity in California and other western states. Which is the first in some of those classes of business in a while. In Binding Authority. In Florida, the commercial Binding Authority, we're starting to see some more standard market intrusion in areas i.e. North Florida, Northeast Florida and Northwest Florida. Rates are down for property, typically 20% to 30%. Casualty is down 5% to 20% and Personal Lines in Florida as Hyatt alluded to there is a capacity crunch but in our environment in Binding Authority, we are seeing citizens and other non-rated take out companies as the biggest competition there. Outside of Florida the Binding Authority business is primarily casualty driven. Standard markets are very active; casualty business is down 5% to 25%. In the fourth quarter of 07 Citizen did not roll out as they had talked about the $2.5 million all perils policy and we are still waiting to hear additional information on that and Public Entity business, casualty, over a $100,000 accounts rates were down typically 15% to 25% and under a $100,000 premiums rates were down 10% to 15%. Professional rates are all down in the same range as those for casualty. In Professional National Programs lawyers continue to do very well. The small accounts premiums are down 10% to 15% and over $30,000 premiums, the rates are down20% to 30%. Dental, the professional on Dental continues to be flat and the packages are down 10% to 20% and in PIP, which is our shipping facility. In St. Louis rates are flat, but their revenues can be impacted by economic swings going forward. So, thats the rest of my report, Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. Okay. Jim would you like to talk about M&A activity.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Hyatt and good morning everyone. First, I'd really like to report a bright spot in the most recent quarter and that is our merger and acquisition activity. As an overview of this activity. I would like to review three different topics. The first being our activity level. The second comments on the current M&A environment and lastly additional Brown & Brown resources that we have moved over to transaction capability. First, as to activity. As announced in our press release the fourth quarter 2007 and first forty days of 2008 has been very busy and very successful period for acquisitions. For the period we completed 20 transactions with $61.2 million in annualized revenues. $26.6 million or 44% of the acquisitions in this period was for retail employee benefit businesses. This is a fast growing profitable segment of our business and we have as an overall corporate goal to increase the employee benefits revenues to 25% of our total revenue base. We currently have approximately $132 million in revenues in this product line or approximately 14%, 14.5% of our revenue base. For calendar year 2007 we completed 26 transactions with $107 million in annualized revenues. Secondly, some comments on the current M&A environment. We have recently experienced a moderate improvement in acquisition deal pricing and terms. With regard to the transaction activity for the industry. There was a report by on e of the agency consultants and brokers. There was less agencies purchase by banks or by venture capital firms in 2007 versus 2006. Indeed several banks have sold their agency operations in the past year. Brown & brown made two such acquisitions from banks. We can also report an increase in the number of agencies that have expressed interest in selling their agencies. The soft market cycle, tougher economic conditions, reduced exposure units, perhaps a anticipated change in the tax laws are concerns expressed by agency owners. The lack of an effective economic perpetuation plan remains the leading factor that drives agencies to sell. Given the current soft market conditions, we are exercising great caution in the pricing of agencies. Our longstanding approach to pay for actual forward delivered earnings has been a technique that has served us well. Our preference in the current conditions is to have a minimum of a two preferable three year earned out period to resolve pricing our concerns. Lastly, I'd like to make some comments on our acquisition team. We have really world-class individuals capability in this area. The recent announcement regarding Tom Donegan is but one structural improvement in our M&A resources. We have realigned other resources from internal audit, quality control and leadership development that will enable Brown & Brown to routinely complete an increasing number of transactions. Organizationally the M&A resource teams will report directly to me and to Hyatt. Hyatt, with those comments, Ill turn it back over to you for wrap up comments and perhaps the questions.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks Jim. Good report. The outlook for 08. the bottom line is, is that property and casualty pricing is going to continue to go South. In the January 7, addition of national underwriters, theres a very interesting graph. The graph shows the soft market starting and hard markets. Starting from 1970 through 2008 estimated and in each one of the softest cycles of the market. The first was the 1974 at the depth according to this graph in National Underwriter. At the depth, the property and casualty premiums for the industry grew approximately 6%. In 1981 and 1982 the depths of the next soft market, the property and casualty premiums in the market and the entire industry grew 3% to 4.5%. Then in the protracted soft market, there were a couple of down blips. 1992 the entire industry grew about 2% and 1998 grew about 1% and the projection for this coming year is that there would be a negative growth in the entire industry. If that true, again, according to this article and its also sourcing AM Best Insurance information as to if thats true, it will be the first a negative premium growth since 1943. So, all of that having been said, it just means that we have to go out and write a lot more new business, and of course, we do write more new business in the soft markets. Then we do in hard markets for obvious reasons. We think the first three quarters of 08 are going to challenging for organic growth. There will be we think some modern opportunity or modest opportunity maybe for change in Q4. Our loss ratios for P&C carriers must increase 5% to 10% before rational pricing appears. And as you know, the first three quarters of this year I think the combined for the 20 or 30 largest companies that do reported business insurance or they are picked up like in business insurance show something like 90 to 92 combined. So, there's a way to go there now. According to information, it one of the reasons for those low loss ratios are takedowns of all reserves and what we have is a very, very unusual set of circumstances. Really for the last four or five years, frequency and severity have both been down. Nobody knows why. Maybe its because we have great business conditions and therefore there is no malingering. But if that turns which generally if you wait a little while things will change, if that turns and the pricing is at an unreasonably low level then things will start to change. Now, there is... I am sure someone is going to have a question about what do we think about contingent of profit-sharing commissions. Obviously, we dont really know. Take the truth. But when the companies are making a lot of money, every year that occurs, we seem to do pretty well in the contingent area. So, we would expect to do pretty well this year. Jim commented about our employee benefits. We had a large focus on that at our October Leadership Conference, as a matter of fact, the better part of a day. And we feel that setting was 25% goal employee benefits revenues as a percent of total revenues is a very accomplishable. We have set no target date except we would like to get there as soon as possible. So, the other very positive it is true that the acquisition potential is little more robust than it has been in the last year or two. So, 08 is going to be fun. So, Katie, you want to open up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will go to Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Hey, good morning everybody.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: First, I guess, I was just pretty surprised about the level margin deterioration you guys experienced. I know, Corey, you mentioned M&A is one of the reasons why. You guys have had M&A in past. Just want to know or reconcile why this is so much more of an issue this time around? And then also if you could maybe touch on employee comp cost, fixed versus variable component there. And then I have got a follow-up for Hyatt. Are you guys seeing higher levels of competition from maybe a larger brokers searching for growth domestically? Thank you.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Keith, let me start out by saying that we have always had acquisitions. And they have always traditionally had a phase and period where they gradually become as efficient as our normal offices. The main difference here I think is the fact that the internal growth and the elimination of $16.1 million in one quarter. If you look at our quarterly total revenues for $217 million of just standalone offices. They accounted for about $16.996 million. So, right $17 million. The compensation percentage the compensation of that $17 million was roughly $9.670 million. And thats a percentage of a 56.9 versus our Companywide average of 50.7. And so that knocks it down to 50.2. Now, kind of trying to understand where that differential we have, is kind of what I was trying to allude to is that producer compensation who are on full commission, those compensation in profits center bonuses, those are much more variable costs. In fact, for the whole year, with our revenues down, producer compensation drop by over $4 million which would be expected because its tied in more directly. But if you look at the major salaries of non-producers, which would be management, profit center leaders, administrative staff, the professional staff, and CSR's, we accounted for basically this year there was roughly $228 million of that versus $205 million last year. So, there was a net increase in that side of it, of that $22 million. If you take out just the cost of all the acquisitions for the year that are standalone, they account for $19 million of that $22 million. So, there is on net same-store sales, it does have a little bit a fold-in included in that amounts to about $3.2 million of additional cost. And thats what I was referring to the fact that we just take that $200 million of base line cost outside the acquisition. That would account to almost $7 million of salary increases of 3.5%. And so, thats why I say that the majority of that increase is related to just the normal labor cost increases. Now the percentage, through, it does go up when all of sudden you just drop that revenue. So, again, that stuff doesn't change over time I mean overnight, but it does work itself out. When you have got decentralized system like ours, each of those profits centers leaders are managing that on a daily basis, and over time they get that more inline. But we have had the kind of revenue drop that we had in one quarter. So, thats why I was trying to layout explain that margin, because I know it's easy just to look at percentage and automatically assume that every cost in organization is variable. And so, for every dollar you drop you don't drop the other, but thats not really the case. If we are having the same conversation in four or five quarters, and the revenue drop isnt a substantial, there is a concern, but I think right now, its almost purely a mathematical percentage when you look at just the margin number.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: I think also Cory of the 51,00 people we have, about 5,500 are commission producers. Keith, also to answer your question about is there more competition from national brokers? No. The competition, you must understand that our average commission, this is the annualized commission on the lines of new accounts as theyre bound. The average for the whole Company is between $12,000 and $12,500 in commissions thats not premium. So, the premiums would roughly be about a 10% commission, so $120,000 premium. The national brokers because of their cost structure really cant get down below another $40,000 or $50,000 or $75000 in commissions although they may try to set up divisions that have a different cost structure, but our competition, truthfully is in that huge group of middle market insurance agents and brokers who are spread across the United states and dont forget many of our offices are not located in Chicago and New York city and Los Angeles, most of our offices are located in middle and smaller towns and so the being part of the fabric of the community is part of the way that we get our business. So, we just arent seeing any particular competition from national brokers at this time in that area.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Hey Keith, this is Cory again. Let me finish just a couple of numbers so I can just get all the numbers out probably on that, those standalone acquisitions that I mentioned, that $17 million or their compensation was that $9.670 million number which was $56.9 million. The other operating expenses relating to that revenue was $3.398 million or 20% total cost versus the 16.1% total. Let me give you the year-to-date numbers. Now these are again just the standalone acquisitions, any of fold in or kind of just lumped in with our normal same store numbers but for the year, acquisitions on the stand alone were $62.183 million in terms of total revenues. Their compensation point benefit was $33.491 million which is a 53.9% factor and the other operating expenses were $11.092 million which was 17.8% factor and then of course they did have their proper proportionate share of amortization, depreciation, interest calculation, but those arent much of a concern, so just the I want you to have those numbers work them into your model, too if you choose to.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will go next to Dan Johnson with Citadel Investments.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great. Thank you. Cory, just a follow-up on what you just said there for a moment. You said the fold ins are inorganic?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: No. If you look at the if you look at the revenue numbers that I just gave you?
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Yes.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Those are simply the standalone acquisitions. If you look at our internal gross schedule. That will take all acquisitions including fold-ins and so you can really mathematically just deduct those two and figure out how much revenues all the fold-ins represent
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Got it. I was just making--?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Im just not breaking out the expenses on the fold-ins because it does you a little bit. You have to make a lot more assumptions. But I just like to pull out the raw numbers.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Okay. Great. I was just making sure that fold-ins werent in the organic growth number.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: No. theyre not.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, and one thing that I might just comment on that is that we dont know but we understand at least from certain quarters, that in some of the people who are competitors larger and smaller. Theyre going out and hiring producers away from other offices and violating non-compete and non-piracy's and counting that revenue as internal growth. And the reason they do count that is because it is not being paid for except through legal expenses and they have to make settlements and all that sort of stuff. We dont have to do that.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Understood. Okay. My real question then was around on the comp line. I would have thought possibly with the challenges of the fourth quarter we would have seen some sort of incentive comp accrual reversal. That would have helped the fourth quarter numbers. We've seen at other times folks have tough fourth quarters. Was there any such comp reversal in the fourth quarter?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Well on an aggregate basis there was roughly $600,000 of bonuses that went away and part of there is a normal process at the end of the year that we have certain formulas driven if they typically get 8% of the operating profit and then there are certain bonus penalties that are evoked. That if they dont grow a certain percentage and during the year you do have certain changes for particular profit centers and so what happens is that we accrue for those during the year and then also in the fourth quarter where we might have had a change in the leadership at one office. They kind of come back to where you I went from a profitable office to this office and I'm making the changes and these are all problems that may have occurred under another leadership. So, I think, you aught to give it some dispensation on these penalties or I've got to have the bonus. So the pure dollar amount down swoop is more of a variable by 8% operating profit. But at year-end we did have to come in and make some accommodations to certain offices and to give those bonuses because they are kind of under a new leadership and we dont want to negatively penalize them for something that wasnt under their control. So, that does happen. So, thats the reason why its not probably as great as you would have initially thought.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great. Understood then. Then I guess with the comments about really in the short-term employee counters isn't as variable as maybe we'd like which is good in the good times. The sort of margins that we saw in this quarter arent you dont heel that they were unrepresentative of what actually sort of happened. In the quarter and what could happen until we get some more list from revenue?
Jim Henderson - Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer: I think so. I'm not sure if I follow the whole thing.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Well I guess my point is, I just want to make sure there wasnt anything abnormal outside of some really modest items in the quarter.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: There really is not. I mean and just from a magnitude standpoint you look at maybe just help clarify our of the total comp that we in that total comp line, you have all salaries, you've got benefits included in that, you got training costs, you got a lot of things in there but as a general rule if you take basically all management and staff and professional fees, that amounted to that $200 million number that I was referring to earlier from a basically $228 million. If you look at just pure producer commissions on a same year we're basically $70 million. So, the $70 million is more variable. On top of that you do have, commit you have salary producers who havent hit the 40-20 and that amounted to about $33 million. Thats the one line item that actually did go up, because we continue to hire producers and we've always talked that we reserve 1% of our revenue base to hire people that we dont need primarily producers. And a corporate for the year we hired. We spent some $1.3 million in addition, additionally over last year for producers that we are bringing in, in training. So, that line item did go up. But hopefully between the $228 million and the $72 million and the $32 million, those Will give you some perception of the variable side of the compensation. Payroll costs.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Yep. Thats Great. Thanks very much for the additional help there.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Operator: And well go next to Dan Farrell with FPK.
Dan Farrell - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hi, good morning.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Dan.
Dan Farrell - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Could you just talk a little bit about organic growth again for next years expectations? You said that you thought the first three quarters of 08 would be challenging but you thought there might be some improvements we had in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about what maybe drives that improvement? Is it just the, the comparisons get easier in either wholesale or Florida retail or is it along those lines?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, you have to sort of look at it in pieces. The big down swoop in Florida started in July of this year and it occurred as a result of two things. Number one, in addition to the property prices going down, casualty, which had been kind of flat, it was edging down, all of a sudden it fell off the cliff and so generally speaking when you have that kind of change of pricing the underwriters who have authorized a 30% reduction or 35% reduction on a package or on a casualty line. When it comes up for renewal theyve got their files sitting in front of them and they are saying well it's been okay account but maybe well see if we can't do 5% less or 10% less and thats what I call meeting an equilibrium and so what I think what we hope and we've been surprised this year about the Florida marketplace where we're hoping is that well find that pricing equilibrium. Where prices won't be going down quite as much. Now the other piece is, if you look at the states in the United States that have been most impacted by the home building change in Florida, Arizona, Nevada, California. And to a lesser extent some pieces of Texas. So, in addition to prices going down we are seeing exposure units trailing off and particularly in the home building area. But it's not just in the home building area, if you think about the 04 and 05 hurricane years it was really into the beginning of 07 before all the roofs and all the other repair jobs finally got completed. So, you put all that together and by the last quarter of this year, 08 we think theres going to be some modification. The growth in Florida has been sort of a little flattish I'm talking about the population growth, et cetera, but over a period of time we've always had these ups and downs. So, there is no comebacks, thats not any big deal. So, thats Florida. Now if you get into the P&C market outside of Florida then the national retail has been over a period of time kind of flat, down a little bit and maybe up a 0.01 of a point or what not and so if you look at National Retail for all of 07 it was a minus 0.04% thats the negative growth for National Retail. So, if you look at some of the areas in National Retail again they havent gone up as far, they havent gone down as far, so they seem to be a little more fullish. The area where we're going to still have a substantial amount of downdraft would be in the West, which is really Arizona. Nevada and California. We think thats also going to get better but at the moment apparently loss ratios there are doggone good and to think that the largest workers comp carrier in California would increase commissions by 2% when prices have been going down 30% and 40% for the last three of four years. Thats kind of far out. So, the rational pricing will creep back into this area. In the meantime if you look at some of the other special programs. Looking at, for instance the dental program and the lawyer's program, you'll notice from Powell's remarks where we have programs where the premium not the commission but the premium for each of our risks is small and the average premium now I think, is around, for a dentist package, is around $2,500 or $2,800. So, how many people are going to be going out after that, Not too doggone many. Its just not economically feasible. So, across the board we have a lot of other little niches that are not as adversely affected as some of these down swoops that you're hearing about. Having said all that this is a time. Now I've only been in the insurance business for 48 years. Ive never seen it like this before and if you think about the combination of having the most profitable years in the history of the property and casualty business and then having offshore competition that is coming onshore with lots of new capital. It's a good time for consumers.
Dan Farrell - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Thats a very helpful detail. Thank you. Just one follow-up on sort of margins and expenses. Can you talk a little bit about how long it might take you to sort of adjust that variable expense side. Is it one, two quarters and then also can you just talk about your willingness. How much youd be willing to adjust because theres obviously a trade off and in cutting your expense versus investing in your business. Is there a lower level of margin that you're willing to tolerate not necessarily like but tolerate in a softer environment to sort of keep the franchise strong?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if you look the last time we had a real down swoop and in the topline we actually grew about 1.2% organically back in 1998 and 1989 in that we were 1.2 to 1.7. And margins came along pretty well at that time, there was some flattening, but we're still going along. But again what we have in this case is pretty virulent change in a state where we have about a third of our business. Thats a bit unusual, Florida is a great place to be in business and the 18.5 million people we have today according to all the gurus who know, say that by 2020, thats going to be about 25 million. So, growth can overcome a lot of other potential problems. So, if you start looking at all of the variable factors the we are not going to cut core cost of the people if they are producing and we have been pretty darn effective and efficient over a period of time by weighing and measuring people. One of the things that we have spent more money on this year meaning 07 than in the past is on bringing on new Cory mentions producers. But we have also brought on we've increased our staff of internal auditors from 19 to 28 and why is the reason for that? Well, two reasons. That's a spawning ground, thats a recruiting ground and those people move from that area into a training area for producer or they've moved into another area that might have nothing to do with accounting or it might have something to do with the program. At the same time we have recruited more people out of college and that lead-time is longer. But as we're finding these people with the right kind of training and particularly with Brown & Brown University, they are doing exceptionally well. So, we're not I know that you are very concerned about the margins and no one is more margin centric than as yours truly and our margins over the next period of time will continue to be very, very high. Now will there be a dip or two? Yes. Maybe so. But our model absolutely works. Now when if you take any business that has a substantial reduction in the topline and very intense competitive conditions. There are going to be pressures on the margins and so if you look at our margins versus everybody else, I think youll find. We arent doing too damn bad.
Dan Farrell - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we will have our next question from Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning everyone.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Excuse me. I didnt get your name please.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Its Matt Heimermann with JP Morgan.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt. How are you?
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: I am doing well. Good morning. I had a just a quick question. In the past you havent had a formal M&A group. Most of the M&As been sourced and accomplished by a lot of the regional folks. Can you just talk how Jims group is going to interact with some of these folks?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I can and its really a evolution. We still have all of our regionals and our profit center leaders who are constantly talking to people about the potential for M&A, but what is happening is we are finding more interest and part of the interest that has always been around has been interest that comes about as a result of consultants. And, so they send us information and they have already got a client, so on and so forth. A lot of what we are seeing now is not through consultants. These are people who are part of the fabric of the community of town A or city B and they dont let anybody know they are interested in maybe and merging with anybody. And so those kind of M&A activities take a lot more personal kinds of touching and understanding and making sure that we understand them and they understand us and that they want to go forward and grow. So, in order to do this and because there are more and more opportunities Jim has been exceptionally good in the past at handling some of those kinds of negotiations. An example of that would be the situation with the Hull acquisition and another had to do with the CalSurance acquisition, this is a matter of four years ago. So, the idea is that what I am doing is I obviously am always involved in M&A and we do bring people to Daytona beach and we do bring them to our home have dinner and have a drink or two and see how the chemistry is. We are going to continue to do that and as I continue to morph over into being a Chairman, but not on the payroll, what my intent is assuming the board will approve that which they indicated they want me to do is Ill be also involved, Ill continue to be involved in M&A and also in recruitment of people thats something I have always done and liked. But back to the M&A specifically, we have over the years developed a matrix of characteristics that is starting to be very telling and so what we are doing today, not only is an expansion of the down and personal sort of thing, but it also is a methodology which we have not been using in the past until recently of taking the characteristics of each acquisition and putting them into a matrix of all of the other acquisitions that has similar characteristics and there is some things there is some green flags and there are some red flags and there are some yellow flags and we list those and that has something to do with our decision making. It may also have something to do pricing and so the idea is on the one hand we do not want to become big company oriented where you have a team and the team is cool and suave and smart and they go out and make a deal and turn it over to someone else who wasnt involved and that they are responsible, someone else was responsible for making it happen, we are not doing that. In the case of where Jim or I or others are involved the person that also is involved in each and every other step of the way its the person to whom that M&A candidate would report to and that is generally regional. So, it is a situation where as relationships are expanded with people who really arent in the marketplace then we are always bringing in a regional who is going to be responsible for the P&L and the success of that office afterwards, thats a longwinded to tell you what we have been Matt through for the last year to develop a process that we feel is very objective and is measurable based on our past successes or in some cases not so successful on our M&A candidates.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: No. Thats very helpful. Thank you for that perspective. I guess the one follow up I have is with respect to some these given the examples you gave with Hull and CalSurance, I mean, is a lot of this I guess what I am asking is does this mean that perhaps when you are talking about these people who dont want it out in the open out there, they are perhaps looking at doing something. Do they tend to be larger agencies or brokerages?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. But they tend to be all sizes but they tend to be more profitable.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And you see what when someone comes to you and says we want to talk then the first question is why. And there is a lot of different reasons and thats where the matrix comes in along with not just the reasons but the internal structure of this organization, and whos in there and are they related and have they been with the agency and they left the agency and they came back to the agency. Do they have certain slices of business that we find are less profitable, on and on and on. Its a fairly complex process.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Thats helpful. Thank you very much
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we will go next to Nik Fisken with Stephens.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: How are you buddy?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Nik. How are you?
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Doing great.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: So, as I calculated if I take out some one timer stuff, EBITDA margins fell from 40 to 39, 06 to 07 in the fourth quarter following 600 basis points and I guess where I am headed with this, if I listen to the call, theres really no reason to believe 08 wont fall by that same magnitude, so call it 500 bits if you take out what happened in the fourth quarter.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Is that a question or is that an answer?
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: You think it is going to fall by 500 basis points?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well you never know its possible but we dont think so.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: But if you assume the same level negative internal growth that would be a possibility, but I think each one of our profit centers as they manage their individual offices they will continue to be tying down their expenses and maybe they are going to hire another person, maybe they get delayed. We have a great faith in our process and our leader and thats what makes our Company so good, its our decentralized approach, but there wont be any wholesale changes in our methodology and we just dont believe we are going to have to cut people. So, again, you cant lose $16.1 million basically in one quarter due to rate and not have the margin impacted.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: And how much of contingents that are typically paid this year have got booked in the form of overrides in 07?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: About $6.5 million, thats the guaranteed supplemental commissions, $6.5 million. One thing is a positive thing, does not have any good margins, particularly, as you know, we have a long-term incentive plan called the performance stock which is the 15 year deal. It is a grant of stock and every time the stock goes up 20% then one-fifth of the number of shares that have been granted move into an award category and then theres five years for the grant to get totally awarded. The last large group of grants was done in January of 03 and so four fifths of those grants have tranched and or are awarded. Those particular people and theres I dont know maybe 300 or 400, I am not sure exactly the number know that we are in the process now of weighing and measuring the results of the last five years because we are getting ready to reload people based on the future. In other words what you do for us in the last five years and then thats the base on which the grant would be done this year, could be more, could be less or could be the same, so that will occur sometime in the next 30, 60 days and we have been talking to the board about it and what we are trying to do is make doggone sure that the people who are really making the boat move will be given substantial consideration for the new performance stock grant. So, thats a positive and our people view it as a positive also.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: And Cory was the $1.1 million IRS settlement paid in 4Q?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: It was paid in 4Q and it is embedded in the tax in the income tax line item.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: And are we seeing what kind of new data points are we seeing in terms of further government intervention out of Florida?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, good question Nik. At the moment we dont see any kind other than the situation where and Powell mentioned this on his response. They have been talking about having a $2.5 million layer front layer for small businesses. This is property and that was supposed to come out in December, January and it hasnt come out yet and to the extent that that might some impact, I just dont know because I dont know what the rates are that they are looking at. The rates that they were looking at least initially were as most residual markets should be we are not highly competitive rate. So, we so at the moment we dont know of anything that is going to be a negative.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: It sounds like you are in a strong M&A pipeline that there is no change to your repurchase philosophy stuck in $19?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good question. As long as we have opportunity to buy agencies where we can get the return we can get, its pretty hard to take and use money to buy stock back. And one of the things that you got to recognize is even though we do produce a lot of free cash, we also have to put a lot of that free cash out, all of it plus some to make sure we are able to get the M&A people in that we really want, so I wouldnt expect any change in that.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And with the next question Kenneth Billingsley with Signal Hill.
Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group: Good morning. One of the questions I want to ask is on just general pricing trends. I listened obviously to the comments about rather 15% to 20% down on particular lines and I believe the press release was saying 15% to 30% in general on a generic basis. The CIAB data that had come out, I am sure that large account business was down on average 12%, small accounts down about 8% and then on the individual lines nothing seemed to be down more than 12%. Can you talk about the whats some of the differences you are seeing versus, what in general CIAB was reporting?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well it is very difficult to make a comparison. In the case of CIAB excuse me what you have there is a culmination of large and small brokers. I dont know what piece of that has to do with the largest brokerage or what piece of that has to do with accounts that are less than $50,000 in premium, but I can only tell you what we are seeing and so, what happens is this is that it is a little bit like if you look at the entrenched carriers and their next reports and I am sure starting to report now, they are talking about their rates being down by 7% or 8% or 10%, but what they are not telling you is that had they not lost accounts and they had gone down to the level that they had to stay to get the keepers accounts that would be a different percentage, and it is going to be interesting if that particular national company that I mentioned that said as of January 1 had no loss accounts and no new accounts, that means they follow down all of them, so what we are saying is if we are going to go out and get a new account away from somebody else we are going to have to be 20% to 30% to 40% below their expiring. Now in the case of our renewals every renewal is not down that much, because number one some of them have losses, some of them are changing the way they do business et cetera. So, the renewals are not quite as competitively priced as the brand new accounts, so thats the only thing that I can offer in terms of I just came back from a meeting of about I guess 40 members of the council insurance agents and brokers and this is the board of directors and some other people and the numbers that I just heard from them in just casual conversation were the same as ours or even some cases more downslide, so I think it just depends on who you are talking to.
Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group: Okay. And this other question is Kenneth has been asked a few different times, I would like to ask you from a different direction and it is regarding the expenses in the quarter and essentially if we subtract the acquisition cost that came through in the increase in the less profitable margins from the new hires currently. The margin still has been falling and at their lowest levels since they have been since 2001. So, excluding the M&A business are you guys losing accounts in general and the reason I asked that is if the revenue is declining $16 million, quarter-over-quarter, looking forward into 08 and 09 does the headcount need to be the same or are you writing the same amount of accounts just at such lower prices that you still are going to need the bodies to ride that business and that means we are going to perpetually have lower margins, maybe for longer periods than just three quarters?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, number one the bottom line is that we do not believe that there is organically anything wrong with the model. Now, when you have been to answer the first question where you asked about our losing more business, no. We are losing about the same, this is retail now. We are losing about the same amount of business in retail in terms of dollars as a percent of our revenue that we had in the past. There has not been much change there. Now if you look at some of our brokerage operations and I am talking about now binding authority and transactional, we probably lost a little more there for the simple reason that business is moving from non-admitted to admitted paper and thats always been that way up and down. So, in the case of the brokerage area and other areas that are like that, yes we are looking at whatever needs to be done to maintain the margins that are acceptable to us, so over a period of time one of the things that becomes apparent is that some offices are more profitable than others and generally speaking has to do with two things. Number one, leader and number two its which is also the leader is the right leaders have the tendency to attract people who are more efficient, and we do have ways of measuring CSRs across our which is a very important part of our machine, customer service representatives. These are the people that are inside the offices handle the details and in many cases handle most of the accounts. The same thing is with brokers and underwriters in our brokerage area and binding authority area. So, there is some change and there has always been change going on because we are always trying to get people to be more productive and to recognize that there are certain slices of business that simply are not going to be marginally as profitable as we need to have and one of the things that you will find here is we had in our numbers this year about $13 million of sales of lots of businesses. A pretty good chunk of those came about because those were slices of business that we didnt feel like we could get our margins. And so, therefore we sold those books to the people and the people left and went to another agent or broker and so you would say whats an example of that well one example is trucking business. Trucking business is there are big, big premiums and one of the things that happens to trucking is that you just can't get more than a 20% or 25% margin. Now thats not true on some of the wholesale trucking but it is true on the retail trucking. So, where we can't get our margins on any slice of business we are not going to continue to be in that kind of business and all of our mergers and acquisitions in every case theres always a way that they can get better and thats one of the reasons that they are coming to us and the first quarter and generally the second quarter of any new M&A there are some expenses that clearly are anticipated but they are one time expenses. Now that might have to do with true up of some sort of a compensation program or it might have something to do with the fact that after 30 and 60 days after the acquisition have occurred the people that are not strictly happy and so therefore theres some severance pay, that sort of thing. So, thats just the way life goes on and in terms of this discussion on margins. We recognize more than any body else how important that is and the fact that weve had our first quarter in the history of our firm where, now since this is where we've been public because we didnt keep quarterly data as carefully before that. The first quarter we ever had a quarter where we made less money in the previous quarter same quarter last year thats pretty surprising to us. It was in fact there was a lot of yanking and jerking and anxiety and so we've been looking at all of the factors that might influence the future and we found out that the models is the model and the model works and we just keep working it an the key is to get more good people.
Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group: And just following up on that, I mean you still have one of the best margins in the industry, especially the publicly traded guys. Well, is it just going to take a little bit longer to get to that B-40 now, that you'll get to the B before you get to the 40?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well actually if you take out its a good question. If you take out the ken, if you take out the non-cash stock calls and you leave in the Rock-Tenn and stuff, actually our margin was 40.33%. so, we know that there is stuff in there that is not recurring.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasure: Thats 40.03%.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 40.03 %. So, the bottom line is that some time this year we will cross the B and not exactly sure when that will be on a rolling 12 and the 40 is going to take a little more time to get there. But well get there.
Kenneth Billingsley - Signal Hill Group: Okay. thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Eli Fleminger with Stifel Nicolaus.
Eli Fleminger - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Hi. My question has been answered. Thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Doug Mewhirter with Ferris, Baker, Watts.
Douglas Mewhirter - Ferris, Baker Watts: Hi there is a question for you there Hyatt or Jim or both. Generally have you kept the terms of your acquisitions the same in terms of the balance of stock in cash or is it fairly random as to when how much cash or stock to offer in a given acquisition?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Doug. I cannot say. Im not sure. Jim had another Jim are you there? No, I think he had another meeting that was he had to leave to go to. First of all we dont use stock we basically quit using stock back in 2001. So, it's all cash.
Douglas Mewhirter - Ferris, Baker Watts: That answers my question. Thanks.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And well go next to Michael Grasher with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Mike.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Hi. Just a follow-up with regard to some comments you were making earlier. Certainly the market is soft, a lot of capital out there chasing risk as you touched on but how much does the overall macro environment weigh on your business and I understand your business is small account driven but if you look back historically. How would you weigh the impact of any economic slowdown?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it won't have an impact on us. Talking about a recession?
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Sure.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It will have an impact on us. Generally speaking Florida has been kind of recession proof and the reason is that we have a lot of retired people and more and more retired people and there incomes are fixed and substantial. So they spend and we're insure restaurants and we insure hotels and motels and we insure bus companies and we insure all kinds of entertainment facilities. So, that area has not been, the down swing hasn't had a lot to do with whats happening in Florida. There has been though in Florida Arizona, Nevada and California. There has been more home building in the last three or four years. And I think that we're ever had in the past, so there's a little downslip there. Looking around the rest of the United States, I dont find upstate New York will be a place where yes we're having a recession, youd think there would be a lot of negativism and theres really not in upstate New York what they really saying is, we never had the big upswing and we dont have a big downswing. But having said that, a recession which I'm not sure we're going to have one. But if we had one. Itll have some impact on us.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. and does that change your approach to M&A activity in terms of the terms and conditions?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously, what we're always looking for is that the earn out must go two to three years and in certain cases people do not want that meaning that they want to have cash up front because they want to go to the farm. And if that's true and we do have that. If that's true then its less, the cash upfront will be less, but the other thing is we've got to have a game plan that we know that we can get that margin and that profitability and in some cases in the last two or three years we found that, this is kind of interesting, people and this would be, people basically kind of East of the Mississippi, the owner or the agency has been working  has been living in Florida half time and working a quarter of the time and therefore the agency has been doing the numbers it has been doing because the people that are there and so when the owner sells then the impact is really not there is not much impact, because he or she hasn't been involved particularly aggressively for several years. So but if it's a situation where someone wants cash and they want to leave and there's not anybody and there is question about sustainability, then we just kind of walk away.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Well, thank you and best of luck in 08.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And there was no additional questions in the queue. I would like to turn the conference back over to Hyatt Brown.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And thank you Katie and thank you all. And we will look to talk to you my guess, in April. Okay. This is all. Goodbye. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference call today. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and CEO Cory T. Walker - Sr. VP, Treasurer and CFO J. Powell Brown - President Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Douglas Mewhirter - Ferris, Baker Watts Keith Alexander - JP Morgan Unidentified Analyst Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Brown & Brown Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. Please note that certain information discussed during this call, including answers given in response to your questions, may relate to future results and events or otherwise be forward-looking in nature and reflect our current views with respect to future events, including financial performance and that such payments are intended to fall within the Safe Harbor provisions of Security Laws. Actual results or events in the future are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may differ materially from those currently anticipated or desired or referenced in any forward-looking statements made as a result of numbers or factors, including those of risks and uncertainties that have been or will identify from time-to-time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional discussions of these and other factors affecting the Company's business and prospects are contained in the Companys fillings with the Securities and Exchange Commissions. Listeners are caution to have such forward-looking statements are not guarantees our future performance and those actual results and events may differ from those indicated in this call, such differences maybe material. With that said, Mr. Brown, I will now turn the call over to you.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Chris and good morning everyone. We have Cory and Jim and Powell, and actually one of the things we are going to add to this call this morning is that Jim is going to talk a little bit after acquisitions about Citizens and the Florida CAT Fund. Jim is the current Vice Chairman of Florida CAT Fund. So, I think you will find that information interesting. So, without further a due, Cory will joint to talk about financials.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Hyatt. Our third quarter financial results reflect the continuation of one of the most difficult insurance market environment for insurance agents that we have seen in the last 15 years. Our net income for the third quarter of 2007 was $46.2 million was up 14.8% over the last year number. Correspondingly, our net income per share for the quarter was $0.33, and thats up 13.8% from the $0.29 we earned in the third quarter of 2006. From the revenue standpoint, commissions and fees for the quarter increased 8.1% to $225.4 million, thats up from 2 point to $208.6 million earned in last years third quarter. Included in our press release is the table that summarizes our total growth rate and the internal growth rates from our core commissions and fees. In the third quarter, outside the core commissions and fees, we received $8.9 million of profit sharing contingent commission compared to $2.1 million we received in the third quarter of last year. Now most of this increase in profit sharing contingent commissions came from our brokerage division and specifically Hull & Company subsidiary. Now looking at the internal growth schedule, for the third quarter, we had a negative internal growth rate up 3% and that was mainly due to the significant insurance rate declines in state of Florida. Our total core commissions and fees for the quarter increased 5.6% or $12 million of total new commissions and fees. However, within that net number was $18.1 million of acquired revenues and that means we had $6.1 million less commissions and fees on the same-store sales basis. Hyatt, Jim, and Powell will going to talk about the activities in each of these business segments in a minute. But moving on to the other revenue line items, our investment income was just slightly higher than prior year, so no real change there. Our other income was $8.6 million this year... or this quarter. And inside of that number, we had $7.2 million of gains from the sales of various books of business around the country. As we relate to our expenses in our pretax margins, our pretax margins for the third quarter 2007 was 31.8%. However, if you exclude the gains on sale the books of businesses, our pretax margin was approximately 29.6%, thats a 120 basis point reduction over the prior year pretax margin of 30.9%. Excluding these gains, employee compensation benefits increased 40 basis points to 48% of total revenues. That 40 basis points represents approximately $1 million of net additional cost, which was principally due to just various miscellaneous expenses, ranging from group held insurance to employee education and just miscellaneous expense account. Our non-cash stock-based compensation cost increased $700,000 in the third quarter, and thats primarily due to the increased number of employees participating in our employee stock purchase plan that has a new annual plan year that starts each August. Other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenue, again, excluding the gains on the sales of the books of business was 14.3% of total revenue compared to 13.9% in the third quarter of 06. That is also a 40 basis points change, and it equates to approximately $1 million of actual net average cost. And that was, again, no specific line item, it makes up the majority it was just various expense accounts like T&E, legal, and insurance cost, but it probably had much more to do with the fact that in the quarter we had lower revenue growth and the general expenses just tweaked up a little bit. Amortization and deprecation expense on the combined basis is consistent with last years third quarter when considering the acquisitions that we have done over the last 12 months. Our interest expense is consistent with the expected quarterly expenses of around $3.4 million. Our effective tax rate for 2007 is currently expected to run in the 38.8% range, and so, the quarter was consistent with that. And then, really if you look at the year-to-date basis, the trend that we talked about in the third quarter really are consistent with what happened year-to-date, and so, I will bypass just as line by line discussion and just say that look at the year-to-date earnings per share for 2007, excluding the gains that we have on the books of business sales and the gains that we had in the first two quarters on the Rock-Tenn, the year-to-date earnings per share was approximately $0.99 and thats about a 4.2% increase over the $0.95 that we earned for the first nine months of September 30th of 06. So, with that, I will turn turn back over to Hyatt.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Cory. First of all, the Florida retail, which is the biggest surprise that we have had in a long time. As matte fact, I dont think I know that I dont remember any quarter where we have had a negative growth rate in Florida. Last quarter, we were a positive 7.1 and this is the negative 12.3, and there were a number of reasons and some of which we were somewhere aware, but we are not we do not expect them to be quite as voracious in terms of eating up topline. First of all, in 06, Q2 and Q3 were pricing peaks. There was a tremendous amount of anxiety among all the risk barriers in anticipation of the hurricane season. Now, the hurricane season is really July 1 through I think the end of October, but it is really July through 1st of October. So, last year, the highest prices for property insurance in the history of the world in Florida were written, and that was during the hurricane season. In Q3 of this year, starting in June and it really cascaded in July, August, and September, the carriers all put the paddles of metal and pricing of property is down 25 to 40 on every account and a substantial more even higher than that, and a lot of that did not admitted pricing or reduction. The largest single example that I know of personally was a premium that was in the third quarter of last year. The premium was $3.562 million and the renewal price was $1.560 million was down 56%. There are a number of other examples that that are in that neighborhood, and they are all the larger account, of course. Now, the second thing, which is a little more difficult to think through, but its pretty simple let me think it about it for a while. In the quarter 1 and quarter 2 of this year, we did have a number of cancellations and rewrite, because of the dropping the prices dropping so rapidly with citizens and so something that would be in Q3 and sometimes in Q4, we were canceling and rewriting in Q1 and Q2, and of course, that revenues was absent from this quarter. Exactly how much that is, we dont know, although, we have a number of examples. The third thing is, is that casualty all of a sudden started down as pressures by all the companies to increase their topline in terms of writings. The casualties revenues and the casualties pricing was which has been kind of flattish within a 10% to 20% and a new account, if you're going to write a new one you have to be at least 30% below expiring to get into the ball game. Last and also not least is payroll and the housing related businesses are down 5% to 30% around the system where we do have a lot of home building kinds of exposure. And this would include artisans and etc. So not only do the payrolls go down but also the estimates for revenue. So, the coverages that are based on revenues are also down similarly for homebuilders and those people that surround homebuilding. Addition, and of course this is Florida, I mean this has happened before, not possibly not quite as severely as it is this time. Additionally, non-admitted markets are continuing to reduce their prices and give better terms and conditions and of course, I think. Powell is going to talk a little bit about that in a moment. One. A national admitted carrier is now writing property on a limited basis but not on the standard property form. Its on an inland marine form. So theyve got a certain amount of ability to move pricing around based on what they want to do. Umbrellas on a vanilla basis are down 20% to 30% and citizens now have 3.5 billion in premiums. I think thats about 30% or maybe 35% of market, Jims going to talk about that and we're due for another workers comp rate decrease in January of, I think its 14% or 15%. A general statement about employee benefits. If you go all around the country employee benefits is up 7% to 10%. Looking at national retail last quarter it was a positive 2-7, its now a negative 0.08% and all areas in national retail experienced continued downward rate pressures. Looking at Georgia and South Carolina, property casualty is minus 10% to 20%. Non-admitted is sometimes is as much off as 40% to 45%. Mid-market and workers comp in Georgia is not quite as competitive as South Carolina, which is very competitive. Costal Virginia is down 10% to 20%. Casualty only accounts can really be crazy 30% or more. This is for renewals and new business, both. Marine is going south fast when the two titans go after the same account. And the two titans are two risk barriers who have a thing for each other and when they get after an account and each knows the other is competition then you can throw the prices out the window. Regionals are most aggressive and when you get away from Costal Virginia. New Jersey and New York City area casualty and property is very competitive. Its one of those things that 10% to 30% pending upon the kind of account. However one difference, if you look at Manhattan contractors and we've talked about that in the last two quarters, They had Manhattan contractors have been flat and now the good ones are down 10% maybe 12% thats different from Q2 there but if you are a Manhattan contractor and you have a bad loss ratio, you're going to pay the price. Some company's are limiting their costal exposure on Long Island and New Jersey. A product is flat unless its light exposure. Some umbrellas down 20% to 40% non-admitted is very competitive more than Q2. Condos and co-ops are resting around $0.09, which is, I think about as low as they can go. But, who knows? Not much more to go. Work comp rates, maybe down a little bit but not that much. Upstate New York, renewal pricing is more competitive than three to six months ago. Account and Id bear in mind, upstate New York has been a haven for profitability for P&C Companys since the beginning of time. Accounts, however, with losses, the companies are doing some underwriting. Accounts with losses are going to pay up. The state fund is aggressive in workers comp and there with the elimination of the second entry fund being pretty much abolished, that has an impact on pricing. In Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin these areas excluding Chicago metro, those areas had the lowest rate to start with and so they are down by percentages but the, but again its pretty brutal. The terms, if you compare prices for accounts. Lets say in Ohio and Indiana and Illinois rural areas and you compare them with some of the more metropolitan states there the price is the base prices are much lower. Again new business, to get a new account, got to be 30% lower. Occasionally there will be an account that will move based on terms and conditions. In the Golf Coast, the Louisiana, Texas and etc. The economy is very strong. Its oil related. Property non-admitted is going down 30% or more. Workers comp is very competitive particular in Texas. Texas is the oil business going on. The market in Huston and that area, other than costal is as competitive and possibly more competitive as it was in 1998, which was the depth of the previous market and one national company is in Texas buying business. Chicago metro, thats a little different ball game, I talked about Ohio Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin. Here in Chicago metro those contractors were flat and theyre down now 5% to 10%. Regional in the metro area are very competitive on contractors that are artesian and have moderate to low hazard on the heavier contractors as they not all play the game. In Western Retail there was a negative 4.1% its now negative 5.9%. More of the same except California work comp might be, starting to moderate and thats not shown up in the pricing yet. But theres all kinds of discussion about the rate theyre recommending a 4% to I think, 6% rate increase and the fact that loss costs are rising so maybe. In Arizona the state workers comp line is getting more aggressive and thats making it more difficult to write new workers comp accounts. Our renewals are down 10% to 15% not quite as bad as California. New, you got to be 25% to 30%. New Mexico and Colorado. Now heres something, talking to our officers price reductions may?. And Im not sure whether thats real or not. It might be just, I've got the business for this quarter. Construction is off 5% to 10%. If its nonresidential its minus these are pricing, pricing numbers minus 15% to 20% and the workers comp may be steadying a little bit in Colorado and a little softer workers comparable is a little softer in Mexico. If you get outside of, in California if you get outside of the Metro areas like Los Angeles and Santiago. Its a little different ball game. Renewals maybe down 5% to 10% in certain areas. Workers comp goes down 15% to 20% still helping a 1:1 change and umbrellas are down about 15%. There is a little now change in Quake, Quake has been now going up. Some renewals now are coming in 5% to 10% below expiring. In Washington we have sort of same as it was last quarter, 5% to 15% down on renewals. If the account is heavy in GL then the company's very aggressive in that area. Marine is flat to down 5% and our travel business all 5% to 10% on renewals. So. Powell would you like to talk about the other
J. Powell Brown - President: Thank you Hyatt. In special programs FIU. We would say more the same revenue Q3 in 07 over 06 is down about 50% as we anticipated. Citizens rates are about the same as they were around $0.50 but theyre erratic, on the interpretation of the rules. On a positive note we can now write Condotels, those are condos that have occupancy like a hotel where they have nightly rentals but have to be left in 50% of the time. The downdraft there this quarter was slightly off set by the performance of Proctor Financial which focuses on force placed property. And they have sold more new accounts and last year in Q3 we had lost an account. We got a new account back. Relative to brokerage in the property arena in costal areas rates are going down very substantially 20% to 50% Terms this is in Florida from Jacksonville rolling down through to the center part of the state are under a significant pressure with wind deductibles lowering to 2% and 3%, but they are typically holding at 5% wind in coastal areas, limits now are doubling even with the reduction of rate, so if you paid $100,000 last year for $5 million primary limit, you may pay $80,000 or $70,000 for a $10 million limit now in Q3. Significant number of mid term cancellations and rewrite. Property Inland is cheap, cheap, and getting cheaper. There is lots of standard market activity there. In terms of causality business in the East, Eastern United States and Midwest, big automobile and residential contractors are typically down up to 15%. Commercial contractors are down 25%, or more. Regional carriers are attacking the umbrella business around the country. In the West, residential contractors not only are the rates down significantly, but payrolls were down significantly. And as we talked about in Q2 that has significantly impacted the revenues of international E&S. Premiums though as a number premium under $100,000 in the West. Casualty are typically down 10% to 20%, premium over a $100,000 to $150,000 up or down 30% or more, the admitted market continues to be very, very active in the West. Professional liability brokerage is down 15% to 30% depending on the class of business. Winding authority in Florida, rates are down 20% to 30% were seen increased property capacity, which is afforded in those winding authorities. We are seeing more admitted markets there and citizens continues to impact the personal aligned segments of Hull as we talked about Q2. A one citizens note that we have referred to in the past is in June of this year, citizens rolled out a wind only product for $1 million coverage part of I think it $10 million of total insure value. On nine one of this year citizens was allegedly or supposed to rollout a $2.5 million all perils policy. That has not occurred yet. Apparently that will now happen 11 of 08, but we dont know anything about it. But we know that it did not occur on nine one and we had alluded to that in the past. Binding authority outside of Florida rates are typically down 15% to 20% and standard market continues to be active there as they are in Florida. Public entity business countrywide, depending on the watch ratio, typically rates are down 0% to 20%. In the services area, we are very continued to be very please with USIS and NuQuest. However, we would point out that we wanted the clients of United Self Insured Services has taken part of that business and how and the impact of is roughly a shortfall of about $400,000 of revenue a month in USIS. In the professional national program dental professional rate countrywide seem to be relatively flat, but the corresponding package typically down 0% to 10%. Lawyers, larger firms are down 20% to 30% and smaller firms are down typically 0% to 15%. CalSurance professional rates are down 10% to 20%. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim Henderson.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Powell and good morning. As reported in our earnings release, we are please to report the increase in acquisition activity in 2007. The run rate to acquisition is $81.8 million year-to-date. We believe that we based upon current activity that number could exceed the $100 million for the year. A greater significance is the quality of agencies and people that are joining Brown & Brown. 18 of the transactions announced, five were retail agency and two were wholesale brokerage. The total national deal flow activity for insurance agency and acquisitions are continues to increase for 2007 compared to previous two years. For 2005, there were 172 announced transactions, 184 for 2006, and the pace for 2007 could exceed 220. The increased activity has come primarily from the public brokers and from the three former public brokers now acquired by public entity or public equity capital. There is no significant change in activity for banks or for private agency deals. There is so many occasions in the agency acquisition market that to tie credit terms while restrict or having the impact to fund the growth, the acquisitions by the private equity firms. We are pleased that our cash flow and the access to credit will provide advantage to Brown & Brown for acquisitions. Agencies with revenues of less than $5 million comprise a significant share of intermediately market. This size agency continues to be a target rich environment for Brown & Brown. We have a long-term success story of acquiring and integrating the small and medium size agencies and will continue to focus on this group and larger agencies. To handle an increased number of transactions, we continue to expand our agency prospecting teams and transaction capabilities. Acquisitions [inaudible] part of our leaderships responsibilities. As Hyatt mentioned to you we wanted to give you an update on some of the activities of the Florida hurricane Cat fund and also citizens insurance company to give you another angle and view of the property pricing in the state of Florida. First, the hurricane cat fund. Necessity of the phenomenon of the 1994 legislature was an act in to provide lower cost reinsurance to the carriers for state of Florida. Over a period of time, the following chain years post 2000, 1994 to 2004, the cat fund accumulated approximately $7.5 billion in cash. The 04 and 05 seasons result in a pay out of claims Florida cat fund to various carriers in the state of Florida of approximately $10 billion, leaving a $2 billion shortfall, which has resulted in assessments now [inaudible] to policyholders throughout the state. In recent activity cat fund has borrowed approximate $5 billion in pre-event cash funding to assist for any hurricanes in 07 and 08. The legislature increased the pay out capacity of the cat fund to a new level of $27.5 billion with options below and above that amount. Those options have not been picked up by the carriers. The lower cost reinsurance has been a factor in reducing property pricing for carriers in Florida and principally for citizens. The largest reinsure reinsured by citizens are by cat fund is for the citizens insurance company. We will give you a few stats thats been released on citizens to share with you. The current policies in force for citizen is 1.38 million. The forecast for 2007 is to reach approximately 1.58 million and for 2008, the forecast may grow to 2 million policies. There has been a decrease in the rate of growth, although, citizens continues to grow at a fast cliff. The premiums in forced for citizens currently reported as $3.55 billion in annualized premium. The market share that announced for the property as of June 30 of 07, citizens now represents 30% of the property market for the state on the financial side for citizens the current surplus levels for citizens based upon their reserving program, represents $1.2 billion surplus within citizens. The amounts PML, the problem maximum loss for citizens, and this announcement was associated with 100 years forecast, not 250 for which most carriers are required to reserve. The PML amount was 24.5 billion. Citizens are retention before recovery from the flood cat fund, it amounts at 1.8 billion and their recovery from the cat fund is approximately $8 billion. Citizens rights remain frozen through 07 and 08 to be reviewed and adjusted to market conditions on January 1 of 09. The assessment accumulations in citizens under a 2004-2005 storm scenario, it could result in assessments to citizens policyholders representing anywhere from 80% to 90% of their current premium levels. The growing concern about the accumulation of values given the low market pricing conditions for citizens that concern has manifested in a growth of values of PML now that makes the assessment capability for citizens and for the cat fund. And this has been certainly talked about by CFO [inaudible] in terms of ways to restrict citizens growth and restrict the growth of Florida cat fund. So, thats kind of update of those two entities and its impact upon the Florida property market. This time, I turn it back over to Hyatt for closing comments and then open for questions.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks Jim good report. Relative to the forecast for the next quarter 0% to 5% growth, excluding Florida 0% to 5% growth, excluding Florida. So, now Chris will open up the phone for any questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Brown. [Operator Instructions]. Now, we go first to Keith Walsh with Citi
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Good morning everyone.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Hi, just a couple of questions. First and I appreciate the explanation about Florida I guess I was surprised like everyone else it deteriorated so quickly. Besides pricing where are the levers that you can pull to fix this and do we enter a period of easier growth comps as we get into 2008 and I have a follow up
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think your easier growth comps is probably correct. What we are going through I mails from this year that never occurred before in Florida and so we, to get into what I would call a steady state will probably going to be the second quarter of next year so from now through the end of the fourth quarter and end of the first quarter we are still going to be having a very difficult kind of market place now there are lots of opportunities to write new business dont ever realize that Florida isnt a growth state and Florida is a growth state and of course what happens is, is that we do have some great programs that are using to expand in Florida but the bottom line is that probably casualty is going to continue to go south in Florida cause it has not gone south as much as it has in other parts of the country and everyone is thinking well no hurricanes this year and so next year is 12 months off and dont worry about it till then. So, does that answer the question?
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Yes, thats helpful. And then I guess the second question I have, just looking at the $13.1 million year-to-date I guess $8.6 million in the quarter of books of business that you had sold I mean thats by far and away the largest number I have seen in my model here going back several years you know what exactly is driving that are these under performing blocks of business
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, what happens when you have a market that the pricing is declining where you have people who have sold books of business or agencies to us. Sometimes they get a little enamored with not having to work to hard, and therefore, things start to deteriorate a little bit and it becomes apparent they might be better for us to part. The other thing that we are always dealing is we are always looking for slices of business that are under performing. Now an example of that would be trucking business. Trucking business on the left is high hazard trucking for which we have none of at the movement. That is going to be max 15% to 20% margin and you know were not going to do 15% to 20% margin business so all of those kinds of things or conflicts going on within our organization so each of our profit centers because it is the income of the leader of that profit center depending on growing the profits and the margins of they are constantly looking for ways to A) write more business and B) make a higher margin on those lines that already riding and of course as we become more sophisticated across the company and countries about lines that are the most profitable we our people are responding and so in this kind of market its a good time to take a look at all of those areas and in a softer market if you have any kind of slice of business that has been kind of over looked because you say, well its not doing quite so well. That all of a sudden focus is upon those slices and were making those decisions as we go forward.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Yes thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Chuck Hamilton at FTN Midwest
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Chuck.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Good morning everyone. Two questions for you this morning. The first question I guess deals with supplemental commissions. I see that in second quarter 07 at the end of the quarter, a little bit more than 3.2 million in that quarter of the net commissions in this quarter, do you know how much was related to supplementals?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Chuck. It was $1.5 million.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: 1.5 and of course thats included then in your growth calculation for organic revenue.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: That is correct.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Okay and I know you folks dont look at this but maybe you got a sense of it is we take a look year over year to the quarter. Were showing a 12% increase in other operating expenses. Do you have a sense of what percentage of that is organic expense growth that is striping off the affected bringing in the acquisitions and also the sales of these, excuse me, sales of these books of businesses as well.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Talking on the first part there is mostly expenses are coming in from the acquisition. Most of them are not normally at our same margin, but theres no one particular line thats really out of whack and as I kind of described, if you take out the book of business sale its about $1 million worth of costs that are in there, but its really just all over the board. Various costs. Its really they went up a little bit, but its mainly the salt or revenue that kind of showed the margins up and Im not sure if I have understood the second part of your question.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Right. I guess its just adjusting the expense growth to also include the fact that youve taken out expenses with sale books of business, the producers expenses.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, but that doesnt show up quite as quickly. You know because youre only talking about one month of revenue expense so thatd be marginal.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Right. I guess the last part of that would be with the gain on books, excuse me, gain on the sale of books of business $8.6 million. Do you have a sense how much that translates into revenues that will not appear in future periods that will annualize revenues that have foregone with that sale?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, its about $4 million and $4.5 million worth of annualized revenues.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Okay.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: And the total gain of that was about $7.2 million.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Okay.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: A quarter. I think, Chuck, also to give you a little more light around the issue of acquisitions, and in many cases may be not most, but in many, we do have moving expenses. For instance, we acquired recently the JP Morgan personalized operation which is in a suburb of Wilmington, Delaware and in their I guess, data center, so we have to move immediately and move to a new location et cetera. That all, you know, is a move to the kind of expenses that are one time expenses, but we have to anyway. That happens in almost every some of those types of expenses happen almost every acquisition.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Okay. I was just trying to get to sense of it since were showing organic revenue growth wouldnt it be great if we could see organic expense growth so that we can then monitor the ongoing expenses compared to the ongoing revenue stream?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Chuck Hamilton - Ftn Midwest: Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Well go next to Michael Grasher of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Hi, I guess Cory in his initial remarks mentioned the 15 years toughest environment. As you look at todays marketplace, I mean this the most difficult environment that you can remember or do you see any difference in todays market compared to say 1998-1999 time period?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Well if you look at just the market we have the Florida situation.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Yes.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Then its about like 98-99 and weve also seen back in really 80 to 83 thats before most you all were born so we wont go into that, but yes weve seen this before. Now the Florida situation is really an outgrowth the fact in two years we had very abnormal hurricane activity which forced the prices up very substantially and then no hurricane activity one year and hopefully none and then this year and so all of a sudden you have a big up and a big down and the big down instead of being a more, sort of like a pyramid going down on the other side of the pyramid. A level sort of reduction. It was a 50% reduction or 60% reduction overnight. So that is an issue that we just never had faced before.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Understood, then in terms of the carriers themselves the underwriters, are they behaving any differently than across the country than what you would have expected?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: I think generally speaking, I think that underwriters are probably a little better positioned today than in 98 and 99 to make underwriting decisions on pricing and one of the reasons is that I think the systems are a little more effective and efficient. The other thing though that makes this a difficult call is if you look at the large group of the risk bearers as reported in business insurance you will see command loss sequence ratio of about 90% to 92%. That never happened before but its because of Sarbanes Oxley, and there arent redundant reserves even though some of those reserves are being released into the income stream now which creates this very, very good command loss expense ratio. However, at a recent meeting of the Greenbuyer, I was very surprised to hear a couple of companies that are well-known companies and well run companies and regional in nature indicating that they thought that this year they would have recently closed to 100% combined. I was very surprised at that. Now the risk bearers are saying that because of Sarbanes Oxley, the turn is going to be a lot faster then in the past and Im not convinced with that frankly.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Interesting and then if you look at government intervention. Obviously this applies to Florida a great deal but across the country with California and I think you mentioned Arizona, New York being involved in workers comp as well. Aside from workers comp, has there been so much government intervention historically?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, there is really not.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Relative to today?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the market is working quite well. Really what happened is, is there is really less government intervention. As an example, a monopolistic state with Nevada up until about four or five years ago, they then took the state fund and made it into a non-profit and now its a profit making organization I believe and they are writing workers comp like crazy, and of course, they are using agent. Another monopolistic state West Virginia that had been monopolistic forever was losing their ears and hat and teacup in the fund. And so, they rolled off the fund, created a new company, I think the name which is Brickyard and its now being is now not for profit. In West Virginia, an agents and brokers are accessing that market, and next year anybody can come in. So, there is a movement towards having a competitive marketplace. When you have a crisis situation and you get people in political positions where they think they have to respond, because of the screaming and yelling of the populace, like we have in Florida, then all of a sudden, you are going to have a short-term Neanderthal approach. Now, has this happened before? It did, in the 60s and 70s. The same thing happened on automobile liability insurance, and there was a huge pike over whether or not we had no fault liability and the what was then called the assigned risk plan for auto liability grew by leaps and bounds, and everybody was griping and complaining well. Over a period of time, the marketplace smoothed out and now the liability for private passenger is very, very competitive and has been for 10 years. So, you have these peaks and valleys, where you have a catastrophe exposure and the catastrophe exposure in the United States and as I see it is quake in California and its wind along of the coastal areas from Brownsville all the way to probably New York City, and of course, the most difficult and the scarcest catastrophe exposure is a cat for a level four hurricane coming into the bottom end of Manhattan. So, thats but thats part of why the insurance companies are in the risk bearing business. They are in business to transfer risks and to take risks.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Sure. And now, I wanted transfer over to Jim and just ask a question on the acquisitions. Given the market, has there been a surge in the pipeline due to the market, or has the pipeline remained stable in terms of opportunity? I mean it seems like this quarter and even you comments potentially reaching $100 million reflect do reflect an increase in opportunity, can you speak a little bit more about this?
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, there does seem to be an increase surge in the activity. And if you the product conversations with those who are selling, you can you got demographics involved, you got markets involved. Demographics, the baby boomers that are looking at what do I do now, the family doesnt want to take the business over the people inside really cant buy it. And so, this is one of those conditions that we feel like that is creating a lot more activity. So, we are pleased with the we always have a certain amount of flow. There seems to be more than last year. We also are, in fact, looking at the more of deals and building our infrastructure to go visit and talk with more people, because I think one of the safest place we have for our shareholders is to continue to look at the small deals, they are very accretive. They really fit well. They blend well with our culture. So, we will continue to focus on that, not exclusivity away from margins. So, I think we were encouraged by the activity flow. The history our turning to history is about one-third organic and two-thirds by acquisitions, and we don't really see that long-term changing. Near-terms when organic is certainly a challenge by the market and by government, we are, frankly, very pleased with that. We have another option to go create growth.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you. And then just a final question or follow-up on that. How much of the smaller activity or acquisition-wise is being driven by the potential for change in change in capital gains.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it definitely comes often in discussions with the sellers, when they are looking for 15% rate and allow the national press and Canada indicate that basically all that that rate is unfair. So, there is a its coming up in conversation and timing matters that is it a component by self? No, but it certainly the factor thats encouraging now versus later.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Thanks again.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank You.
Operator: We will go next to Meyer Shields from Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - -Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thanks. Good morning. If we look at recent acquisition by folks by hilb and by hub, there has been a fair number of banks that have been divesting their insurance operations. Is that a trend or those are just a number of one off issues?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, its a trend. Whats happening is banks are starting to vomit up their insurance agency operations. And there are a couple of banks who are doing a very good job. But for the most parts, there is a substantial difference in culture, and there is always the Board of Directors being concerned about the specter of tide house evil. And if a bank ever gets nailed on time, credit is selling insurance the clients action impact to that would be they will be saying more money than they make from insurance agency operation in a thousand years. So, all of that does have an impact, and of course, whats happening right now is there are number of banks who are divesting that are in the marketplace as we speak. And we have actually acquired the JP Morgan one as you know. We have acquired a small amount in Kentucky about a year ago or so. And we made an offer on another one in the Southeast and it was sold internally. And then, of course, HRH bought Bank of America, and then, there is a whole bunch of things going on. So, as time goes on, I think, we are going to continue to see more of that. I think, there is another situation thats occurring where a bank is just bought another bank in the Southeast and apparently there is some of divesture concern. So, those are opportunities for us and they are opportunities for other people too.
Meyer Shields - -Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thats very helpful. Switching gears a little bit. Have there been an issue with employee turnover? Is that getting worse over the past couple of years for you folks?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. The one thing about having a market like, this it does separate the good people sometimes from the people that are not quite as good because you have to be on your toes. Every account have to be very, very carefully handled. And so, thats not just at producer the level, it has to do with marking level, has to do with a customer service representative, is the whole team. And so, what we are constantly doing is one of the reason that we have the kind of margins we have is that we try to have a very best people and try to give them additional training. Now, we have something called Brown & Brown University, which has been going now for about three years four years. And it has been very beneficial and helping to upgrade our people and the retail P&C area and now we are ready to look to see how we ca do this in the brokerage or wholesaler area. As we go forward, the ability to run our model is very similar to the ability of a very well couched athletic team, take in look like a football team, where they have a fairly sophisticated game plan, offensive game plan, ours is really kind of like that and very good people can scroll up the touchdowns in their model, but they got to be willing to follow the model itself and to follow the leadership that has gone before them, that has shown the way. So, in the case of turnover, I dont think we have greater turnover today than we normally have.
Meyer Shields - -Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And I guess one last question. In terms of the office leadership, are you comfortable with the people you have in force now?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we always have turnover and leadership, and that has to do with several reasons. We have 163 or 164 offices, and so the 163, 164 how many people are considering retiring, lets say, in one or two years, or three years? Well, there are several. And so, we have to then go forward and find someone. They have to start bringing on someone who will take over their positions. And we have to help them grow that individual. And then, there are just people who all of a sudden one day, say, gosh, I am going to just going to walk out, go to the beach. So, we do have some turnover. But generally speaking, our people our leadership capital, its the strongest today than its ever been.
Meyer Shields - -Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Well go next to Doug Mewhirter from Ferris, Baker Watts.
Douglas Mewhirter - Ferris, Baker Watts: Hi, good morning. Ive two questions. The first is, obviously, a sort of retailers are very disappointing and also Hyatt, you mentioned that FIU was also was still very soft through for obviously reasons. But given the FIUs within special programs, and correct me if Im wrong, but special programs showed very positive overall organic growth. What seemed to be picking up the slack?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Its a combination of one profitable financial that we talked about, and we had some nice growth in public entity.
Douglas Mewhirter - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. Thanks. And the second question. Because of the contingents commissions have seemed to be, I guess restructuring and the nature of them were restructuring. Do you think, Cory, that continuance maybe less front loaded, as they have in the past? And we have seen more quarters with unusually large amounts in the second, third, and fourth quarter as opposed to just getting it all in the first quarter?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: The short answer is, no. And first of all, there is really only three maybe four carriers with Harford [ph] are the only one that Im aware of that are restructuring. It is all parts of the previous settlement. I dont see I heard of any other insurance carriers of the other 900 that we deal with that they would go to the guarantee supplemental commission. So, that takes care of that. The rest of the contingents should fall in the normal period of time. Now, the reason why we had such a larger number of contingents in the third quarter, relates primarily to the wholesale or marketplace where a lot of those carriers have June, 30th type year-end. And so, it would just they had good year, this past year and so the contingents were up. And so, they are really overall being much of a change in the normal flow in those contingents commission.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Doug, I think I pull you back on that, there is another issue here and that is when insurance carriers are making lots of money, our contingent commissions go up as a percentage of our revenue. When prices start to rise as they do when losses amount for risk bearers generally our contingents are flat or down, but we grow the other hand of this spectrum which is the organic growth. So, its kind of balancing act.
Douglas Mewhirter - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan Sectors Securities.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Hi. This is actually Keith Alexander calling on Matts behalf.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Just one follow-up question. I was wondering if you guys could discuss how changes in price and exposure have possibly led to any changes in compensation or commission ratios or how these three factors are moving on relative basis?
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, first of all, relative to our commissions of the company commission of the same. However, we are getting some additional commissions from some companies and its kind of sporadic and its not across the country, but thats probably going to become a little bit more prevalent as they continued to got the prices. So, thats the top end and in terms of the way we paying people, there is no difference.
Keith Alexander - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. Thats all we had.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We go next to John Fox with [inaudible] Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. I have a question from Powell. If you had the dollar amount for FIU this quarter and last year?
J. Powell Brown - President: John, last year FIU had about $4.42 and then this year it was just little over $2 million. So, there was roughly $2.1 million draft in the third quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then for Jim, I cant remember any type of projection I mean about acquisitions before, but are you telling us to expect $100 million or does just the pipeline looks good and whats the message here?
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thats up to run rate, John. And we never have we never have forecast normally.
Unidentified Analyst: And so, that you are analyzing the current run rate.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, the current run rate, thats right.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: They have never done until the one.
Operator: We will go next to Nick Fisken of Stephens Incorporate.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Hey, good morning everybody.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Nick, how are you?
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Good. How much of Florida is casually?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I dont know
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Just kind of goal post, it if you can.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it will be a scientific wild guess, yes.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: You got personal lines, you got marine, and so, lets see employee benefit is about $200 million. Casualty, when you talk about Florida, only is that right, Nick?
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Correct.
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Maybe 40%, but thats kind of a guess. I have to look at that.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Okay. And Cory, whats your outlook for a contingents for the fourth quarter?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Right now, it should be well less than $1 million, maybe $0.5 million from what we know right now
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: And then if you look at the four underwriters that are paying you these guarantied contingent, do you know how much they paid you last year in the form of the regular weight contingent?
Cory T. Walker - Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was about the same amount. We was around $6 million in total contingent, and so, right now, on the run rate, right now, we are running at $6 million and $6.5 million. So, I think its almost a wash.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Okay. And then last question for Hyatt. If you look at 08, you guys are pretty confident you guys can hit that B part of the B40 goal, but I am wondering more on the 40%.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will tell you, right now, we have never normalized earnings and so, for instance, whenever we had the numbers last year where we had $5.8 million payment to the folks in [inaudible], we did normalize those in our own thinking. So, this year including the Rock-Tenn sales, we are probably going to be 40% in terms of the margin and I think Wall Street has a falling a little below the B and so is it going to be $15 million below B I dont know, but thats what some of the Wall Street estimates are as I understand it. And what we are in the process of doing as a mater of fact is our leadership meetings start Wednesday and we are going to talk about the next intermediate goal and because of a rolling 12 sometime in the not to far distant future we are going to be at the B. So, we will declare a victory and then go to the next intermediate goal, and we dont know exactly what thats going to be. But I think you can probably figure it out by just thinking about it.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: So, if I look at margins year-on-year, you are down about 80 bits just on the comp and other Op expense, is there any reason that should not continue?
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it depends it might continue it might not. And so if you look back at our history, of course, you cannot look at one quarter or maybe any six months and say, its up or down. We continuously except for the cases I am talking about pretax now and you are thinking EBITDA, thats sort of cases where there was a change and the amortization from 20 to 15 years our pretax have gone up fairly evenly. And so, we think there is still upward mobility, and we are going to see if we can get there.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Okay. Thanks.
Jim W. Henderson - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: This is Jim. If you look at the acquisition activity and if that comes in and unless it matches obviously the current rate there is some impact on margins from the acquisitions, and they come in at a very higher rate, some of them are not going to come in at the longest that much to have Brown & Brown rate.
Nikolai Fisken - Stephens Inc: Okay, thank you.
Operator: If there are no further questions at this time, Mr. Brown, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing remarks.
J. Hyatt Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thats all we have, and so, good luck everyone and we will see you in January.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.
